===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome, everyone, to the Vulcan Materials Company First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. My name is David, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. Please be reminded that today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later on the company's website. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company's prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Now, I will turn your call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website vulcanmaterials.com. Please be reminded that, today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. During the Q&A, we ask that you limit your participation to one question. This will allow us to accommodate as many as possible during our time we have available. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining the Vulcan Materials earnings call this morning. Our first quarter results showcase the powerful combination of our two-pronged growth strategy to improve earnings through compounding profitability in our organic business and adding strategic assets to our portfolio. Consistently expanding our cash gross profit per ton is key to successfully growing earnings through varied macroeconomic backdrops. In the first quarter, our teams delivered an impressive 20% year-over-year improvement. Complemented by the contribution from prior year acquisitions, the strong performance in our legacy business led to a 27% improvement in adjusted EBITDA and 420 basis points of expansion in adjusted EBITDA margin. I'm pleased with how our teams are executing on our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines to consistently enhance our performance regardless of the demand backdrop. Aggregates shipments in the first quarter were 1% lower than the prior year. Shipments from acquired aggregates facilities partially offset the impacts of extremely cold weather across many of our markets and one last shipping day in the quarter. Our commercial execution and commitment to January price increases yielded 290 basis points of sequential price growth from the fourth quarter. And Aggregates freight-adjusted price improved 7% on a year-over-year basis. On a mixed adjusted basis, aggregates freight-adjusted price improved 8.5% over the prior year. Our operational execution and discipline in the quarter were noteworthy. Aggregates freight-adjusted unit cash cost of sales declined 3% compared to the prior year. Moderating inflationary pressures, a relentless focus on plant efficiencies, and some timing benefits of delayed expenditures due to weather conditions all contributed to the cost performance. Trailing 12 months, aggregates cash gross profit grew to $10.99 per ton, within a penny of our $11 to $12 goal and a ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Our aggregates business is performing well. Our downstream businesses are also performing well. Cash unit profitability in both asphalt and concrete expanded considerably by 19% and 77%, respectively. Total cash gross profit improved by over 50% through same-store unit profitability improvement and the benefit of the prior year acquisitions. We delivered a strong start to the year and we're focused on carrying that momentum forward as we navigate increasing macroeconomic volatility driven by the uncertainty in trade policy and unclear trajectory of interest rates. We believe that private demand will continue to face challenges this year, while public demand remains a healthy offset. Affordability issues and elevated interest rates persist as headwinds in residential construction activity. Single-family starts and permits have been declining recently and multifamily activity remains weak as anticipated. However, overall single-family inventory levels, particularly in Vulcan states, are below average historic levels and mortgage performance measures do not point to distress in housing markets. Demographics in Vulcan markets support a consistent need for additional housing. So we continue to believe that the timing of additional interest rate reductions and overall improvement in affordability will dictate when residential construction activity returns to growth. While the trends in private nonresidential demand vary across categories, the interest rate environment and macroeconomic uncertainty seem to be delaying the timing of recovery and starts. Importantly, warehouse activity, the largest category in private nonresidential construction, appears to be stabilizing after multiple years of declines and data center activity in our markets continues to accelerate. On the public side, IIJ-related spending remains a catalyst, with two-thirds of the highway dollars yet to be spent. Continued steady demand growth. Trailing 12-month contract awards in Vulcan states continue to outpace other markets. Capital plans in 9 of our top 10 states are up, and voters passed $45 billion of transportation spending ballot initiatives in the November election cycle in 12 of our key states. And as I said, public demand is healthy. It remains an important offset to private demand challenges in 2025. Our teams are closely monitoring the local market conditions and are well-positioned to respond to an ever evolving environment by controlling what we can control, that is, how we perform on the commercial and operational sides of our business. By staying focused on our disciplines, I am confident in our ability to execute. We continue to expect to deliver between $2.35 billion and $2.55 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2025. Now I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our first quarter. Mary Andrews?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Our consistent success and compounding results in our aggregates-led business is translating to attractive free cash flow. Over the last 12 months, we have generated $869 million of free cash flow, a 93% conversion of net earnings. We have allocated this capital to grow our business and return cash to shareholders. We have deployed $2.2 billion for strategic acquisition and returned $336 million to shareholders, while generating a return on invested capital of 16.2% and maintaining debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage within our target range of 2x to 2.5x. At the end of the first quarter and following the March redemption of our 2025 senior notes for $400 million, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage was 2.2x, with over $190 million of cash on hand. A disciplined approach to capital allocation and a well-positioned balance sheet are fundamental to our long-term success. Our liquidity position and financial flexibility are competitive strengths as we navigate an uncertain macro economy, evaluate strategic growth opportunities, and continue to create value for our shareholders. Our first quarter results provided an outstanding start to 2025. Our organic business delivered strong results in all three segments, and the operations acquired in 2024 are performing well. We continue to evaluate the potential direct and indirect impacts of tariffs to our business. While we may experience some tariff-related inflationary pressures in our operating costs, we do not currently anticipate these impacts to have a material effect on earnings. Importantly, we have a proven business model that has successfully navigated a variety of external disruptions in recent history. We remain focused on what we can control and expanding our aggregate cash growth profit per ton regardless of the macro backdrop. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $105 million, and we continue to expect to spend between $750 million and $800 million for the full year. SAG expenses in the quarter were in line with our expectations, and we continue to expect full year SAG expense of between $550 million and $560 million. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide a few closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. I want to thank the men and women of Vulcan Materials for their hard work in the first quarter that translated to an outstanding safety and financial performance. Most importantly, they stayed focused on keeping each other safe, and their commitment to executing each day is showing up in our bottom line. Our focus is on what is ahead, maintaining our solid momentum and continue to leverage our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines to compound profitability in our legacy business, capture synergies from acquisitions, and deliver value for our shareholders. And now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Take our first question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning, everyone.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Hi, Tom, Mary Andrews, Mark. Really impressive price cost spread you folks put up in the quarter. Tom, I'm wondering if you could just talk about how you're thinking about midyear price increases and cost cadence given the strong performance and the spread.
Tom Hill: Yes, I guess as it goes to price, I would tell you as expected, we carry really good momentum into the year with prices up 7%, mix adjusted up 8.5%. I think it was a combination of two things. January 1 price increases pretty much went as expected and then we had really good pricing in our backlog and we continue to have good pricing in our backlog. So I thought the first quarter started a year off really good, keep our guidance at 5 to 7, remembering that we have to turn that price into profit. And you saw Vulcan Way of Selling, a couple of Vulcan Way of Operating do that in Q1 with unit margins up some 20%. So a really good start to the year. And I think what that is, is simply the Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating at work. As it goes to mid-years, we've started those discussions now. We'll have those talks about midyear in all of our markets. I would expect a range of outcomes by market and by product line, much like the last couple of years. In those discussions, as we always say, the midyears will impact '26 more than they will '25. So, a really good start to the year, and pleased with the performance and pleased with the execution of the Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating.
Jerry Revich: Congratulations to the team. Thanks.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Hi, Tyler.
Jerry Revich: Hey, good morning. Hey, look, Tom, there's a lot of hand-wringing about the outlook for volumes, maybe more so on the private side. You guys kind of mentioned it up front, but obviously the 10 years in the housing market has been a little bit stubborn. But just in broad strokes, can you kind of give us an update on how you would kind of characterize the organic rock volumes in '25, if you kind of parse them between resi, non-resi, and public? Just kind of how do you get to that slightest organic volume?
Tom Hill: Yes, so I think what we're saying is our guidance of 3% to 5% with the acquisitions, we keep that guidance. We think, as you said, we've got challenges on the private side, but we see continued really healthy growth on the public side, both in the highway and in non-highway infrastructure. The non-highway infrastructure is really going well. Q1 shipments were down 1%, but it wasn't linear. January and February were down 7%, really driven by the extremely cold weather that we saw in the winter. And then we got to March, shipments grew by 9%. It was aided by acquisitions and a little bit easier weather comp. So at this point, I think we stick to our guide of 3% to 5%, challenge private, stronger public. Now remember, that's probably going to be back half loaded. If you remember last year, we had a really weather challenge back half of the year, so a lot easier comps going into it. I think if you kind of look at what's going on in the market right now, project -- people ask all the time, are you getting projects canceled or held? Projects that are started or go, they're not held or not canceled. Now we're bidding a lot of big projects that people seem to be on the pause button kind of waiting for some uncertainty. You couple that with importantly, I think if you look at our bookings, they're up substantially on the public side. They're up slightly on private work. If you look at total backlogs, they're up year-over-year. So we're starting to see some water build behind the dam. The challenges, I think, will be on probably the fixed concrete plant side driven by challenges and private demand. So, a mix bag, a decent start to the year, but again, I'd point you to back half loaded for volumes.
Jerry Revich: Yes, great color, mix bag. Got it. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Hi, Anthony.
Asher Sohnen: Hi. This is -- hi, this is actually Asher Sohnen on for Anthony. Thanks for taking my question.
Tom Hill: Okay.
Asher Sohnen: I just wanted to ask for maybe an update around kind of your thoughts on administrative policy. Like, have you seen any kind of pressure on the pace of IJA [ph] rollout, project starts, maybe IRA-related projects, from any of the policy attitudes or kind of executive orders we've seen. I think last quarter there really wasn't much of an impact, so just wanted an update.
Tom Hill: No, really no impact to us. I think when it comes to the highway work or public demand, there's no uncertainty of highway funding at the federal level. IIJ funds are flowing, I'd say, as expected. Actually, the states right now are working on their new budgets. It appears that we'll see in our states growth over the next fiscal year, which starts kind of mid-summer. You've got to remember, obviously, there was also four local road, excuse me, 40 local road and bridge measures in last year's election, which was an additional $45 billion. So short story is, no impact from as far as funding for infrastructure. We actually see growth in federal, state, and local funding probably for the next couple of years in our markets, including 2025. As I said in my opening comments, you still got two-thirds of the IIJ funding yet to be spent. So, we feel really good about the public side.
Asher Sohnen: Got it. Thanks. That's good to hear. I'll turn it over.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Hi, Keith.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Keith Hughes: Hey, how you doing? Thanks for the question and great quarter here. I guess the question is on costs and costs were down. Could you just talk about specifically what happened in the quarter and what your outlook on the cost side is for the rest of the year?
Tom Hill: Yes, I would tell you, I would take you back to our original guide on costs. While the quarter was, it was a great quarter. Look, we're down 3%, excellent performance for our operating teams. We got costs down 3% with slightly lower volumes and very, very cold conditions in January, February. I'm proud of my operators. But I attributed the performance to three things. One, as I said, improving operating efficiencies, the Vulcan Way Of Operating is starting to kick in. We should see that get better as we progress through the year and really get that technology to work in those quarries. Second, I thought we are -- I thought our folks did a really good job controlling spending match to diminished ability to operate in the cold weather. And the third is we simply had some cost pushback. I mean we had some projects because of the bad weather stripping and other things that we just couldn't do in the quarter So, cost as we always say, it's going to -- it's lumpy quarter-to-quarter by nature We take the full year we take you back to our guide which is kind of that low to mid-single-digit. Now we'll do our best to beat that and we got the Vulcan Way of Operating executing and so I think we got a shot at beating it, but at this point, too early to call. I take it back to you guys.
Keith Hughes: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: Good morning and thank you for taking my question today. I wanted to circle back just on two different things that tie into your Vulcan Way of Operating and Selling and the outlook. So the contacts that we speak to in the heavy materials space, we're finding that there are just have and have not in the construction industrial value chain, but what strikes us is on the heavy material side things are maybe not quite as bad as some of the headlines show. Could you marry also first are you seeing any type of significant project either cancellations or delays? And how does your Vulcan Way of Operating and Selling help differentiate yourself as you deal with a more uncertain environment? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yes, so on project delays or cancellations, what we started seems to be going. Nothing is canceling once it started. Nothing is put on hold. As I said a minute ago, we are seeing, we are bidding a lot of work, Kathryn, and it's just not going right away. I think that is good news, a little bit frustrating, but good news because people are assessing projects. I think they just are not willing to pull the trigger until we get rid of some of the macro volatility. And as I said, if I look at our bookings, both on public and private, they're doing very well. Backlogs are healthy. So I think there is some pent-up demand out there that will go later on once the world gets a little clearer. As it comes to the Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating, I attribute the consistency and improvement in unit margins over the last 2-plus years. That's what I attribute it to, because it just gives us a lot of clarity and forward-looking information to our sales group and operators of how we run our business. We're a little bit further ahead in the Vulcan Way of Selling and you're seeing that in price and you're seeing that in execution of how we run our markets and ability to see forward in those markets. Both we have operating good quarter, but one quarter does not a trend make. So we got to prove that out. I am pleased with the technology that is now being put to work in our 125, 120 largest operations, very early stages of that. So I think we'll -- again we will have to -- a lot of hard work for operators throughout 2025 and beginning of 2026. But it is paying off and we are seeing improved efficiencies. You put all that together and it just gives us a model that is able to take advantage of tailwinds and offset headwinds of how we consistently execute.
Kathryn Thompson: Right. Thank you very much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hi, Trey.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning, Tom. Good morning, Mary Andrews, Mark.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: And congrats on the good quarter.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Trey Grooms: So, the profitability has been touched on several times here, but 20% cash gross profit improvement, that's per unit. That's about as strong as we've seen. And I know there has been some puts and takes. And it sounded like the moderating inflation of course the productivity improvements. But I guess the one piece that I want to try to get my head around on as far as kind of thinking about the cadence as we move through the year would be on the things you pointed out, Tom, around some maybe delayed expenditures with stripping and things like that, that I understand are hard to call when that's going to happen, especially when weather is not your friend in a given quarter. But is there anything that you could give us on how to think about maybe the cadence of that? Is it going to be lumpy in a quarter here or there? How we should think about just the profitability as we kind of go through the quarters here?
Tom Hill: Sure, I'll take that kind of in pieces. First of all, volume, as we said, it'll be back half loaded, both from a timing and a comp perspective. I think that's how I'd look at volume. On pricing, I think we'll be pretty consistent. I would guide you to 5% to 7% quarter-to-quarter. I think we'll be pretty consistent as we operate through the year with price. Cost, it's a harder call. As I always say, that cost is going to be lumpy. But as an investor, you want it that way because we need to spend the money when we need to spend the money and proactively not try to time it, or you'll have unpredicted maintenance and higher maintenance costs. So again, volume back half loaded, price pretty consistent, 5% to 7%, cost a little bit lumpy. Look, we had a great start to the year on cost. I would love to tell you we're going to beat the guide of low to mid, but we just need to see a few more quarters before we go there. Obviously, operators, that is their goal. That's what they want to do. But we got to play that out for a little while.
Trey Grooms: Yes, understood. And I guess just with that, if you could maybe touch to the downstream segments, because you're expecting, I think, some improvement there as well, which we saw some in the corridor. Is that kind of still the thought around downstream?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes, Trey, our downstream businesses are performing really well. We still expect them to contribute cash gross profit of about $360 million for the year. Two-thirds asphalt, probably one-third ready mix. And, importantly, like you said, that's really a combination of strong unit profitability growth in the legacy operations coupled with the contribution from the acquisition. So both asphalt and ready mix got off to a good start and we still expect that level of profitability for the year.
Trey Grooms: Yes, got it. Thank you. I'll pass it on. Good luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Garik Shmois: Oh, hi. Thanks. Hey, good morning and congrats on the quarter. I was hoping you could speak to pricing in a little bit more detail. First, if you could maybe help us understand where you are on integrating Wake Stone and getting pricing there up to the average. And then secondly, just on the midyears, I know it's early days and you mentioned traction should be similar to prior years, but just curious if you're getting any pushback or what kind of feedback you're getting considering the private construction slowdown from your ready mix customers, or are you seeing perhaps some more understanding given the expectations for inflation moving forward?
Tom Hill: Yes, so I think that I would call like I said, I would call pricing as expected, January 1s went well, midyears, we're just starting those conversation, so to be seen. Pricing is always easier with growing demand. And we're seeing that you well, we got some challenges on the private side. We're seeing good growth on the public side, which is always helpful. That's also a lot more predictable. So I would -- I guess I would call it as expected from a pricing perspective and to be seen kind of with midyears.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes, and then just overall, Garik, I think as it relates to the acquisitions, same as expected. Performance was good in the first quarter. We continue to expect the approximately $150 million of contribution for the full year and working hard to capitalize on our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines to capture synergies with the acquisition as well as improving the legacy business.
Garik Shmois: Okay, makes sense. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: Thanks very -- good morning. Thanks very much. Congrats on the profit performance. Just wanted to follow-up a question on the bidding, which you've addressed a couple of times, where you said some things are paused, which sounds like it's really on the private side. But within those pauses, how broad would you say those are? Is that mainly very interest rate sensitive, commercial type projects? Or is it also on things that are more perhaps structural in nature, things like the data centers or semiconductors or pharma, bio or whatever seeing these bigger projects that seem to have good memento. I'm just curious how broad you're seeing that hesitancy on the decision making that move right ahead.
Tom Hill: I'd tell you it's not real broad. You're seeing some big commercial projects that people are taking bids on and pull the trigger. As far as public work, it's a go. Nothing's being paused there. I don't think it's that wide out there. As far as data centers, that is a bright spot for us. We're doing a lot of data center work right now. 6% of the data centers that are under construction are in our footprint. If you look at what's coming up in data centers, 80% of the proposed data centers are within 30 miles of a Vulcan quarry. So that'll be a really bright spot for us and one that is a go. I think it would be interesting to watch the data center over the next few years, because that's going to lead to substantial power generation construction, which will be very aggregate intensive for us over the next 3 to 5 years. And so that will too, will be a bright spot coming on nonresidential. So it's -- the pauses is big commercial. It was big commercial work. I don't think it's that widespread. It's just interesting that you see some of those big projects will bid it and this doesn't -- it's the timings just push back. I think for me it's good news because sooner or later. It's going to go.
Steven Fisher: Terrific. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Hi, Timna.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to ask about not the direct impact of tariffs. I recognize you said those were limited, but the impact of the tariff-related uncertainty perhaps on your customers and acquisition candidates. Just wondering if there's anything incremental you can touch on there, please. Thanks.
Tom Hill: Yes, so to be clear on tariffs, we're constantly evaluating the possibilities of our impact on our business. I think our model really limits the direct impact for Vulcan. At this point we don't think tariffs move the needle on our cost outlook. We got -- remember, we own our largest cost which is cost component which is the rock in the ground. And then you also got to remember our model allows us to rapidly offset any cost volatility. And because you saw that when we had breakneck inflation which is probably a lot bigger impact than the tariffs. A watch as you said, a watch for us on tariffs is the cost impact of private construction. I think that was a little early to call, but it is something that everybody that I think we need to be thoughtful of.
Timna Tanners: Okay. But regarding like M&A candidates, are they acting differently because of the uncertainty? Or can you speak to your customers’ impact? Again, recognize that the minimal impact direct is great.
Tom Hill: Yes. On the heavy construction business like ready mix and asphalt, I don’t see a big impact at this point as far as customers are concerned. As far as M&A, we call out some smaller deals that we are talking about right now. I don’t think tariffs are having a big impact. What I do think is with M&A, it typically slows in times of volatility, and you’re seeing that right now. So we may have to let the wool spin a little bit before you see substantial M&A, but I think that’s a temporary pause.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And I think, Timna, importantly for us, we have the balance sheet obviously very well positioned for future growth as M&A opportunities do arise. The key for us is obviously to continue to be disciplined as we evaluate those so that we can deliver attractive returns on capital over time and continue to grow our leading aggregates positions. But we like our position and are well prepared to act in the M&A market if any of this uncertainty does impact that.
Timna Tanners: Got it. Okay. Thanks again.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jean Veliz with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hi.
Jean Veliz: Congrats on the quarter and thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Jean Veliz: Yes, good morning. I was -- you mentioned that on the private bookings was up slightly. Could you do you mind commenting a little bit about what kind of works are you seeing that are picking up slightly through your bookings?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think the bright spot on the private side is data centers. And it’s -- majority of those are in our footprints. I think on the public side, it’s obviously highway work is up. But a really bright spot for us is infrastructure. The non-highway work, which is water ports and airports. Those bookings are up substantially and again a bright spot. But on the private side, I think two things is that data centers are up and we're starting to see kind of the bottom of warehouses. We think we hit the bottom of that. So it’s not as big a drag as it was maybe a year ago.
Jean Veliz: And with the common owned warehouses, does that offset some of the residential? Or is this just a nice pickup that you hope to carry on through '26 into '26?
Tom Hill: I think the offset of -- the offset of single-family is really on the public side, is really highways and non-highway infrastructure. I mean that has helped a little bit, but the real offset is the public demand.
Jean Veliz: All right. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Michael Feniger: Good morning, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for having me in. I just wanted to ask Tom with the conversation around tariffs, if in terms of just your own price cost. I mean, if contractors out there are bracing for higher input costs for materials, equipment, other areas, does this give you cover to be able to raise pricing even if your own costs, it looks like are actually trending lower when we see what’s happening with oil prices today and diesel. So I’m just wondering with the amount of aggregates that is in these projects, if all these other items are seeing inflationary and your customers are bracing for that, how do you kind of think about that when it comes to pricing relative to your costs that might not be going up to that degree?
Tom Hill: Well, I think, first of all, we don't price on cost. We price on earning it with our customers. I think when you look at -- if you look at tariffs, you've also got to put a little bit in perspective of what we saw with inflation over the last 2 or 3 years, which was breakneck. And the market absorbed it. I think the tariff thing will shake out. I think that -- I don’t think it will have an impact on pricing when it comes to aggregates.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jesse Barone: Hey, good morning. It’s Jesse Barron on for Phil. Just a question on asphalt. Obviously, oil has come down here in the first quarter and then taken another step down in 2Q. Just curious kind of how that kind of translates into your own pricing and then on the cost side, kind of what the lags are there? Thank you.
Tom Hill: So I thought asphalt had a good performance in the quarter despite the cold weather. The cash gross profit was up 24%. We did have some savings with liquid, which is about $3 million, but that product line continues to perform extremely well. And I think that with the public demand growth that we are seeing, it’s a good story for the asphalt business and a good story for aggregate component of the asphalt business, so a real support for us.
Jesse Barone: All right. Thanks. I will turn it over.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Dudas: Thank you, operator. Good morning, Tom, Mary Andrews and Mark.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: For Mary Andrews, you highlighted in your prepared remarks your cash conversion, which is very solid. Maybe you can talk about for the next several quarters how that looks, any meaningful changes from what we’ve seen in history. And as you think about CapEx, growth versus maintenance and this deferred or maybe delay in M&A, given the volatility that we’ve seen, maybe we’ll see more in stock prices, and you did buyback some stock, but you had the debt repayment. Is that something that's certainly on the table maybe in near-term if we still get that volatility on the repurchase side? Thank you.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. So I think first, as it relates to cash conversion, we've -- that has stayed at an attractive level. We would expect that to continue going forward. From a CapEx perspective, for 2025, we still plan to spend the $750 million to $800 million that we had communicated. As you know, that’s a bit higher than last year, primarily due to some spending on some large plant rebuild projects. But I would tell you, we've been consistently reinvesting at what we believe to be appropriate levels for the needs of the business. So I wouldn’t anticipate any big changes there. We are always evaluating lots of different growth CapEx opportunities. And to the extent that we believe those can deliver good growth and attractive returns over time, we will evaluate those as they come up. And it could be a good use of capital going forward depending on what the other opportunities are, but really no changes to our approach to capital allocation at this point.
Michael Dudas: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Angel Castillo: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the strong quarter. Just two …
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Angel Castillo: … quick ones for me. Just first on the power generation opportunity, Tom, that you mentioned, can you just give a sense of kind of the order of magnitude of how much more kind of intensity in terms of aggregates power generation might be? And just to clarify, is that kind of just the nuclear side? Or is there broader kind of power generation being more aggregates intensive? And then maybe one last one on price would just be you talked a lot about it from the VMC side, but curious if you’re seeing anything in terms of competitors’ discipline or mom and pops and kind of trends in how they’re going about mid years?
Tom Hill: I'd take the pricing question first. On the midyears, it’s a little early on those as we are just beginning those conversations. I think that when it comes to midyears, we have those conversations every year and have those have had that probably for the last 4 years. So I guess no surprise and to be expected and nothing has changed as far as timing or the conversations on midyears. As far as power generation, I would tell you it’s probably going to be more of a late '26, '27 play and go on for probably about 5 years. Those will be extremely aggregate tenses [ph]. Those are big, big projects. I expect more gas generation power projects than nuclear early on, maybe nuclear later, but too early to call on that one. But those will be and they’ll be in the markets like Texas, Georgia, Virginia, Arizona, Illinois where the big data center projects are, as where I expect a lot of those and even some in other states. But there’s just a lack of power generation that we're seeing right now. So and if you talk to the power generation companies, they're just going to have to expand. And I think we'll see that over the next 5 years.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the strong quarter.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
David MacGregor: I guess I wanted to just follow-up on the discussion around tariffs and you are noting that it’s not going to be very impactful to the business, but I'm just wondering about the downstream and ready mix. And you've got tariffs that are likely to hit Mediterranean, Southeast Asian imports as well as port levies on many of these cement carrying vessels. I'm just wondering how you expect that to come into play in terms of the ready mix market and how you manage your margins through that? And then just secondly, if I could just ask about the cost performance, which was really impressive. But obviously, petroleum, liquid asphalt, you're getting a break there. But anything going on in terms of maintenance and repair, subcontracting services or parts? Any kind of moderation inflation in those boxes as well?
Tom Hill: So on the cost piece first, we've seen some moderation on inflation and it's not coming down. It's just not going up as fast as it was a year or two ago. So that is helpful. I think operating efficiencies has helped that too. And then as I said, we actually just pushed some costs back in the year because we was too cold to do some projects that we wanted to do. As far as tariffs, I don’t see a big impact on our business or our the ready mix or the asphalt business on tariffs at this point. Obviously, that could change, but at this point, we don't see a big impact on it.
David MacGregor: Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Brophy with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Maser: Hello. This is Andrew Maser on for Brian. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to ask another on the plant automation journey. I think earlier in the call you said that these tools are now implemented in 125 locations or 75% of volumes. I was wondering where you expect these numbers to be by the end of this year or next year? And then is there any way to frame the benefits that you're beginning to see from these initiatives either from a volume throughput or unit cash cost savings perspective? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yes. So what I would -- let me be clear, we put the instrumentation in those the top 100, 120 plants. We have not fully implemented that instrumentation at this point, probably maybe 20%, 30% of the plants are we getting the full efficiencies out of. And I think it will take this year a little bit into next year before we can match the technology to the operating abilities and the production. And what you're trying to do there is maximize throughput, minimize downtime and maximize throughput of critical sizes, whether it's asphalt rock or concrete rock. And that's where the efficiencies come in. Again, early stages of getting the full benefit out of that. Too early to call what that means except for degrees of good. But each plant, when you look at these, you may get 4% out of one plant, 10%, 12% efficiencies out of another plant, way too early to call about what that means from a tons per hour, tons per critical size hour or dollars per ton benefit. But it -- it's sure it's going to help. So that then that's why we do it.
Operator: And there are no further questions on the line at this time. I will turn the program back to Tom Hill for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you for your time this morning. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. We hope that you and your families stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Good morning.
Operator: And this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Sheyna: Good morning. Welcome everyone to the Vulcan Materials Company Fourth Quarter 2024 earnings call. My name is Sheyna, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. Please be reminded that today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later today at the company's website. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company's prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO, and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website vulcanmaterials.com. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. During the Q&A, we ask that you limit your participation to one question. This will allow us to accommodate as many people as possible during our time we have available. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for your interest in Vulcan Materials today. 2024 was another year of successful execution. Our two-pronged growth strategy of enhancing our core and expanding our reach is working. We improved our industry-leading average cash gross profit per ton by 12% and deployed over $2 billion towards value-creating higher sled acquisitions. These acquisitions expanded our presence into new attractive growth areas and strengthened our existing franchise in three of our top ten revenue states. We finished the year strong. We plan to capitalize on our solid momentum and deliver attractive earnings growth again in 2025. Before discussing our outlook in more detail, I will provide you some key highlights from our fourth-quarter performance. Our teams delivered $550 million of adjusted EBITDA in the fourth quarter, a 16% improvement over the prior year. Importantly, adjusted EBITDA margin improved on a year-over-year basis for an eighth consecutive quarter. In the Aggregated segment, cash gross profit per ton expanded 16% to $11.50 the quarter through a combination of continued pricing momentum and moderating year-over-year unit cash cost of sales. Aggregate freight-adjusted price improved 11% in the quarter, consistent with full-year results. Price improvement remained geographically widespread. Are your shipments more mixed in the quarter across geographies and end uses. Shipments were 3% lower than the prior year. Growing public shipments and strong demand in storm-impacted areas of Western North Carolina and East Tennessee helped to particularly offset headwinds and private construction activity. With less disruption from weather, and our consistent focus on maximizing efficiencies, through our Vulcan Wave operating efforts. Freight-adjusted unit cash cost of sales increased 5% compared to the prior year. This was a meaningful improvement compared to previous quarters, and a testament to the execution of our operating teams. This continued execution will be a focus for us in 2025. The pricing environment remains healthy and we expect freight-adjusted AGUS price to grow between 5% and 7% in 2025. Now this includes an Uber 100 basis point negative mix impact from recent acquisitions. Inflationary cost pressures continue to moderate, and we're making progress our evolving operating process intelligence adoption. We expect freight-adjusted aggregates unit cash cost to increase low to mid-single digits in 2025, leading to another year of double-digit year-over-year expansion in our aggregate unit profitability. We expect 2025 aggregate shipments to increase between 3% and 5% compared to last year. This growth outlook is driven by recent acquisitions, coupled with the expectation of stable demand for our legacy business. I expect that continued growth in public construction activity will offset ongoing or modest contraction in private activity. Over the last year, turning twelve months highway starts have increased by another $7 billion to $122 billion. Blown highway input cost inflation and continued IJA-related spinning support ongoing growth highway shipments in 2025 and beyond. Additionally, $45 billion of funding initiatives were passed at the state and local level in the recent election cycle to spur additional transportation investment in local states. Affordability and elevated interest rates remain headwinds for residential construction activity. Increasing single-family starts over the past twelve months support modest growth in single-family housing in 2025. But multifamily starts, data, and elevated vacancy rates point to another year of declining demand in multifamily housing. Because of demographics in Vulcan market support a consistent need for additional housing, the timing of additional interest rates reductions and overall improvement in affordability will dictate when residential construction activity returns to growth. Likewise, our return to growth in private nonresident construction will also be a matter of timing. While we expect lower private non-residential demand in 2025, we currently anticipate that starts will bottom by mid-2025 and may begin to recover by the second half of the year, boding well for 2026 activity. Recent trends in both warehouse starts and data centers have been encouraging. Currently, twelve-month warehouse starts, the largest category in private nonresidential construction, have continued to flatten out at pre-pandemic levels after a precipitous drop from historic highs throughout 2023. Current planned data centers activity in our markets remains robust. And according to CoStar data, approximately 7% of proposed data center activity is within 20 miles of a Vulcan Soli. As I said earlier, the focus of our teams is execution. Controlling what we control, against the demand backdrop, I just described, we expect to deliver between $2.35 and $2.55 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2025. Now I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews to provide some and more details around our 2025 outlook.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Sam, and good morning. I commented a year ago that our balance sheet was a source of strength and provided us considerable financial flexibility to continue to grow. In 2024, we deployed approximately $2.3 billion towards strategic acquisitions. Also reinvested in our existing franchise and furthered our greenfield effort with $638 million of operating and maintenance and internal growth capital. And we returned $313 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. At year-end, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage was 2.3 times. In March, we redeemed our 2026 note at par $550 million. And in the fourth quarter, we issued $2 billion of note across five ten, and thirty-year tenors to fund our 2024 acquisition activity. Recently, we provided notice of our intent to redeem the $400 million of 2025 note with cash on hand. Effective March 28, 2025. Given another year of solid cash generation in 2024, we remain well-positioned to continue our long track record of growth through disciplined capital allocation and consistent execution. In 2024, our teams executed well in a challenging volume environment to expand adjusted EBITDA margin by 190 basis points and deliver $2.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the full year. Aggregates cash gross profit per ton grew by 12% to $10.61. Demonstrating the durable compounding nature of the aggregates business, and our continued progress toward our $11 to $12 per ton goal. SAG expenses for the full year were 2% lower than the prior year. We remain focused on continuing to drive value for the business through disciplined investments in SAG expenses to support our organic growth initiatives and innovation through technology. SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue were 7.2% in 2024. Our return on invested capital at year-end was 16.2%. That's largely consistent with the prior year. The increase in invested capital was driven by fourth-quarter acquisitions provided very little earnings contribution given the closing date. Absent that timing impact, return on invested capital improved 40 basis points. Bearing strong momentum into 2025, we anticipate another year of attractive margin expansion and earnings growth. Tom highlighted our views around demand, pricing, and aggregates unit profitability. Let me provide a few additional details around the 2025 guidance. We estimate that recent acquisitions contribute approximately $150 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2025. We expect our downstream businesses to contribute approximately $360 million in cash gross profit with an estimated two-thirds of the contribution from the asphalt segment and one-third from the concrete segment. These expectations reflect expansion and cash unit and the contribution of recent acquisitions. We forecast SG expenses of between $550 and $560 million. We project depreciation, depletion, amortization, and accretion expenses of approximately $800 million, interest expense of approximately $245 million, and an effective tax rate between 22% and 23%. In 2025, we plan to reinvest in our franchise through operating and maintenance and internal growth capital expenditures, between $750 million and $800 million. Included in this plan is approximately $125 million of spending on three sizable plant rebuild projects that are underway. In addition to capital for recently acquired businesses. Overall, we expect 2025 to mark another year of expansion and adjusted EBITDA margin, attractive growth and adjusted EBITDA, and strong cash generation. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide a few closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. I want to take a moment to thank the men and women of Vulcan Materials for your consistent and enduring commitment to excellence. Most importantly, you kept one other safe and look out for your brothers and sisters across the company and communities in which we live, in work. Particularly in the face of persistent inclement and sometimes severe weather. And I am so proud of your consistent execution of the walkway you're operating and the Volker way of selling strategic disciplines. You proved your mettle and increased cash gross profit per ton every quarter for the second year in a row. I'm excited about what we will achieve in 2025. Together, we remain focused on controlling what we can control and generating value for our customers, our communities, and our shareholders. Now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will take our first question from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Mr. Grimshaw, you might be on mute. Your line is open.
Trey Grooms: Hey. I'm sorry. Sorry about that. Good morning, Tom. Good morning, Tom. Mary Andrews and Mark. Well done on the strong finish to the year. Thank you. I wanted to ask on aggregates pricing. You know, it seems like some markets have seen a shift from January to April as far as just the timing. Can you talk about a little bit about that and maybe it's the success of January increases that you've seen and you know, how we should be thinking about maybe the cadence of pricing this year.
Tom Hill: Sure, Trey. So Q4 in the year in the total year last year, where it was pricing up 11%. So that allows us to carry really good pricing momentum into this year. As you saw, our guide is 5 to 7 but that's also negatively impacted over 100 basis points by the acquisitions. You know, I'm not worried about those. We'll get those back up to our averages quickly. But our January one price increases, you couple that with our booking and back close. I think it supports our guide, as did our I thought our January results. Our 25 results. The timing of price increases, I think, will be very similar to last year. Whether it was in bid work or asphalt or ready mixed pricing. Price increases, the vast majority of our price increases took effect January one. I think we should should we would guide you to I think we'll be in the range quarter to quarter throughout the year. Now remember, mix can impact a single quarter. It can then impact it up or down. But mix adjusted, I think we should be consistently in that 5 to 7 range.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah. And Trey, you know, I would add that most importantly, we expect that the consistent pricing improvement coupled with, you know, moderating costs that we've talked about in the prepared remarks will yield low double-digit improvement in cash gross profit per ton consistently each quarter as well. Extending what we've now strung together a nine-quarter run on double-digit improvement and really the, you know, the underlying performance of the aggregates business is gonna be the biggest driver of our 2025 EBITDA growth which we expect is gonna improve you know, by about 12% on an organic basis. So really expecting a strong performance from from the ag segment.
Trey Grooms: Yep. Well, thank you for all the color, and that's that's impressive and encouraging. So keep up the good work, and I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Trudy.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. I think you mentioned on the aggregates volumes side sort of an organic steady pace. So I'm assuming that means about sort of flat organic volumes expectation. Is that correct? And feel free to correct me on that. But maybe just curious about the the cadence of of how that plays out during the year. And we've been observing this slowdown in overall nonresident. You mentioned the the private side kinda being a little weak to start off. So just curious what you've assumed for the cadence of that organic trend in the the first half of the year versus the second half? Do you have actual declines maybe in in the first half before you know, maybe easier comps and then growth in the second half. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I think you I think you completely understand it. It is growing public, offsetting some some challenged private. If you look back at 24, we never really got out of the weather problem. The easiest comp to your point will will is Q3. If you look at January, February, we got a slow start. Some of that is cold and wet weather. But remember, it's just January and February, so not too worried about that. I think regardless of the challenges, our bulk and teams will perform. I think I've I've complete confidence our full year guide but as you said, back half loaded, probably with some either some either comps coupled with probably some help from single family and NREZ construction in the second half. Terrific. Thank you.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Catherine Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Catherine Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking that good morning. Thank you for taking my question today. And so your your volume guidance in quarter was very close to ours pricing exactly in line, but what jumps out at me is and and correct me if I'm wrong with this, but your gross margins came in at a record Q4 level. Could you you've articulated in the past the the bulk of way of operations. But if if you could parse out a little bit more for this quarter and how we should think about next year in terms of that margin of kinda the why behind that record. For Q4, the components, and how that plays into the longer-term strategy, including for this year. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Sure. You know, I cost increase in the fourth quarter, which must improve over the prior three quarters, three reasons why. One was weather was not a negative. Two, volumes were not as negative, and three, our involvement with operating technology and tools and disciplines are improving our efficiencies. And as we look to 2025, we believe we'll continue to mature the work we have operating, which will continue to enhance our operating efficiencies. We would guide you to the to the kind of low to mid-single-digit increases in 2025. That is a substantial improvement over over the past couple of years. But really kind of that closer to what we've seen in history. So I think you what you're seeing is the the bulk way of operating at work, and offsetting some of the the the the headwinds we would see.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: And, Catherine, on, you know, on gross margin, we saw improvement on a year-over-year basis each quarter in 2024. That's what I would expect for you to see in 2025. I think in terms of kind of the the cadence of gross margin, I would think about it, you know, it's typically lowest, obviously, in Q1, highest in Q2 or Q3. We did have an outstanding fourth quarter and plan to, you know, carry that momentum into 2025.
Catherine Thompson: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Ashley Sotto: Hi. This is Hey. Hi. This is Ashley Sotto on to Anthony. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask around, you know, administrative policy. Have you seen any kind of pressure on you know, the pace of ISA rollout or for projects starts from from, you know, any of the policy decisions or executive orders we've seen. And then on tariffs, what kind of impact your business we could we could expect to come soon.
Tom Hill: So I don't think we see any impact from policy on on the public demand. It's IJ, which you're seeing is the growth in public going to work. And remember that money is protected through dedicated long-term funding, so nothing's gonna happen to it? Looking forward, we would think this government will support traditional agrarian sensitive public work legislation. So probably a positive from that perspective on tariffs. On agri tariffs directly, we see very little impact on everything else and we've looked at, you know, steel and rubber. I'm not sure anyone could tell you what's gonna happen, but I don't think it's a it's a it's a big impact to us. And, you know, the flip side of that is I'm confident that both materials teams will navigate whatever's comes at us? You know, look, we've seen a pandemic. We've seen volumes down. We see record inflation. And our teams consistently grow unit margins and earnings, and that's exactly why we develop book we're selling book operating, so that we can consistently grow our unit profitability regardless of any outside challenges. So the government, I think, supports infrastructure, and I don't think we'll handle whatever comes out from the tariffs.
Ashley Sotto: Great. Thanks. I'll I'll send it over. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Hey, Jerry. Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Hi, Tom. Mary Andrews Mark. Hi. Mary and Julie, I just wanted to pull the thread on on the cost performance. If we back out the period cost absorption, your variable cost were risk per ton were essentially flat in the quarter. So I'm wondering if you could just expand on what part of your cost structure is actually inflationary now. And, you know, if we just straight line the performance into the first quarter with normal seasonality, that would imply cost per ton are about flat year over year in the first quarter, which I just wanna make sure that's right considering the pricing outlook relative to that is is pretty I think I'll take that one. I think I would not call cost flat. I would call them up mid to single digit, and I think pretty consistently through the year. Now remember, quarter to quarter cost is gonna be choppy. It's just to make sure it'll be. So really kinda need to look at it on a trailing twelve-month basis. Fourth quarter was encouraging, but we gotta we gotta string that together. If you look at inflation, I don't think there's any deflation or on anything out there that I could think of. You know, as we guide to to twenty five, I would tell you diesel up slightly. Wages, mid-single digit. Electricity, up high single digit. And all of that partially offset by improved operating efficiencies. So but but, you know, I I would not guide you to to to flat. I think you would stay in that longer term that that low to mid-single-digit cost performance.
Jerry Revich: Nice performance. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley.
Angel Castillo: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to go back to the comments on private non-resi. Utah about potential for kind of starts to maybe bottom in the middle of the year and maybe even rebound in the second half. Can you just maybe help us understand, I guess, what what you're seeing or hearing, you know, whether it's from from your customers or terms of quoting activity and maybe just kinda what gives you confidence on on that kind of of a cadence.
Tom Hill: Yeah. So I I think let me be clear. I think we we do see non-residential construction shipments are still down in 2025. I think the good news is we're starting to see some term in that performance. Data centers will be a bright spot, and most of the planned data centers are in our footprint. And while warehouses has been a big drag, and will be addressed still a drag in the near future, I think that's changing. And if you look at a number of our markets, on a trailing three-month basis, we've seen that turn positive. Not everywhere, but it started to turn. So I and then so so I think you're starting to see some green shoots. I think you're starting to see some some some things turn. A lot of money sitting on the sidelines. Light traditional non-res is still is still a drag, but that gonna follow subdivision, so it's gonna take a while. So while nonresidential construction will be negative in 2025, we think it should gradually get better as we progress through the year, which kind of sets us up for a for a more positive outlook at this point, very preliminary for 2026.
Angel Castillo: Cell phone, any anything in the quoting activity that you're saying?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So we're we're there's that's interesting. I'm glad you asked that. For the last six months, we've quoted a lot of non-res work that has that is still sitting on the sidelines. So we think there's pent-up demand there, but I think people wanna see more. They and they're hoping interest rates go down and but that's good news because the you know, at some point in time, that money will go to work.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Tom, congrats on another strong quarter. I had a few questions around the the pricing commentary. You talked about a hundred basis point drag on pricing mix from these recent deals. Can you give us a sense how much lower is ASP for some of these deals versus the corporate average? And how quickly do you think you can narrow that over time?
Tom Hill: So I I substantially lower. I mean and and I'm not gonna quote numbers on that, but if it had a over a hundred base basis points on the whole company, it's it is lower. We've already started that work. I think we were successful with January price increases in in in those markets, and we'll continue that as we progress the next few quarters and years, I don't think it takes us long to get it back up to where a more reasonable bulk in market would look like.
Phil Ng: Okay. And then separately from a pricing standpoint, if I account for the hundred basis points, you're you're still talking about really good pricing, but perhaps little softer than the high single-digit framework you gave us last quarter? Any puts and takes you wanna give us a little more color because it doesn't sound like you know, timing is a real issue for you, Jen versus April. Like your competitors. So just give us some puts and take on perhaps, what you're seeing in in the marketplace on on price.
Tom Hill: I think we were pretty consistent throughout our geographies on price increases. Same thing within uses. The I think you gotta remember you while you're a little lower than double-digit maybe, oh, same store, high single-digit. You also are not looking at double-digit cost increases. You're looking at mid to low. So we continue that trend of of taking money to the bottom line, which is the most important thing we can do is grow our unit margins by double digits, you've seen us do that over the last couple of years, and I think you'll see us do that. But that's what our guide is for 2025, and I think we feel pretty good about.
Phil Ng: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Dahl with RBC.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Susan, you obviously put a lot of capital to work with the acquisitions. They did come with some some mix of downstream businesses. Can you help us understand kinda how you view the down portion, whether those are businesses that are likely to stay within the portfolio, and and what is or is not incorporated into the guide with respect to that?
Tom Hill: So the acquisitions are pretty new. They were very successfully run. With good management team and good assets. Like anything else, we're gonna look at this set as a set of assets. And if it fits us, we'll run it. If it if it earns appropriate return that suits us, we'll run it. If it is more valuable someone else, then we'll we'll divest of that. And we'll take those proceeds and put them back in the aggregate.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: And in terms of the guide, Mike, the the guide, you know, we own the businesses, like we do, maybe for a little helpful context for you, you know, we commented in the prepared remarks that a hundred and fifty million dollars of EBITDA contribution from the acquisitions. That's about sixty percent. In the aggregate segment, and about forty percent of that would be contributing to the to the downstream businesses.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning, guys. Congrats on the Q4 beat. Mary Andrews, do you have the well, I was also curious about the downstream portion because that was a pretty big increase year over year. So that looks like it's from acquisitions I was curious if you have the the three sixty is cash gross profit. Do you have that on a reported basis?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: You know, we're I'm gonna let's stick with the three sixty for now, and we can we can talk offline about some more specifics. But maybe what would be helpful to you is the improvement in the cash gross profit contribution from the downstream business is about seventy-five percent of that overall improvement is is from the acquisitions. We also see you know, improvement in the underlying business in in both segments. And that's about twenty-five percent of the improvement year over year.
Adam Thalhimer: That helps. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Timna Stanners.
Timna Stanners: Yeah. Hey. Good morning. I wanted to ask you a little bit about the m and a landscape after the deal you just finished, you know, what how you're looking at 2025 that they could build from what you just accomplished. And then if I could sneak in a question on Mexico, any update on the Calico quarry restitution efforts? With the USMCA panel? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yeah. So on I think there's still a very healthy pipeline of m and a. There's a number of projects we're working on. It'll take some, you know, it'll take some time, but I think we'll continue to be successful with that as we go through 2025. On Mexico, I think the the short answer there is no real news there. We're still waiting on the the tribunal to make a decision. We feel very good about our case. And think we will win that, and we'll know, we'll they make a decision, we'll let you guys know. We are anticipating that sometime this year.
Timna Stanners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Garik Smois with Loop Capital.
Garik Smois: Great. Thanks for taking my question. We spoke to the pricing cadence being similar this year as opposed the last. So what about the hear your thoughts on midyear increases, what opportunities you see there potentially, and what the what the time frame could be.
Tom Hill: Yeah. So they are not included in our guide. But we will absolutely announce midyear price increases. We will announce those probably towards the end of the first quarter, so we got time to have those conversations. Again, as I always remind you, mid year's will have a bigger impact on 2026 than they will in 2025. But you also do you know, and I it's too early to call how successful those will be, but we'll for sure gonna announce them. We'll have conversation with customers and we'll see where we go from there.
Garik Smois: Great. Do you do you have, by chance, how much 2024 midyears are impacting 2025?
Tom Hill: Well, that's a really that's a really hard to parse out. They definitely had an impact. I think we're pleased with part of the things that they do is help you give notice to your customers so they have more time to react. Which allows us to be more successful for a January one. So some of it is amplitude, the price, and some of it is timing. But it definitely helps both.
Garik Smois: Understood. Thanks for that, and best of luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Keith Hughes with Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Thank you. I I guess I have a short-term weather question that everybody asked me. For the date is whether it's supportive of shipments or if we still had delays year over year. Some of the storm might go to. So short term and January, February has been very cold. We're gonna see that this week with with cold and snow. So not a great start. But, you know, we when we when we put a plan together, we expect weather impact at some point in time of the year. We expect to get to get lucky in some quarters. We're trying to look at more normalized weather as as we make a prediction is and we've in our guidance, think as we pointed out, Q3 was particularly challenged last year. Hopefully, that'll be easy comp in in in the middle of the season. So, hopefully, that'll help us. Ex hurricanes.
Keith Hughes: Exactly. And one other question on the the Southern California acquisition. Is that particularly the downstream, does that mix and well the current operations at Vulcan or is that operate more as a standalone entity?
Tom Hill: So if you look at the overall, it fits us very well. Particularly on Agri's perspective. We we know we don't have a lot of downstream ready mix in those markets, but it also has some asphalt that fits. So part of it fits in aggregate and asphalt as far as us being there. And then the ReadyBags, they have an excellent position in those markets, but we we were not in the Ready Mix business in those markets.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brent Thalmann with D. A. Davidson.
Brent Thalmann: Hey, bud. Hey. Thanks. Hey. Tom, I had a question more on maybe the direct impacts of tariffs on your business and then Mexico is not really in the conversation, but we're thinking more along the West Coast and and what you know, Vulcan's response is gonna be to the extent that tariffs are implemented on some of your assets shipping down from Canada.
Tom Hill: Well, I think our our our will fall the letter of the law. We've looked at that. It is a pretty negligible impact for us. And, you know, whatever it is, we'll handle handling the business. But I I wouldn't it it it doesn't move the needle.
Brent Thalmann: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: It will take our next question from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Morning, Tom Amargary Andrews. Morning. Right. Tom with the very solid pricing, it looks like for 2025, even though it's accelerated from 24, do you do you sense this is you know, even, like, say, your organic volumes are flat and it kinda flattish on the overall market? This look like maybe a more normalized level pricing relative to the history span, or is there still room for upside on that going? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I think that, you know, there's always upside on price. You gotta earn that with your customers. Obviously, growing demand always helps that. And we haven't seen growing demand now for for for a few years. Which puts some pressure on price. But I think if you look at the bulk of the way of selling and the way we service our customers, I think we earn price, and I think we're doing that. And I can see that in in our performance in 24 and I got in 25.
Operator: Will take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Good morning, David. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Tom. Congratulations on a really strong quarter. Performance. I I wanted to ask you about pricing and the volking the volking way of selling. And and clearly, this process has been very successful, and delivered some very visible results. But your market's evolved, and I'm thinking, for example, if you're ready mix and fixed plant customers who in many instances are now paying more for their limestone than they are for the cement, then, I guess, secondly, your Vulcan way of operating process is giving you better incremental unit cost. Does the profitability algorithm sort of adjust at some point to rely on slightly smaller price increases in favor of larger unit shift gains that are achieved maybe in the way of market share gains from competitors who are continuing to push hard on price increases.
Tom Hill: Yeah. Let me be clear. I wish we had some in pricing. We don't. It's much lower than cement pricing, but also that cost is much lower. I think that as you as you look forward, I think the the what I would go back to the strategic initiatives of both of selling and bulk of offering. In-depth much better in-depth look into what's going on in the market. And gives your salespeople the tools price better, and also gives them logistics. Another tools to better service your customers. I think on the bulk way of operating, it allows for better training and better operators in how we inspect our equipment and reduce downtime and also the the technology allows for better throughput and throughput of critical sizes. Put those two together, and I think both of them have a lot better chance of meeting history both to both the sales piece and the operating piece which leads you to better opportunities on unit margin growth that, again, will be history, and you've seen us do that you know, it's it's over over the last nine quarters, a double-digit improvement. So that's not happening by accident, and it doesn't have by act happen by accident going forward. Again, if you you know, that's over time frames when volumes have actually gone down. This year, we're calling it flat. But when volumes come back, you would have even better opportunity to improve your unit margins both on the price side and on the cost side.
David MacGregor: Yeah. Okay. Alright. Thanks, Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. It appears we have no further questions in the queue. I will turn the program back to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Yes. Thank you for your time and your interest in Vulcan Materials today. We appreciate the relationship. We hope that you and your family stay safe, particularly with all the weather we're having. And we look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome, everyone, to the Vulcan Materials Company Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Angela, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. Please be reminded that today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later today at the company's website. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company's prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Now, I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website vulcanmaterials.com. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. During the Q&A, we ask that you limit your participation to one question. This will allow us to accommodate as many as possible during our time we have available. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining our call this morning. We continue to execute on our two-pronged strategy to deliver attractive long-term value creation for our shareholders. Results and activities in the third quarter demonstrate our success in consistently expanding our aggregate new profitability and successfully expanding our reach through strategic acquisition opportunities. Despite the disruption of four hurricanes impacting our industry-leading Southeast footprint, both gross margin and adjusted EBITDA margin expanded in the quarter. And year-over-year aggregates cash gross profit per ton increased double-digits for the eighth consecutive quarter, a testament to the benefits of our unwavering focus on our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines. In the quarter, we generated $581 million of adjusted EBITDA, a modest decline versus the prior year given 10% lower aggregate shipments and the prior year earnings contribution from the now divested Texas concrete business. Shipments in the quarter varied widely month-to-month and across geographies reflecting the interruption caused by extreme weather events. So let me walk you through how the quarter played out. In July, seven of our top 10 markets experienced significant year-over-year increases in rainfall and the first of four hurricanes, Hurricane Beryl made landfall in our footprint. Average daily shipments were down mid-teens for the month. Shipments in August rebounded after a slow start due to Hurricane Debby tracking up the East Coast. Daily shipments in August, excluding the two shipping days most impacted by the hurricane, were only down 4%, consistent with our non-weather impacted demand view. As we are all aware, Hurricane Helene, the second of two September hurricanes, devastated many communities across Florida, Western North Carolina, East Tennessee and other parts of the Southeast. I am thankful to report that all of our employees are safe and I'm proud of their immediate efforts to help our communities and neighbors. The catastrophic destruction in Western North Carolina and East Tennessee is both tragic and historic. Vulcan Materials is well-positioned in the affected areas to support the immense rebuilding efforts that will be required. Due to the storm, shipments were down approximately 25% in the final week of September, resulting in quarterly shipments finishing 10% below the prior year. In spite of the challenges from volume, the pricing environment remains positive. Freight adjusted average selling prices improved 10% year-over-year with increases widespread across geographies. We continue to use our Vulcan Way of Selling disciplines and processes to deliver value to our customers and earn their daily business. We also remain focused on our Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines to drive efficiencies and lower unit cost. Although, weather and lower volumes were an even more significant headwind in the third quarter than the prior quarter, the rate of cost increases moderated. At the end of September, we announced the acquisition of Wake Stone Corporation, a leading pure-play aggregate supplier in the Carolinas. This acquisition is consistent with our aggregates led growth strategy and will be a great addition to the Vulcan family. We look forward to welcoming the Wake Stone team upon closing later this year. Now, shifting to demand. The overall demand environment is improving, but with different dynamics impacting each end use. Higher single-family starts over the last 3 months and 12 months provide a solid backdrop for growing single-family demand, particularly with potentially lower mortgage rates on the horizon to help address the ongoing affordability issue. Multifamily starts remain weak but should also benefit from a lower interest rate environment. Fundamentally, there is a consistent need for additional housing in Vulcan markets, which bodes well for future residential construction activity. In private non-residential construction, demand remains varied across categories. Most categories will benefit from improving interest rates since projects in the planning and design pipeline have been accumulating for some time now. Warehouse activity remains a headwind, but comps are easing and start seem to be stabilizing near pre-COVID levels. Data centers are still robust and manufacturing remains a catalyst in some of our markets. Overtime, light commercial activity should follow the positive trends in single-family housing. We are closely monitoring the macro dynamics and likely timing of private non-residential activity making the turn. On the public side, we continue to expect steady growth for multiple years. Our booking activity points to the conversion of growth in contract awards now flowing into aggregate shipments. I am confident we are well-positioned to finish the year strong and deliver approximately $2 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2024. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews to discuss a few more details about the quarter and 2024 before I share some preliminary views of 2025. Mary Andrews?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Tom covered for you some of our important achievements in the aggregates business during the third quarter. I want to highlight a few other items that underpin our confidence in the durability of our business and the solid execution of our team. Our downstream businesses continue to strategically complement our aggregates franchise and select markets. The asphalt business maintained healthy margins at nearly 16% in the third quarter and cash unit profitability improved 11%. Our concrete business on the East Coast also delivered unit profitability improvement, while the lower volumes related to weak private demand in Northern California compressed margins in our West Coast concrete business. Our SAG expenses in the quarter were $129 million or 6.4% of revenues, 10% lower than the prior year and 20 basis points favorable as a percent of revenues. We remain dedicated to both disciplined cost control and making strategic investments in talent and technology to support our business and drive innovation. Through the first nine months we have generated nearly $1 billion of operating cash flow through our constant focus on maximizing our cash gross profit on every ton of aggregates we sell. After reinvesting over $400 million to sustain and improve our existing operations and grow our business through Greenfield development, we have yielded a 36% increase in free cash flow to deploy for expanding our reach through M&A and returning cash to shareholders. Year-to-date, we have allocated $206 million through strategic bolt-on acquisitions and return $252 million to shareholders through dividends and common stock repurchases. For the full year, we now expect to spend between $625 million and $650 million of capital expenditures. Our balance sheet position provides us the strength and flexibility to grow. At September 30, net debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA leverage was 1.5x, giving us ample investment capacity within our target leverage range of 2x to 2.5x to fund the Wake Stone acquisition and other growth opportunities that will drive long-term value creation for shareholders. We continue to focus on our return on invested capital, which was 16.1%, a 70 basis points improvement over the last 12 months with higher adjusted EBITDA generated on lower average invested capital. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide some preliminary thoughts on 2025 and a few closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. As I look at 2025 and contemplate the demand backdrop, I expect aggregate shipments to grow next year. Public construction activity remains robust and the environment is improving for the private construction activity. I am confident that Vulcan Materials will continue to execute at a high level and compound our industry-leading cash gross profit per ton at double-digit levels. I expect aggregate price to continue to outpace historical norms and improve by high-single-digit in 2025. I also expect year-over-year cost trends to improve through a combination of execution on our Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines to drive improved efficiencies in our operations and moderating inflation. Vulcan Materials has the right products, aggregates in the right markets, but more importantly, I am confident we have the right focus and the right people to execute our strategy and deliver earnings growth in 2025. And now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks for having me on today. I was hoping to go over --
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Garik Shmois: Hey, good morning. I was hoping you go over a little more detail on the high-single-digit pricing outlook for next year. How much carryover is there for mid-years from this year? Any help on the pacing for pricing next year and any mix impacts we should be thinking about either from a product mix or a geographic mix standpoint?
Tom Hill: Yes. First of all, I don't think we have any mix put in there. But let me go back in time a little bit. If you look at our mid-year price increases, they were largely as expected, kind of by market and by customer, very much similar to last year. And so that's a really healthy start for 2025 and I think that if you take mid-year price increases and couple that with what we see in our backlogs, it allows us to carry very good price momentum and visibility into next year. As we said in the press release, I think our preliminary view is high-single-digit increases for 2025. I think I'm confident in that. If you combine that with cost increases, which continue to moderate, I think it makes me feel really good about the continued double-digit unit margin growth throughout 2025. As you heard us say in the prepared remarks, we had eight quarters of double-digit cash gross profit per ton growth and remember, seven of those eight quarters we were dealing with declining volumes. So I think we're confident we continue that streak in 2025. I guess, my -- I want to thank my teams. That's tough to do given the challenges that we've seen with weather and volume throughout this year, particularly in the third quarter. But I think they continue that success into next year. And what that tells me is that the Vulcan team is in control of the destiny to control what they can control.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And remember Garik, too, the reason we are so focused on that unit profitability improvement that Tom was talking about is that maximizing cash gross profit on every ton is the key to our free cash flow generation. To me, it's notable that on lower ag volumes and lower revenues year-to-date, EBITDA margin has expanded and free cash flow has increased 36%. So, as Tom said, our teams have executed very well in a really challenging environment. And frankly, I think they've provided a perfect example of just how durable this business is.
Garik Shmois: Yes, makes sense. Thanks for the color, Tom.
Operator: We'll go next to Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning, Tom. Good morning, Mary Andrews. Hope everybody's doing well. So I know it's not always perfect science here, easy to do. But as you look at the quarter, can you try to parse out kind of what the weather impacts may have been versus demand and maybe how each played a role in the down 10% volume that we saw here in 3Q?
Tom Hill: Yes. We tried to parse that out a little bit by month in the quarter, but obviously weather has been a big story this year, and the third quarter underscored that story. If you look at the year we've had, 17 out of our 20 largest markets with more rain than prior year. I would call underlying demand kind of still down mid-single-digit ex-weather. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we saw Hurricane Milton give us a tough start. But since then we've seen good weather and we've seen our daily shipping rates bounce back, which is encouraging. But to get us back down to earth is still Q4. So how we finished the fourth quarter, I think will just depend on the number of good weather shipping days. So far so good at this point, but we got to see, I think, again in spite of extreme weather and volumes, our folks continue to expand unit margin by double-digits. So we can't control the weather, but we control how we service our customers and price and cost. But again, I would call underlying demand, mid-single-digit and the rest weather and we'll just see how the weather allows us to finish the fourth quarter.
Trey Grooms: Got it. Thanks for that. And I'm sticking to one question, but I did want to congratulate you on the nice improvement there in gross profit per unit -- cash gross profit per unit, especially despite the volume headwinds that you had. So thanks, and --
Tom Hill: I appreciate that. I give all the credit to the people that sell and crush rock.
Trey Grooms: There you go. Okay, I'll pass it on. Thanks, everybody.
Tom Hill: Thanks, man.
Operator: We will go next to Keith Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Questions on volume in 2025, I know you said they're going to be up, but we have some pretty easy comps with this weather you discussed. How much could it be up and is to getting the pricing that you just discussed for 2025 or you think you'll have to walk away from some shipments in order to get pricing that high?
Tom Hill: I don't think that there's any -- if we look at the kind of the volume growth at low-single-digit, I don't think you're looking at any share moving around. I look at volume to 2025. First of all, you're going to have some push from 2024 to 2025, obviously, that volume doesn't go away, it just pushes back, so that that'll be a little bit of a tailwind for us. And we'll continue to, I think experience demand challenges from like non-res and warehouse construction. Hopefully that drop is slowing. I do think we'll see overall growth in residential construction, some challenges on multi, but I think single is and will bounce and then we'll see growth on the public side. So a little bit early to call 2025, flurry thoughts would be kind of low-single-digit with no impact from price.
Keith Hughes: And that's assuming normal weather.
Tom Hill: I don't know what normal is anyway…
Keith Hughes: Whatever normal is?
Tom Hill: Yes, yes.
Keith Hughes: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Tom, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Wake Stone, just kind of how long you've been looking at that business and maybe the profile, the assets in terms of kind of the per unit profitability, how it sort of stands up against a larger company. Just any other details you could share?
Tom Hill: Yes. We've known the brand for years and they run a good company. We looking at closing that business later this year, so not much of an impact, I would say, for this year. They operate in the triangle region of Eastern North Carolina, the Raleigh, Durham, Chapel Hill, and that's one of the 10 fastest growing regions in the country, so a great market. I had the pleasure of meeting with the entire Wake Stone team a few weeks ago. They're a talented bunch and we look forward to them joining the Vulcan family. We are confident that this will have substantial value creation for our shareholders. And I think we're like our strategy, we will say this is expanding our reach into some very attractive aggregate markets.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. Is there a rough estimate of tonnage or should we wait for that?
Tom Hill: Historically, they've been in the 8 million to 9 million ton range.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it, got it. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my question today. You touched on earlier in the Q&A about the volumes down 10%, yet, you were able to get double-digit cash gross profit per ton in the quarter. And you helped us bridge how this is achieved. Following in on that, compare and contrast what happened this quarter and in terms of what your outlook is in 2025 and are there any particular aspects, including cost, that could be different in 2025 versus current quarter? And then maybe also talk about what will be unchanged and what are the things that allow to put up double-digit cash gross profit per ton, even in space of double-digit volume declines. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think this kind of goes, that, that is the disciplines of the Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating and that's kind of simply put, you saw us continue pricing disciplines throughout this year. And I thought the teams did a good job with that. I think that they did a good job with mid-years, which helps us carry good momentum into 2025 from a pricing perspective. And then the conversations that we've had for the January 1 pricing, they're not complete, but they're pretty far down the road. And so that gives us some confidence of that high-single-digit from a pricing perspective. On the cost side, we've been sitting here facing double-digit cost, unit costs for a number of quarters now, which quite candidly is extremely high. A lot of that is inflation driven. Some of that this year is impacted by weather and by volume. But I think that our operating teams continue to execute on the disciplines from an operating perspective. And that is plant availability, throughput, tons per hour, tons per man hour, and all the metrics that go into what drives cost. So while we continue, I think good pricing momentum going into 2025, I think we are starting to see our cost increases moderate and that's a combination, I think of inflation moderating but also our operating efficiencies improving. And as far as those operating efficiencies, I think we got a long way to go. We were I guess put back a little bit this year because of inclement weather which gives you wet sticky material, it's hard to operate. So I would expect over the next few quarters that to the operating efficiency to continue to improve.
Kathryn Thompson: Great. Thanks so much and best of luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Jerry. Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning, Tom, Mary Andrews, Mark, congratulations on the strong unit profitability given the volumes this quarter, mind as well. I want to ask the pricing sequentially I thought was quite constructive given the disruption in terms of relative to an attractive part of your footprint here. Can you just talk about how the weaker volumes this year are impacting the pricing cadence, if at all? I'm assuming new spot market business would have come online were it not for the demand decline. And how does that impact the planned pricing cadence in terms of the price increases that you've announced to customers for January 1 for 2025 compared to the cadence of pricing actions that you took in the beginning of 2024 just to calibrate us?
Tom Hill: Look, demand, I mean volumes going down never helps price. But I think that the visibility to coming demand both on the public side, particularly on the public side, but now also we think some growth on the private side and residential are helpful for price. I think as far as you know, we talked about mid-year price increases that's a good up for 2025. It helped a little bit in 2024. I think if you look at the cadence in 2024, we were probably up a little bit higher from Q1 and Q2 than last year, probably not quite as high from Q2 into Q3, but that's just timing. And so I think that you put all that together where demand has been a drag I think is us and our customers look to 2025. I think the future looks much better from a public side and from a residential side and probably not as bad from a non-residential side. You pull that together. I think we're encouraged by opportunities for price and unit margin as we look out to 2025.
Jerry Revich: And sorry, Tom, can you comment on the timing part of that question, January 1 versus April 1? How does that look in terms of your plans for all compared to the --
Tom Hill: Yes. The vast majority of our prices will be January 1. I'm trying to think if there's any, there will be April. I'm sure there's a minority out there, but none that I can think of right off top of my head. So we -- that's changed -- been changed now for two or three years, and I don't -- I expect to continue January 1.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: And just Jerry, talking about the sequential price, you're right. We thought that third quarter sequentially played out in line with what we expected, given the execution on the mid-year increases. So good momentum moving into the fourth quarter, which obviously we don't usually see sequential growth that too much mix really to call that, but tremendous momentum moving into 2025 and those January 1 increases.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Brent Thielman: Hey, thanks. Hey, good morning. Thanks. Tom, I know a lot of attention on the private sector for 2025 and what may come, but on infrastructure, I mean, I know some of the leading indicators out there showed some flattening at relatively high level. Guess my question is, do you think your business can still see an acceleration in those volumes next year? I know you've got the weather stuff this year, but also just thinking about a lot of projects that are just still getting going that have been released over the last couple of years. So wanted to get your sense around that.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think we feel good about the public side. I think we're seeing the IIJA and state and local funds flow into highways now. Overall, we see public demand growth. It's -- this year similar to our expectations, steady growth as we look forward. And then if you look over beyond IIJA, you've got substantial state funding. Texas and California are two of our largest states and they're at record letting levels. And then you got Georgia, Tennessee, Florida, South Carolina, that all approved large additional funding, state funding. You put all that together, it'll impact some lettings in 2025, which will help us, but it'll go past that. So you got six of our largest states at record funding levels and that should support public demand this year, next year, and obviously the next three or four years. And then you've got the other infrastructure over beyond highways to support by IIJA that is a little better than we would have expected at this point. So feel pretty good about the public side.
Brent Thielman: Very good. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys, how are you doing? I guess, from a cost per ton standpoint, how should we think about the fourth quarter? Does that start to normalize? And we look out to 2025; your gross profit per ton has been pretty stellar, despite weaker volumes, does that accelerate a little more, as we get a little more volume growth as we think about next year in terms of cost per ton coming down as well?
Tom Hill: I would expect, simply cost -- the cost increases to start moderating. But I think if you -- despite the volumes and the weather challenges that we had in the quarter, we continue to moderate that cost looking backwards and that we stick on material hurts that efficiency. So volume growth in a more normal weather pattern, coupled with the continued implementation of the Vulcan Way of Operating, I think will help our cost issues as we move forward and support that double-digit margin growth. So simply put it, I would expect our cost pressures to start easing over the next few quarters.
Phil Ng: Can we get it back normal, like in that low to mid-single-digit range in the fourth quarter or it's going to take a little longer? And is that a good basis for 2025?
Tom Hill: That's a great target. But that's the target. I'm not paying in victory on that one yet, but yes, that's our goal is to get it back down to normal.
Phil Ng: Okay. All right. Super. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hi, Timna.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning. Hello. I wanted to ask, if I could, about capital allocation, just shifting gears. So you paused the buyback, wondering why given such a strong free cash flow the quarter. You talked about more M&A. Is there still some left? I know you accentuated that on the last call. And just wondering in general if you can talk about other uses, including debt paydown potentially into next year with a maturity in the second quarter? Thanks.
Tom Hill: So I'll let Mary Andrews go first with capital, and then I'll talk about acquisitions.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. Timna, I think through the first nine months, our capital allocation decisions have been consistent with what we always communicate, which is the biggest gating item for us is always growth opportunities. We've obviously announced the Wake Stone opportunity and the pipeline remains active. So I think there's other opportunities ahead of us. We obviously have the balance sheet well-positioned to fund those growth opportunities. And also, as you mentioned, are taking into account the notes that are coming due in April of next year.
Tom Hill: On M&A, I think we saw us close a couple of small bolt-ons in Alabama and Texas earlier in the year where obviously, we're excited about Wake Stone, and looking forward to closing that one. That aside, I think the M&A pipeline remains active. We're working on some other opportunities that we hope to get to the finish line and talk about in the next few quarters.
Timna Tanners: Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hey, Mike.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Mary Andrews. Good morning, Mary Andrews, Mark, and Tom. Tom, back to looking maybe at the private sector, can you maybe share how your manufacturing, industrial energy customers, how their plans, their back -- how your backlog looks relative to that market? And have you sensed any maybe generally, maybe definitely on the private side, across the board, any hesitancy because of the election and once that gets through? And with maybe rates certainly hopefully normalizing though the market is not cooperating in the last couple of weeks of that giving you a little more better tailwinds to some of the volume numbers that you're sharing with us today?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think, obviously, the warehouses and distribution centers and the like that have been challenges. That being said, I think the drop on that is easing. And as you said, it's offset with heavy and heavy manufacturing and data centers that's been a good tailwind for us. That continues to be a good tailwind for us going into 2025. But I think it's insightful about what you said about what's in the pipeline. I think there's a lot of projects on hold. If you talk to a number of our customers and the large general contractors, they're bidding a lot of work, but nobody is pushing the button. I think that with election being over, interest rates easing, hopefully in the second half of next year, we'll some -- see some of these come off the sideline. But there is a lot of pent-up out there that's kind of a wait and see. So we hope that a number of factors helps ease that, and we see some of that come off. Second half of -- that will impact second half of 2025, but probably a bigger impact on 2026.
Michael Dudas: Thank you, Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hey, good morning.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Tom, I want to kind of come back to some prior comments. But where are you all on the plant technology journey that you talked about at the Analyst Day? And what do you think that those efficiencies mean increasing cost call it, disinflation perspective over the next couple of years? I mean, does it shave a point or two off of those unit costs? Just any way to frame it? I'm just trying to understand just how idiosyncratic it is bolt-on.
Tom Hill: It's insight -- your insight -- your -- what your question is a cycle because it's a big deal for us. We're still pretty early stages. I think we probably have that fully implemented in 25%, 30% of our operations. The capital cost is spent on the remaining operations. Remember, it's about the top 110, 120 plants which is about 70%, 75% of our production. What we're seeing out of that is double-digit throughput improvements on the plants where it's fully implemented. Long ways to go on that one. I think we make that journey throughout 2025. The weather probably didn't help us with some of that stuff and some of the distractions we have with storms, but I think that Pruitt and team are making good progress there, and I think they'll get that done sometime early 2026. And it's hard -- really hard to call. And we spent some time trying to do it. What is the dollar impact for us? And I think we quit doing that and we'll concentrate on what's the throughput impact because we know its degrees of goods. So -- we'll hopefully finish that journey by first or second quarter of 2026. But you are correct; it will have an impact on our cost.
Tyler Brown: Excellent. Yes, that’s extremely helpful. Thanks.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning, guys.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: I'm still a little fuzzy. What do you want us to plug in for volumes in Q4? And then Tom, how much demand variability are you seeing by state?
Tom Hill: So on Q4, if you give me the weather report for November, December, I'll give you the volume for Q4. It's just -- it's a hard one to call because it's so dicey. Like I said, October started off slow, but bounced really good. And it's been dry in October, and we shipped appropriately well. But November, December, we all know what can happen in those. So kind of a hard one to call. I would call you to underlying demand for the year is at that probably mid -- down mid-single-digits. We've seen some balance of that in October. But again, it's how many shipping days that we have.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Adam, I think overall, our volume guidance from the second quarter was minus 4% to minus 7%, and that's still what we expect for the full year on a demand environment, like Tom described, is down mid-single-digits and the rest of that weather impacted. So where we fall within that will depend on how fourth quarter plays out.
Tom Hill: I'm sorry. What was your second question?
Adam Thalhimer: Demand variability by state.
Tom Hill: That was hard to call because who get washed out -- who got washed out what month this year. But I think all of them are okay. I don't see the -- Illinois has been a challenge with the public side, more of a challenge than most of our states. I think Virginia has had its share of challenges. Northern California has been challenged. And the rest of them, I think, kind of in that low to mid-single-digit rate down of what we've seen, so. And the Southeast is probably healthiest. In Texas, when if you look at Texas, when it quit rain, we should actually shipped quite well, but they got boiling out in the first half of the year, but the second half has been better. But I think most of them are consistently kind of down in that mid-single-digit except for the challenged ones I would call out would be Northern California, Illinois, may kind of Virginia area.
Adam Thalhimer: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Follow-up on Wake Stone, so I appreciate the volume comment. Can you help us understand just how pricing looks both in terms of kind of where you stand -- where that business stands relative to your core portfolio? And also just how their pricing strategy has looked over the past couple of years relative to the strategy you employ and what you can do with that? And then if I could sneak one more on Wake and just any sense of kind of the cash outlay to close the acquisition?
Tom Hill: So you probably don't love my answer, but that's -- as you know, that's a new market for us. We've not been in that in the Raleigh, Durham, Chapel Hill market before. So kind of new ground from a commercial perspective. So -- and we've got to get it closed. So a little bit early for me to make any calls how we operate -- how they operate today or what we would do differently, if anything, in those markets. So that was -- let me get it closed. Let me get a little digested, understand the markets, and we could be -- give a much better answer on that. As a practice, we don't typically disclose purchase price of acquisitions that aren't material to the company. So again, give us a little time on these things, and let's get it closed, and we can be a lot clear on Wake Stone. We are like I said, very excited about this. We're excited about the team, the Wake team, who we think is very talented. We're excited about the assets and we think the markets are a good addition to that Southeastern footprint and in markets where we can be a leader in the market. So excited about it, and we'll have to get back with you a little more information when we can after we close it.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe I wanted to expand on that conversation a little bit more. As you think about more high-level kind of competitive pricing dynamics across your markets, just what are you seeing from maybe kind of the private side of competition in terms of being disciplined on price? And what does that kind of tell you about the price disparity of potential acquisition opportunities versus your corporate level?
Tom Hill: It's hard for me to really comment on competitors pricing. Obviously, we get information about markets. But I think that as people look at the aggregates business, they understand the value of the rock in the ground and that's a depleting asset and you shouldn't give it away because you can't replace those tons and people understand that they got to make a return on investment, whether that's the private side or the public side. So I think that the pricing in the aggregates business is -- has always been good and will continue to be good. And I think the onset of growing public demand and potentially growing private demand only helps that situation.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Michael Feniger: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for squeezing me in guys. Just Tom, if you could just talk about, I mean, a few years ago, you guys had a target of $11 to $12 cash gross profit per ton on a much higher number of tonnage you're kind of doing today. So just -- how should we kind thing about that as we're starting to close in on that figure? How are you guys kind of thinking about that? And now that we're moving into next year, it looks like we're going to be starting to see some volume increase or at least to end these volume declines.
Tom Hill: Well, the short answer to that we got to give you new goals. We reached a lot faster than what we thought we would have. My hats off to my division presidents and all those division employees who accelerated that, that target a lot lower volumes than I would have expected, particularly in the face of, as I said, seven or eight quarters of falling demand. They just have done a good job, and they've executed on the Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating. But the short answer is, we owe ourselves and you do goals because we're basing down that $11 right now, and we plan on getting some of those new goals in the not-too-distant future.
Michael Feniger: Great. And if I could just maybe squeeze one more in. I'd love to get a sense, Andrews, just on -- for next year, maybe just moving pieces for free cash flow. Obviously, CapEx has done some acquisitions. Just kind of how to think about that as we're moving into 2025, some of the buckets there in terms of working capital or CapEx in next year. Thank you, everyone.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. Mike, obviously, in February, we'll give full 2025 guidance and include a lot of the things that you just mentioned. But specific to CapEx, we believe we've been reinvesting at appropriate levels for the current business needs. If you look over the last five years, that's ranged 8% to 9% of revenues. As Tom said, we don't even have the acquisitions closed yet. So I don't have a specific view on what CapEx will look like for the acquired operations next year. But as you model, I think that our historical level is a reasonable place to be.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to our presenters for any additional remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you for your time. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. We hope that you and your families are safe and healthy during the holiday season and look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome, everyone, to the Vulcan Materials Company Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Todd, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. Please be reminded that today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later today at the company's website. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website vulcanmaterials.com. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. [Operator Instructions]. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. Our results demonstrate how our teams have successfully navigated a challenging first half of the year. Unfavorable weather conditions in many key markets impacted our shipments and operating efficiencies. Our second quarter performance reinforces our consistent execution the durable characteristics of our aggregates-led business and the benefits of our continued focus on both enhancing our core and expanding our reach. Even in the face of lower aggregate shipments, and weather-driven inefficiencies, our teams delivered a seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year improvement in aggregates unit profitability. In our trailing 12 months, average cash gross profit per ton has reached $9.96 per ton, marking consistent progress towards our $11 to $12 target. These achievements exhibit the benefits of our commitment to enhancing our core through our Vulcan selling and Vulcan way of operating disciplines. But our strategy is two-pronged, and we are also focused on expanding our reach. During the second quarter, we closed two strategic bolt-on acquisitions. These acquisitions enhance both our aggregate production and distribution capabilities and our downstream asphalt business in Alabama, Texas, two of our top 10 states. In the quarter, we generated $603 million of adjusted EBITDA and expanded our adjusted EBITDA margin by 170 basis points despite 5% lower area shipments. Shipments in the quarter were negatively impacted by a significant number of rain days in many markets, particularly in May across 70% of our geographies and in select key markets in April and June. The pricing environment remained positive and freight-adjusted average selling prices improved 12% on or $2.29 per ton versus the prior year. Freight adjusted unit cash cost of sales increased 13% or $1.13 per ton. Most importantly, cash gross profit per ton improved over $1 per ton or 12%. We remain consistently focused on improving unit profitability on every ton we sell to maximize earnings and aeration in any man environment. Let me share with you my thoughts on the current demand backdrop by discussing each end use. Single family starts again recovering in the second half of last year and continue to point growth in 2024, albeit at a slightly lower level than we had initially anticipated. The timing of starts converting to shipments continued affordability issues and persistent elevated interest rates are impacting both the pace of recovery and the likelihood of single-family growth fully offsetting weaker multifamily activity. Looking ahead, the underlying fundamentals of population growth and low inventories in Vulcan markets continue to support long-term growth in residential construction. In private nonresidential construction, the landscape continues to vary across categories, but is unfolding largely as we anticipated for 2024. Warehouse activity is the biggest headwind with some positive momentum in manufacturing activity in data centers. Light commercial activity is still relatively weak, but over time, we expect it to follow the positive trends in single-family housing and benefit from lower interest rates. On the public side, we continue to expect growth in 2024 as two consecutive years of record growth in contract awards flow into projects and aggregate shipments. The IIJ funding is benefiting both highways and other public infrastructure activity. Given the demand backdrop just discussed and the weather impacted first half shipments being down 6%, we now expect aggregate shipments to decline between 4% and 7% for the full year. Combined with solid pricing environment and double-digit profitability improvement, we still anticipate same-store adjusted EBITDA growth, margin expansion and attractive free cash flow generation in 2024. Now I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our results and revised outlook. Andrew?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. The strong fundamentals of our aggregates-led business and our consistent execution continued to deliver attractive cash generation, which, coupled with disciplined capital allocation, is driving our returns on invested capital higher over time. During the second quarter, we deployed capital to reinvest in and expand our existing franchise to grow our business through acquisitions and to return cash to shareholders. Capital expenditures for maintenance and growth projects were $195 million in the quarter and $298 million on a year-to-date basis. We continue to expect to spend between $625 million and $675 million for the full year. During the quarter, we also allocated $181 million to the strategic bolt-on acquisition Tom mentioned earlier and returned $111 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend and common stock repurchases. At June 30, our return on invested capital has improved 160 basis points over the last 12 months, with a 10% improvement in adjusted EBITDA generated on flat average invested capital. And with net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage of 1.7 times at quarter end, we have considerable investment capacity within our target leverage range of 2 to 2.5 times to capitalize on attractive acquisition opportunities that will drive long-term value creation for shareholders. SAG expenses in the quarter were 6.7% of revenue and year-to-date have increased less than 3% over the prior year. We are focused on both disciplined cost control and [technical difficulty] in the first six months and lower shipments, we now expect unit freight adjusted cash cost of sales to increase high single digits compared to the prior year. We continue to expect aggregates prices to increase 10% to 12% for the year, driving another year of double-digit improvement in cash gross profit per ton. We anticipate that the strong unit profitability improvement, coupled with the lower volume expectations, will generate adjusted EBITDA between $2 billion and $2.15 billion for the full year. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide a few closing remarks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. I want to conclude by thanking our talented Vulcan team for their commitments to each other and to excellence. As they work each day, Rainer Schein, to operate safely and deliver value for our customers and our shareholders. I am confident that we have the right, two-pronged strategy of enhancing our core and expanding our reach. And I'm excited about the runway ahead of us on both fronts to drive attractive growth for Vulcan Materials. And now Marry Andrew and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for taking the question. Tom, could you talk a little bit more about just the overall demand environment? I understand there's been pretty tough operating conditions kind of on a year-to-date basis, and probably even into July a little bit. Any sort of help in how we should think about the balance of the year, kind of where you see momentum and things like that?
Thomas Hill: Yes, good morning Stanley. I think, Stanley, all of the data and the leading indicators would support demand as we originally expected back in February, with the exception of single-family demand growth the growth in single family is a little slower than we would have expected maybe four or five months ago, and we'll talk about that a little bit later. But as we look at the current volume guidance, as you said, we had a very wet July that influenced those numbers and will definitely have a negative impact on Q3. Where we ultimately fall in that volume range of a negative 4% negative 7% will really come down to the number of dry shipping days, we have left in the last five months of the year. So I'd frame it underlying demand as expected, except a little bit slower growth in single family, weather has not been our friend. We'll see how the second half goes. I think the good news is we continue to expand unit margins by double-digit. And I think our folks have taken a difficult hand in the first half and turn it to a winner, and I'm proud of their performance.
Stanley Elliott: Great, guys, thanks so much. And Beth, welcome to backyard.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi thanks. Just wanted to follow-up on that point with respect to the second half volume outlook. I was wondering if you could go into maybe a little bit more detail on how to think about the pent-up demand opportunity. I think you did speak to weather influencing you can get all the projects done. But is this the case of projects being delayed and not canceled, and just maybe a little bit more color on how you expect the second half of the year to play out from demand? Thanks.
Thomas Hill: Sure. I think that if you kind of look at what's happened and take that into the second half, your point of demand doesn't go away. It's absolutely spot on. And you probably got some pent up there and it comes down to what the weather does to us. I think it's - looking back, if you'll explain the future that we were really impacted by rain in the first half, and I'll give you a couple of examples. In Q2, Nashville had 30 rain days, and it dramatically impacted shipments. Look, we lost half of our shipping days in that Middle Tennessee market, DFW had doubled the amount of rainfall. So we just have dried out and couldn't ship. The flip side of that is, you saw Atlanta weather pretty much normal and shipments were as expected. L.A. had weather normal and shipments were right on where we had planned. So weather has played a role it will impact Q3 as July was very wet. And now we're experiencing a tropical storm on the East Coast. So kind of a tough start to the third quarter. But as you said, the demand is still there. It's as we thought it was going to be. So these are temporary events and it doesn't go away. So, we get dry days we're shipping just fine.
Garik Shmois: Great, thank you.
Thomas Hill: Operator, is there another question.
Operator: Yes, I apologize. So we will take our next question from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: You raised the guide for cost inflation from mid-single digit to high single-digit should we think about that incremental cost inflation as just essentially all volume deleverage? And are there any other kind of puts or takes, either good or bad, that we should think about for the second half on costs, whether it's diesel or other items?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think you're insightful about the volume impact. It definitely has an impact on us. you saw our first half of 11%. I'd also tell you that it has been - inflation was as we expected. Weather was a big difference in that and don't underestimate the efficiency impact of trying to run wet sticky material versus dry rock, which just flows a lot better. We think we can cost some of that cost back in the second half, so we can get back to the high single-digit for the full year versus the 11% where we are. And I think all of that allows us to continue that double-digit unit margin growth.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Thomas Hill: Hi Jerry.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Hi, Tom, Mary Andrews, Mark. Good morning. Pricing for agri was really strong in the quarter, up nicely sequentially. Can you just talk about the confidence around midyear that you focus in place guidance did not assume major pricing and it feels like you've got momentum just from contracts rolling. So I'm wondering if you could just give us an update on how you expect the tailwind just from natural contracts rolling to play out in the third quarter, compared to last year and then the incremental opportunity from midyears?
Thomas Hill: Yes, I'll give you some color on price let Mary just talk about sequential. The pricing momentum continues in all markets and all product lines. We had a successful midyear pricing campaign. I think both by customer and by market, I'd call it as we thought it was going to be as anticipated. But remember, as we explained, those midyear prices will have a small impact on '24, but a much bigger impact on '25. So we've already begun to set the solid foundation for pricing for '25. As always, we would ultimately guide you the unit margin growth which was 12% despite weather and volumes down 5%. So I'm proud of operators hard work. Look, that kind of margin growth is tough to begin with. It's particularly difficult to earn when it's raining, you got bud in the mug. So really thanks to our team.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: And Jerry, in terms of sequential growth, candidly, I would have expected a bit less sequential improvement in Q2 than what we realized really due to mix and timing. We still expect some modest additional sequential improvement in the back half given the impact of the midyear that Tom just discussed, paired with a higher jumping off point from a Q2 where we already captured some of the expected sequential improvement. I guess, as Tom said to me, what's really important is the solid underlying price environment, our continued expectation of realizing price increases in that 10% to 12% range the full year. And of course, ultimately, what you can take to the bottom line, like Tom just highlighted.
Anthony Pettinari: Thank you
Thomas Hill: Thank you
Operator: Our next question from Kathryn Thompson with the Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Kathryn
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my question today. Please provide some good detail on project on your work. It's not necessarily lost, but it's delayed. And you've also given some good color just on pricing and continuing that double-digit pace, perhaps pointing to shrink a little bit more on the pricing question because it's a particular focus given lighter volumes even though those volumes are delayed. . What type of impact are you seeing from product mix and geographic mix and really not as much looking backwards, but looking forward, in part because our channel checks are showing that you're starting to see a ramp-up of some larger infrastructure projects that were taking a while to build up. So any color that you can talk about in terms of product mix, geographic mix and how that may impact pricing on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Yes. So I think you're correct with the ramp-up of infrastructure and public work, you'll see more base in fines, which is a little bit less lower prices. That being said, it's also lower cost and you need that mix to balance your plants, otherwise you get out of whack. I think that being said, while we'll have some impact on price, I don't expect it to have an impact on your margins. So why it's maybe not as material may not be as high as price as a concrete outer asphalt rock, he also comes with a cost benefit. So I would expect us to continue our present pace of elevated unit margins regardless of mix.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Angel Castillo: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just to deliberate point, but I just wanted to maybe touch base on the price discussion a little bit more. To the extent that these meters that you've done, give you any kind of insight into preliminary views in 2025. Can you just talk about what kind of the shape of that is in terms of kind of the magnitude? Are we still talking about price increases next year in the kind of high single digits, low double digits range? And kind of along with that, just any sense of kind of customer sensitivity and kind of competitive discipline around price increases would be helpful?
Thomas Hill: I think we feel like the price run continues. We feel good about what we're bidding today. As I said, those mid-years, while they have a little bit of impact on second half of this year, they're going to have a much bigger impact in the first half of next year. So that leads us to also helps you when you saw having your price increase conversations in October for beginning of the year. I think it's too early to make a call on the level of pricing for 2025. But as I said, I think the conversations that happened for mid-year price increases are encouraging for 2025.
Angel Castillo: That's helpful. And if I may just kind of clarify on the pricing, just a quick one. But 10% to 12%, I thought that was kind of the guidance that you had laid out before midyear. So what kind of change so that it now includes midyear [indiscernible]. Can you just help us understand that?
Thomas Hill: Well, I think, as I said, the mid-year help a little bit, but it doesn't get you out of that 10% to 12%. What it does is it sets you up for 2025.
Angel Castillo: Got it. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Thomas Hill: Hi Mike.
Michael Dahl: Hi, Tom, Mary Andrews. Thanks for taking my question. It just as maybe just to help clarify kind of the cadence because it sounds like even with July, understandably some things are moved around with whether it's not like August. It's probably been fantastic either. But when you're thinking about those puts and takes from the volume and also some of the price cost dynamics, can you put a finer point on within your guide, how you'd expect 3Q versus 4Q to play out?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think that, first of all, the third quarter has already been impacted. July was extremely wet and particularly in our southeastern markets. And now you've got troubling storm blowing up the East Coast. So it's going to - you're starting off to a little bit of a rough start in Q3. I think as we said, the fundamentals of the underlying demand are still there. You've got some pent-up demand. They're all doing, sun comes out, we'll ship well. You have asphalt producers, they're telling us get ready, because when it's dry out, we got to go. And so we'll be ready for them. I would call it - and the fourth quarter is always tough to call because it's also weather dependent, and the season, hopefully, will stretch. I do think that when you have a year where you have so much moisture it may push the season a little bit, so you may get a little extra bump out of Q4 that you wouldn't have in a normal weather year, which is because people want to get those projects done. And it comes down between the negative four to negative seven, what's - how many shipping days do you have and when you have those shipping days. So a little bit of a rocky start with July and kind of this week with that trouble storm, but again, the demand is there. And when some comes out, we're shipping fine, as I talked about with L.A. and Atlanta.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Mike, one other thing to keep in mind as you think about third quarter versus fourth quarter and the challenging start, Tom just mentioned from a weather perspective is that strictly from a seasonal basis, we have easier, relatively easier comps in the fourth quarter than we do in the third quarter. So if you think about where those volumes fall, that's something else to keep in mind as to how the back half might play out.
Michael Dahl: Got it, thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Thomas Hill: Hi Trey.
Trey Grooms: Hi Tom. Good morning. So you guys have closed a few bolt-on acquisitions this year. But if you could maybe talk about the pain there. Are you seeing any more or less opportunities? And any potential for larger transactions out there?
Thomas Hill: Yes. As you said, you saw us close on two smaller, I call it very strategic bolt-on acquisitions, kind of 1 in North Alabama and 1 in Texas. I would tell you that we'll close on some more meaningful acquisitions in the near future and which we'll share with you when the time is right. But it's a busy season for acquisitions. .
Trey Grooms: Good to hear, thank you. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jon Allen on for David. I was just hoping you could provide some detail on what you're seeing for 2025 DOT budgets in key states for Vulcan and maybe [indiscernible] that's playing into your pricing outlook for 2025 and the ability to sustain double-digit pricing growth?
Thomas Hill: Yes. So I think that as we look at public demand out there, and just in general, the highway market. We're seeing the IJAA and state and local funds flow through to highway lettings right now. Overall, demand growth is similar to expectations. Steady growth in public demand. We've got a lot more funding in critical states. You saw Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, all raise funds. George is up $1.5 billion. Tennessee had a 3, Florida had a 4. All of which -- we'll see that fund flow in the lettings in '25, '26 and '27. So 6 of our larger states are at record level funding. Texas, California are also at record levels. And all of this supports I'd say, growth and public demand for the next three or four years. So we should slow and steady wins the race here.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
Thomas Hill: Hi Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: Hi, good morning, guys. I thought it was a nice quarter. Are you -- like Trey, I was also curious on M&A. And gosh, it feels like every international materials companies trying to grow U.S. materials exposure. Are you seeing increased competition for deals?
Thomas Hill: I don't think much changed. Same bidders are out there. There's a lot going on. You also got to remember, you got pent-up demand from nothing going on last year as everybody was worried about a recession. So we'll get a look at all those opportunities. We pass a lot on a lot of them. I think it comes down to M&A, it's about discipline, what markets do you want to be in what synergies are you, what are you willing to pay for it and make sure you can get a return on what you're paying and then once you buy it, integrate it accurately and rapidly.
Adam Thalhimer: Sounds good. Thank you, Tom.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hi guys. I guess, Tom, just a little more perspective on this midyear increase. How did it kind of shake out relative to perhaps last year, appreciating A lot of this is really [ 425]. So help us kind of conceptualize perhaps how much of a carrier or price lift you could see next year? And the demand...?
Thomas Hill: Go ahead -- from a macro perspective, I'd say similar that's always going to be different when I say different, you get different customers, different product lines, different geographies where you got it last year, maybe you didn't get it this year or vice versa. So I would call it out very similar.
Phil Ng: Okay. Any way to kind of help us think about what that could transpire to from a carrier pricing next year? And from a demand standpoint, I heard you lower underlying demand still quite good when you don't have weather -- so some of this demand seems to be pushed out to 2025, right? So if that does kind of materialize in terms of how you're thinking about end markets, are you in a position to see volumes grow next year just because it's been pretty new in the last few years.
Thomas Hill: I think it's early to call. I think you continue to see growth in the public side. I think that we do know just because the funds are there and they're starting to flow into lettings. On the private side, I feel good that single-family will continue to grow. It's a little slower than what we anticipated. And it has some catch-up to do with lead indicators. And obviously, interest rates will help that. But we just don't have the inventory of houses in these markets to keep up with population growth. So I would expect the res to kind of slow and steady growth also I think the big question will be nonres. We've taken the hit on warehouses and distribution centers. The manufacturing is good, but interest rates will help that sector also. It's a matter of timing, I believe.
Phil Ng: Thank you. Appreciate the call.
Thomas Hill: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, gentlemen. Mary Andrews.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Tom, let me follow-up your final remark there to Phil. On the large private heavy non-res opportunities, can you talk about what your backlog looks like, how it looks on bidding relative to what it's been in the last six to 12 months? Are we seeing an acceleration of some of the larger type projects that are in your areas that you can certainly serve into over the next couple of years? Is that potentially a tailwind as we look through the second half of this year weather permitting in 2025?
Thomas Hill: Yes. It is definitely a tailwind. It is helping us with backlog a number of those big projects and big manufacturing projects. We're shipping on them now when the rain fits. And I think that will help us in '25. And I think there's more behind that. You've got with 12 projects in our footprint, you've got a number of data centers and then you continue to see growth in the reshoring of manufacturing facilities. So it is a tailwind for us. I don't think it's a big enough tailwind yet to take on what happened with warehouses and distribution centers, but definitely helpful.
Michael Dudas: Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Operator, do you have another question?
Operator: We'll take our last question from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Michael Feniger: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just, Tom, on the manufacturing side, it's been a tail on the private non-res based on your backlog pipeline, is that -- did you feel that, that means stable in '25? Because is there a risk that some of these manufacturing projects had been a tailwind kind of roll off and there's not enough to be backfilled. Just curious if you kind of address that how we head into '25? And just secondly, I know there was talks on the public infrastructure side, you highlighted the record growth in highway contract awards has really helped infrastructure this year. There's been some mixed data points in the last few months around that. Just curious if you feel like that's just more of a pause, and we see more of the funding sort of flow through to continue that trend into '25, '26?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I'll take the highway on first. I think that's just a matter of timing. The fund is sort of too big there. You got a lot more coming, as I talked about, the additional state funding and 6 of our top 10 states plus IIJA. On the public side, I think that I wouldn't get too worked up about a moment in time. As I said, I think slow and steady wins the race there, and I think it will be slow and steady for the next three or four years. So I think that's solid. There will be some hotter moments and cooler moments, but overall, I think it will continue steady growth. On the manufacturing, we've got a healthy backlog, I think, and we're shipping on some of that backlog, but I don't see a big dip in the pipeline there. I think we continue to have other projects come up. And I think that's probably a strong point, particularly for Vulcan with the footprint we have. In closing, I'd like to thank you for your time and interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Our thoughts go out to our employees, our neighbors who have been or will be in the path to top storm. We hope they stay safe. We look forward to speaking with you through the quarter, and thank you again for your time this morning.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to the Vulcan Materials Company First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. Please be reminded that today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later today at the company's website. [Operator Instructions] 
 Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin. 
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. 
 Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. During the Q&A, we ask that you limit your participation to one question. This will allow us to accommodate as many as possible during our time we have available. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. 
James Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining our Vulcan Materials earnings call this morning. Our first quarter results moved us towards delivering on a fourth consecutive year of double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. Although the weather was unusually cold and wet across many geographies for much of the quarter, our teams executed well and improved our Aggregates cash gross profit per ton by 10%. Their commitment to our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines is driving solid results. 
 In the quarter, we generated $323 million of adjusted EBITDA and expanded our adjusted EBITDA margin. Importantly, several key trends continue: Pricing momentum, cost deceleration, unit profitability expansion, robust cash generation, disciplined capital allocation and return on invested capital improvement. 
 In the Aggregates segment, year-over-year shipments declined by 7%, but the durability of our Aggregates business and the consistency of our execution stood out in a weather impacted quarter. We again improved our trailing 12 months Aggregate's cash gross profit per ton, pushing it to $9.66 per ton and making further progress toward our current $11 to $12 target. The pricing environment remains positive and year-over-year Aggregates cash cost of sales continues to moderate. Aggregates freight adjusted price improved 10% in the quarter and increased $1.25 per ton sequentially from the fourth quarter, a clear illustration of the success of January increases and the continuous execution of our Vulcan Way of Selling disciplines. 
 Our first quarter cash cost of sales performance resulted in a fourth consecutive quarter of trailing 12 months cost deceleration and improving sequentially by another 230 basis points. Our relentless focus on improving efficiencies in our plants through our Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines remains a key driver of managing costs, expanding unit profitability and ultimately generating attractive free cash flow. 
 There is a healthy pipeline of opportunities to deploy this free cash flow for both attractive acquisitions and complementary strategic greenfield development. These targeted opportunities are at varying stages. But as an example, earlier this week, we closed on a bolt-on Aggregates and Asphalt acquisition in Alabama, [indiscernible] state. I'm proud of how our teams continue to execute our 2-pronged growth strategy. They are focused on expanding our reach in addition to enhancing our core with consistent expansion of unit profitability by controlling what we can control, even in a dynamic macro environment and demand environment. 
 On the demand side, I want to provide a few comments about each end use, starting with private demand and then moving to public. Momentum in single-family continues to accelerate across our footprint and points to growth in 2024. However, we continue to expect weaker multifamily residential construction to largely offset the single-family approval this year. Overall, affordability and elevated interest rates remains a challenge, but the underlying fundamentals of population growth and low inventories in Vulcan markets support recovery in residential construction. 
 An improving residential backdrop is also a positive sign for future activity in certain categories of nonresidential construction. And recent data has shown some signs of stabilization in overall [ stash ]. However, the landscape continues to vary across categories. As expected, continued moderation in warehouse [ stash ] will be the biggest headwind to private and nonresidential demand this year. 
 Currently, light commercial activity remains weak, but over time, we expect it to follow the positive trends in single-family housing. 
 We continue to see and capitalize on opportunities in the manufacturing category. Our unmatched Southeastern footprint and unique logistics capabilities positions us well to service these large Aggregates intensive projects. Our footprint is also an advantage on the public side with over 2/3 of federal highway spending allocated to Vulcan states. Additionally, other public infrastructure activity, which benefits from IIJA funding is growing faster in Vulcan states than the country as a whole. It sustained elevated level of highway [ stash ] of over $100 billion, coupled with record 2024 state budgets, supports healthy growth in highway and infrastructure demand both in 2024 and for the next several years. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our first quarter. Mary Andrews? 
Mary Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Tom discussed our solid Aggregates results in the quarter and shared some important ongoing trends. In addition to providing a few more details about our first quarter results, I'd like to first expound upon 4 of the trends Tom highlighted earlier in his remarks: Unit profitability expansion, robust cash generation, disciplined capital allocation and return on invested capital improvement. 
 For the last 4 quarters, we have consistently expanded our trailing 12-month unit profitability in all 3 of our operating segments. Increasing cash unit profitability by nearly $1.50 per ton in Aggregates, almost $6 per ton in Asphalt and nearly $5 per cubic yard in Concrete. Our trailing 12 months gross margin has also steadily improved in each product line. This organic growth is underpinned by our daily focus on execution and driving results through our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines. Better unit profitability yields better free cash flow. 
 Our free cash flow conversion over the last 5 years has averaged over 90%, enabling us to strategically allocate capital to reinvest in our franchise, grow our business and return cash to shareholders. 
 During the quarter, we invested $103 million in capital expenditures and returned $81 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We continue to expect to spend between $625 million and $675 million on capital expenditures for the full year. Our current balance sheet positions us well to continue to deploy capital to each of our priorities. At the end of the first quarter, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage was 1.5x, with $300 million of cash on hand, following the March 1 redemption of our 2026 senior notes at par for $550 million. Our liquidity position and financial flexibility are competitive strengths as we look to continue to grow and create value for our shareholders. 
 Over the last 12 months, we've achieved a 260 basis points improvement in return on invested capital. Invested capital has increased less than 1%, while adjusted EBITDA has improved 20%. Adjusted EBITDA margin has also improved by 350 basis points through consistent operational execution and disciplined SAG cost management. SAG expenses in the quarter were in line with our expectations, and we continue to expect to spend between $550 million and $560 million for the full year. Most importantly, we reaffirm our expectations of delivering adjusted EBITDA between $2.15 billion and $2.3 billion for the full year. At the midpoint, a double-digit year-over-year improvement for a fourth consecutive year. 
 I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide a few closing remarks. 
James Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. At Vulcan, our #1 priority will always be our people, keeping them safe and fostering our Vulcan culture. They are the foundation of our great company. As a team, we are focused on the daily execution of our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines to ensure attractive cash generation in any macro backdrop. We will be strategic and disciplined in allocating capital to continue to grow our business and deliver value for our shareholders. 
 And now, Mary Andrews and I, will be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. 
Stanley Elliott: Tom, nice start to the year, very clean quarter despite kind of some of the weather issues, I think a lot of people had and some of the comp issues. Can you talk about how the rest of the year plays out, thinking about this more like maybe from a demand standpoint? And then to any extent commentary you could share on April would be great. 
James Hill: Sure. Looking at the quarter itself, I'd call the quarter -- volumes in the quarter as expected within the margin of error. We had less shipping days in March, but about the same amount of shipping days in the quarter overall. January was a slow start, really due to wet weather and cold weather. February and March, I call it a bit better, better on a daily shipping basis. So Q1, all things considered as expected. As we look forward to the rest of the year, I don't see any real change in our thinking on demand. We would still guide to the flat to down [ 4 ], and the dynamics are very similar to what we said last quarter, headwinds in nonresidential, some challenges in multifamily. We've got recovering single-family construction and growing public demand. I think that our position -- our superior position in the Southeast really helps, the footprint makes a difference. And that Southeastern market is probably the healthiest market in the country. I think our Vulcan Way of Selling disciplines and tools are very helpful with this. 
 So at this point, I'd call it confident for volume outlook. As far as going into the second quarter, I'd call it this way, when the sun comes out, we're shipping very well. 
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Bettenhausen with Truist Securities. 
Jonathan Bettenhausen: I'm curious about your outlook on midyear pricing. You had conversations with your customers about midyear. And I'm also wondering how much of that is baked into your guide? 
James Hill: Yes. I'd start off with saying that I think the fundamentals in pricing remained very good and very healthy. As you saw, we had a solid start in Q1 with prices a little north of 10%, that was really across every market. And so it's a really good start and supports our full year guidance. Midyear price increases are not in our guidance at this point. We're having those midyear price discussions right now, so it's a little too early to call. Remember, the midyears will be good for 2024, but they're going to be even better for '25. So our teams are working really hard on this, and I think I'm sure they'll deliver. The most important thing, though, I think, is that the fundamentals for pricing remain very healthy. And so I think when it comes to midyears, we'll revisit pricing guidance in August and give you an update. 
Mary Carlisle: And one more thought on price. We always like to point out how important it is to remember that regardless of what the level of pricing is, the key is really how much price we're able to take to the bottom line. In the first quarter, we achieved 10% improvement in cash gross profit per ton and some Aggregates margin expansion even given the lower volume quarter due to the weather. Overall, gross margin also improved by 140 basis points and adjusted EBITDA margin expanded as well. So importantly, we expect this margin expansion to continue and to improve further through the balance of the year. 
Operator: We'll go now to Anthony Pettinari with Citi. 
Anthony Pettinari: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how costs have kind of been trending among your major cost categories. If you can touch on maybe some of the nonenergy categories. And then also just with higher diesel, how that's impacted conversations around price increases or just how you think about the full year from that context? 
James Hill: Yes. I think the first quarter for cost is always tricky as volumes and weather definitely had an impact on costs in the first quarter. That said, I think we're still comfortable with the cost guidance of up mid-single digit for the full year. As always, we would get you to look at costs on a trailing 12-month basis because it's just going to be choppy on quarter-to-quarter. And if you look back on a trailing 12-month basis over the last year, cost increases have fallen from, I'd say, mid-teens to single digit. So as we said in the prepared remarks, we've seen 4 quarters of decelerating cost and as we march through this year, we should see that those increases decline as we march through the year, next quarter better, next quarter better, next quarter better as we saw over the last 4 quarters. So I think we're on a good path to that mid-single-digit cost for the full year. 
 As far as different pieces of this, a diesel was probably a slight tailwind in the quarter. What stays up is parts and services remain elevated, but our comps are getting easier. And I think that we also through the Vulcan Way of Operating, we're improving our operating efficiencies and will continue over the next 2 years with that to offset those inflated parts and services. So I think we're in a good place, and I think the teams are working through this, and I'm pleased with what I see. 
Mary Carlisle: Yes. And in terms of diesel, Anthony, we do assume in our plan that it will move somewhat higher through the rest of the year. And you're right, while diesel prices for us -- well, they're always hard to predict and -- but they can really be a good thing in this business since we have the ability to catch it with pricing as it goes up and also take advantage of it when it goes down. 
Operator: We'll go now to Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. 
Kathryn Thompson: Stepping back, just looking at the bigger picture. In last year, you divested mainly downstream ops just in terms of optimizing portfolio. As you look into 2024 and beyond what are your priorities in terms of overall Vulcan Materials and product mix? And how does this mix strategy -- how do you think about that against the backdrop of a broad reindustrialization of the U.S. and putting Vulcan in the best position possible? 
James Hill: Well, as always, we would tell you that it's Aggregates and we are an Aggregates company. We have the highest percentage of EBITDA in Aggregates of probably anybody in the sector, and that's what we do. Now we have strategic downstream. And as we always say, it's a portfolio, we look at it as a portfolio, and if one of those sectors or geographies doesn't earn appropriate return or somebody else would divest of it and plow that money back into our Aggregates business. So I think that nothing has changed as far as how we look at the world. And as we look at the growth part of M&A in greenfields, it will be Aggregates focused. 
Operator: We'll now turn to Trey Grooms with Stephens. 
Trey Grooms: I kind of want to follow up on the comment, Mary Andrews, you had earlier about cash gross profit per ton. Clearly, it was up 10% in the quarter. I think you were maybe initially looking for mid- to high single-digit improvement. So maybe a little better there. And then full year is mid -- I think looking for mid-teens type of improvement. So I guess the first one is kind of how we see that progress. I think it's going to accelerate somewhat as we go through the year, but any way to help us kind of think about that as we progress through the year to get to that mid-teens for the full year? And then maybe stepping back a little bit longer term. These are clearly better numbers of better performance than the historical kind of average of profitability improvement. How are you thinking about that longer term? Do you think it has the opportunity to kind of see a long-term better kind of consistent improvement versus kind of historicals? 
James Hill: Yes. Let me take your last question first about long term. This is why we have developed the Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines. I think they secure our ability to improve cash gross profit per ton, which we've done 12-month basis every quarter [indiscernible] going flat for 5 years. That's pretty good consistency even with some of the dynamics that are out there. So I think that overall in history, we -- versus history, we're in a better place for higher improvements in cash gross profit per ton, and that's not by actions, that's by design, and we've been working on that now for years, and it is working and those tools are only getting better or we're getting better implementing them. 
 I think as far as this year is concerned, as we talked about, as we progress through the year, you've got cost increases decelerating and as inflation comps get easier and our operating efficiencies get better. So that's one piece of that. And then I think as we march through the year, we have the ability to continue to raise prices, both in what we do on project work, but also a fixed plant. So you put all that together, I think as we progress through the year, we have the opportunity to continue to march our unit margins improvement through the year. 
Operator: We'll go next to Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just talk about how you expect the pricing cadence to play out this year over the past couple of years, third quarter versus second quarter, we saw a big $0.60 type step up in pricing. Is that feels like that's what you're assuming this year to get to the guidance. But maybe Mary Andrews, you could expand on how you expect the cadence to play out? And how much higher could that be if we do implement midyear price increases? 
Mary Carlisle: Yes, sure. I would expect a cadence of, Jerry, likely some sequential growth in the second quarter, more in the third quarter, as you referenced, and then we would typically see less in the fourth quarter due mostly to seasonality. And the magnitude of the midyears, which as Tom referenced earlier, it's just too early to call at this point, but that's what would influence that third quarter sequential improvement and to what level that gets and where we fall out overall. 
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then in terms of just the exit rate with double-digit pricing growth exiting the year and potential midyears on top of it, I guess that suggests the starting point for '25 should be in the high single-digit pricing range just from a carryover effect. And I just want to make sure that that's consistent with how you folks are thinking about it. 
James Hill: Yes. I think when it comes to midyears, we're going to call that when we earn it. And I think we feel good about midyears, and I think those conversations are going fine. As I said, they mean a lot for '25. I do think it's a bit early to call what '25 is going to start out at. We got to get midyears under our belt and take a look at what we're going to do in the first part of '25. But I do think it's -- I feel good about the midyears and I think it is a good omen for 2025 pricing. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. 
Michael Dahl: I'm going to follow up again on kind of midyears. I think last quarter, you talked about how those conversations would be April conversations, so maybe it's just semantics, and you want to have those really finalized before you communicate to us. But I'm wondering if just given some of the wet weather to start the year, if some of those conversations perhaps got pushed out a little bit relative to your expectations or how you characterize that? And any other regional differences in pricing that you may be experiencing relative to what you thought coming into the year? 
James Hill: I don't think weather had anything to do with it. I think you may have read a little bit too much into the April month comment. You send the letters out in April, you spend May having those conversations and you finalize end of May, kind of beginning of June. So I don't see anything different in timing or sequencing versus what we did last year. Like I said, I think I'm encouraged by the conversations that we're having, and I think that we will implement a solid midyear price increases. But I wouldn't read anything into the comment on weather versus -- excuse me, comment on April versus how this goes. It's really kind of a process. We introduced it in April, have conversations in May and again, finalize it in June. 
Mary Carlisle: And one other thought on pricing for the rest of the year is that we've had positive momentum over the last 12 months in our bid work, and that should also be a good catalyst for us from where we ended Q1 to where we expect to be for the full year in addition to whatever is realized on midyear increases. 
Operator: We'll go now to Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. 
Garik Shmois: I wanted to ask on the M&A environment. If you could provide a little bit more color on the bolt-on that you just completed? And is it possible at all to maybe size how much are you going to anticipate spending on acquisitions this year and the types of deals you're looking at? 
James Hill: Yes. As you saw, we had a small but strategic bolt-on kind of northeast of Birmingham up sort of Guntersville. It's about 2 million tons of Aggregates and just under 0.5 million tons of Asphalt. It fits us well. I think as you look at the full year, the next 12 months, M&A outlook is quite good. So more to come. And I'm having a lot of those conversations and very encouraged by it. I think it's always M&A will be Aggregates-led and conducted with discipline. But I think we feel very confident that this will be a busy M&A year for us. 
Operator: And now we'll go to David MacGregor with Longbow Research. 
David S. MacGregor: I guess I wanted to kind of tap your many years of experience in this business with respect to the second half of this year in election years. And in an election year, do you find that projects kind of accelerate as people kind of focus on [indiscernible]? Or do you think things maybe slow down a little bit as people get a little more [indiscernible] and wait to see how the election plays out? I'm just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about the risk around second half volumes in public sector spending. 
James Hill: I don't see -- I will take it in pieces. Overall, I don't see any impact with the election year on our demand. I think that our guidance is -- has taken the factors into account. I don't think election year moves the needle on that. I think on the public side, it is really the DOTs trying to get highway dollars into lettings and into projects. And I think that's happening. And I think we call that, as you know, mid-single digit on the private side, I think, as we said, we've got some challenges on nonres and multi. And I think that single-family is recovering with health. So that's how I look at it with not much impact from the election year. 
Operator: And next, we have Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. 
Timna Tanners: I wanted to ask about a little bit more on the demand side as well. How is the government infrastructure dollars? How are they flowing through? How are you seeing the pace of that activity? Any evidence of some of those larger IRA projects? And any sign that data centers could make much of a dent against the decline in warehouse demand? 
James Hill: Yes. I will start with highways. We're seeing the IIJA money and the local funds flow into lettings. At this point, we'd stick with that mid-single-digit growth on the public side this year, which is both non-highway infrastructure and highways. And we see that kind of steady growth for years to come. We also are seeing additional state funding come into play. We've got 3 states with some big dollars. Tennessee added $3 billion, Florida I think added $4 billion and Georgia just added $1.5 billion to their funding. I think when it comes to public demand, slow and steady wins the race on this, and particularly when you're compounding your margins like we are, so I think a good healthy sector with steady growth for years to come. And I think the DOTs will continue to work hard to get those dollars into lettings. 
Mary Carlisle: And Timna, you also mentioned data centers, which have never really provided some good opportunities for us in some markets. I can think of some projects we booked recently in Virginia, Alabama, Georgia. And it's obviously a subject that's getting a lot of press. But I do think it's important to remember that the square footage according to Dodge for data centers is only a low single-digit percentage of total non-res [indiscernible]. So as you know, there are a lot of different categories and dynamics and private non-res, so data centers may not move the needle overall. But overall, for us, in non-res, right -- so far, it's playing out as we expected with kind of all those different dynamics. 
Operator: We'll go now to Tyler Brown with Raymond James. 
Patrick Brown: So [indiscernible] doing a great job on unit margins. But I am curious what you're seeing on the plant productivity side. Because If I go back, Tom, to the Vulcan Way of Operating, some of the technology rollouts in the plants that you talked about at the Analyst Day, I'm just kind of curious how those are tracking if you're seeing improved plant utilization? And is that kind of a continued good guidance to '25? 
James Hill: Yes. I think that where we are on that, and you're talking about the process intelligence on those plants. As we said, we did that in our top 100 plants, which is about 7% of our -- roughly 7% of our production. The tools are all there. About 25%, 30% are actually -- of those plants are actually fully utilizing those tools. And there's a lot of work that has to go into that to get the screens right and everybody trained in those, we're seeing marked progress as we march through kind of this year, maybe the first part of next year, we'll get up to 100% of those. But -- and as we do, we'll see improvement. So where it's working. I think it's working well, maybe a little slower than I would have wanted it to go through as far as full implementation, but we're getting there. And I think we'll see that. As you said, we'll see progress to that show up in our numbers in '24 and in '25 and into '26, to be honest with you. So, so far, so good, and we'll keep plugging at it. 
Operator: And now we'll hear from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. 
Adam Thalhimer: Great quarter. On the demand side, I guess I wanted to hit that as well. There's a lot of angst out there about just private construction demand in general. Are you guys seeing any incremental weakness or strength there? 
James Hill: Well, I think it depends on which part of it you're talking about, and I'll take them a piece at a time. We're seeing -- on the non-res side, you've got weakness in warehouses and kind of traditional light non-res. That being said, the warehouses, we -- if you look at starts, they are -- the fall is decelerating. It's getting better as you look at starts on a short-term basis. So hopefully, that will get better. You've got strength in large manufacturing projects, which we've got 11 of those big projects, and we're shipping on them now and I think more to come. So it's too early to call whether it's getting better or getting worse, but that's kind of how we call it for -- on the non-res side. 
 On highways -- excuse me, on housing, I would tell you the weakness is in multifamily and continues that. I think it doesn't last too long, we'll be past that, I think, '25. And then single-family res is recovering, and I think recovering with some momentum. 
Operator: We'll go now to Phil Ng with Jefferies. 
Philip Ng: Congrats on a really strong quarter. I had a question. I mean, a competitor of yours has just closed on a deal in the Southeast, and they've already announced price increases for midyears in those markets and called out how pricing there is for us below their corporate average. I've always thought that the Southeast is actually a pretty good pricing market. Do you see that dynamic improving the backdrop on pricing, anything on the structure side of things? And then similarly, California, I think pricing still kind of below what that market probably should warrant just given the cost and demand profile. Any thoughts on the momentum modern pricing around California as well? 
James Hill: Yes, I think we've got to be thoughtful when we call out pricing on individual markets. But that being said, the Southeast is very good pricing, some of the best we have. And I think that if you look at the western part of the United States, I think we're seeing marked improvement in pricing, and we'll continue -- that momentum will continue. 
Operator: And now we'll go to Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: Just wanted to maybe expand a little bit on some of the dynamics. First, just a quick clarifier. For pricing, is the assumption still 10% to 12%, given the kind of unchanged top line? And then You mentioned kind of no impact from election year. Could you maybe talk about some of the other dynamics that are at play here in terms of the weakness you're seeing in non-resi and just interest rate environment and kind of some of those challenges. Is that having any kind of impact on your midyears? It sounds like the discussions there have been quite constructive. So just any kind of color there would be helpful. 
James Hill: Yes. I think you're seeing improvement. We're seeing improvement in single-family, which is always helpful. And the most important thing is that you see growth in public demand, which is still visible and it is a very good foundation for pricing. I don't know that interest rates have had a big impact on pricing. Obviously, they'll have -- they've had impacts on demand and volumes. But I think -- so I think that -- and I don't think that the election year has had any impact on pricing dynamics. So I think that the fact that we've got strong, very visible public demand for a long time is good. I think you've got some improvement in res. All of that is helping the pricing dynamics. And I think we feel pretty good about a midyear at this point. 
Operator: We'll go now to Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. 
Michael Dudas: So it's an interesting highlight on 67% of your of the IIJA dollars are going to the Vulcan states. So you can talk a little bit about what states does that matching up with some of the DOT budgets in some of your important states? And what it may be throughout the business, what regions or states maybe are lagging a bit that may have some opportunity to catch up as we move into the next several quarters? 
James Hill: Well, I think a big part of that is you've got the big DOTs, Caltrans and TxDOT and Georgia DOT and Virginia. Obviously, Tennessee, obviously, have excellent funding, both state and local. I think that probably the most -- the best -- DOT is best at getting money through at this point because they started earlier with their own funding with Texas. Georgia had some struggles, but I think is catching up with that. So I think Caltrans is doing a good job getting their money in. Illinois, I think, has struggled getting some of their funding out. So that's how I call it. But I think they're all plugging at it, and I think they're all getting better at it. It is coming through with improvement in lettings. I think that all of them are going through the '25 budgeting right now, a little too early to call, but I don't see them going down. I would expect most of them to go up. So as we said, I think that it's a long road. I think it's steady growth in public, and it's not just highways, it's also the infrastructure, which is ports and airports and water and sewage and that will be substantial growth, I think, this year and for years to come. 
Operator: And at this time, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Tom Hill, Chief Executive Officer, for any additional or closing comments. 
James Hill: I thank all of you for your time this morning and your interest and support of Vulcan Materials Company. We hope you and your families are healthy and safe and stay that way through the quarter, and we look forward to talking to you over the next few months. Thanks. 
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Please unmute your conference line Mr. Warren as we are not able to hear you.
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator. Let me start over operator and we will get started on the earnings call here. Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. During the Q&A, we ask that you limit your participation to one question. This will allow us to accommodate as many as possible during our time we have available. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for your interest in Vulcan Materials company. Our teams delivered an outstanding year in 2023 and achieved two significant milestones. We generated over $2 billion in adjusted EBITDA and we surpassed $9 of aggregate cash gross profit per ton. We remained focused on continued growth, consistent execution and value creation for our shoulders.  Our fourth quarter results again demonstrated the benefits of that focus and our aggregates-led business. We delivered a 27% year-over-year improvement in adjusted EBITDA. Margin expansion in each of our three primary product lines and another 90 basis points of sequential improvement in our trailing 12 months return on invested capital.  In the Aggregates segment continued pricing momentum coupled with moderating inflationary costs resulted in $9.92 of aggregate cash gross profit per ton, a 21% improvement over prior year. Our Vulcan Way of Selling evoke we have operating disciplines continued to contribute to our commercial and operational results. The fourth quarter performance marks 19 of 20 quarters over the past five years of sequential improvement in trailing 12 month aggregate unit profitability. A clear example of our consistent execution and the durability of our business.  Aggregate shipments in the fourth quarter increased 2%, compared to a week prior year quarter that was impacted by abnormal wet and cold weather. Aggregates freight adjusted price improved 14% in the quarter, pushing the year-to-date average selling price to $19 per ton, $2.60 per ton increase over the prior year.  Freight-adjusted unit cash cost of sales increased 7% compared to the prior year quarter. This Marked a third consecutive quarter of trailing 12 month deceleration in year-over-year cost. As we move into 2024, we are determined to continue controlling what we can control most notably the expansion of our aggregates unit profitability.  Price momentum remains healthy and we expect freight-adjusted aggregate price to grow from 10% to 12% for the full year. Inflationary cost pressures continue to moderate and we expect freight-adjusted unit cash cost to increase mid-single-digit in 2024 resulting in an attractive mid-teens improvement and cash gross profit per ton. On the demand side, we continue to expect a moderate decline in 2024 with aggregate shipments forecasted land within a range of flat to down 4% for the full year. Much like 2023, we see varying dynamics across different end uses. So let me provide some commentary on each end use.  I'll start with residential, which has quickly entered recovery mode single-family housing permits and starts return to growth in the second half of last year and momentum is accelerating across our footprint. We expect the strength in single-family construction activity be offset by weaker multifamily starts as they pull back from historically high levels.  Overall, the underlying fundamentals for residential construction activity remained firmly in place. Vulcan markets have low housing inventory levels and favorable demographics driving the need for additional housing. We continue to see distinct trends across various categories of private non-residential construction, which we anticipate will result in a year-over-year decline in shipments to this end market. Moderating Warehouse starts from recent historical high levels are expected to be biggest headwind to private non-residential construction. Light commercial activity is expect to remain weak as uncertainty in the macro economy and higher interest rates persist. Manufacturing activity however remains a catalyst for non-residential shipments and is concentrated in Vulcan States. We continue to ship on numerous large manufacturing projects, which we offer customers a differentiated solution with our advantage footprint and logistics capabilities.  On the public side, the main backdrop is developing as expected. We began seeing modest growth in the second half of ‘23 and project accelerating demand into 2024. Trailing 12-month highway starts have now surpassed $100 billion. 2024 state budgets are at record levels and strong upcoming ladings are anticipated in many Vulcan States. We continue to see growth in both highways and infrastructure activities for the next several years. Coupling our anticipated unit profitability growth was the demand backdrop I just described at midpoint of our guidance we project delivering a fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA. I'm very proud of our teams what they have and will achieve.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our 2023 performance and some more details around our 2024 outlook. Andrews? 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom and good morning. Our strong operational and strategic execution in 2023 set us up well to continue our long track record of growth through disciplined capital allocation and consistent execution. Over the last 10 years, we increased our revenues at an annual growth rate of 11%; grew our adjusted EBITDA at an annual growth rate of 16% percent; strengthened our free cash flow generation at an annual growth rate of 23%; and improved our return on invested capital by 1000 basis points. During 2023, we generated $1.5 billion of operating cash flows and received proceeds of over $700 million for the sales of non-core businesses and real estate. Having followed our long-standing capital allocation priorities of reinvesting in our franchise, investing in attractive growth opportunity and returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases, we ended the year with over $900 million dollars of cash on hand and net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage of 1.5 times.  Our balance sheet is a source of strength and provides us considerable financial flexibility to continue to grow. We will remain disciplined in optimizing our overall portfolio of assets. As evidenced by the fourth quarter disposition of our Texas Concrete business and sale of excess real estate in Northern Virginia. Our return on invested capital improved by 280 basis points over the last 12 months and we are focused on continued improvement. We also remain focused on continuing to drive value for the business through disciplined investments and SAG expenses that support our organic growth initiatives and innovation through technology. SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue remained at 7% in 2023.  Overall, we expanded our adjusted EBITDA margin by 360 basis points and project further expansion in 2024. Let me provide a few additional details around the 2024 guidance to supplement the demand, pricing, and Aggregates unit profitability outlook Tom highlighted earlier. We expect our downstream businesses to contribute approximately $275 million in cash gross profit reflective of asphalt earnings consistent with 2023 contributing approximately 70% of the total and concrete earnings adjusted for the divestiture of our Texas Concrete assets contributing approximately 30% to total.  We expect SAG expenses between $550 million and $560 million, a modest low single-digit increase year-over-year. We project depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expenses of approximately $610 million, interest expense of approximately $155 million and an effective tax rate between 22% and 23%.  In 2024, we plan to reinvest in our franchise through operating and maintenance and internal growth capital expenditures of between $625 million and 675 million. We expect another year of attractive growth in adjusted EBITDA and strong cash generation in 2024, despite a shift in construction demand environment.  We forecast adjusted EBITDA of between $2.15 billion and $2.3 billion for the full year. At the midpoint, this represent an 11% percent organic improvement over 2023.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide a few closing remarks. 
Tom Hill : Thank you, Mary Andrews. Vulcan’s culture and people are fundamental to our Success. Our employees work tirelessly each day to deliver value to our customers, our communities and shareholders and their meaningful contributions were highlighted with three unsolicited recognitions last year. Vulcan Materials was named one of the top 200 best companies to work for by US News and World Report.  One of America's Most Responsible Companies in 2024 by Newsweek and was included in the American Opportunity Index, which measures how well large companies invest in the human talent to drive business performance and individual employee growth.  I'm excited about what Vulcan Materials will achieve in 2024. We will remain focused on keeping our people safe, growing our business, capitalizing on our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating Disciplines and continue to deliver value to our shoulders.  Now Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Trey Grooms: Good morning, Tom and Mary Andrews.
Tom Hills: Good morning, Trey. 
Trey Grooms: Good morning. I was like you are looking for another year of double-digit growth ahead here for pricing. So, Tom, what’s driving the confidence there as we move into 2024 on the pricing outlook?
Tom Hills: Trey, I mean, we saw a fundamental change in our markets in 2022. We realized in March of 2022 that we had a worldwide inflation and so we took the lead in 2022 and pulled mid-year prices forward to May 1st that year in every market. And then followed that up with we pooled all the 2023 price increases to January 1 where some of it been April 1.  So I think today the fundamentals for pricing is very, very good and I think embedded in those fundamentals are three crew changes that we are seeing in our markets. One, there is more disciplined in house price increases, two, our aggregates price increases are now January not April 1, and third, our mid-year price increase conversations are expected in all markets.  So we are in a really good place in pricing – price good place as we’ve been historically and you couple that with the tools and disciplines of Vulcan with selling I think our future looks very good. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah, Trey, I’ll just add that headline pricing is one thing but as we always like [Audio Gap]
Operator: With Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Stanley Elliott : Hey good morning, everyone. And congratulation at the quarter and the in the outlook. Last question was a perfect lead-in. I was curious if you guys could talk a little bit more about kind of what you're seeing on the cost side? Maybe how does this mid-single digit sort of cost inflation that you're expecting in the coming year come together? Any puts and takes there would be great. 
Tom Hill: Thanks, Stanley. You saw it you saw the cost and the fourth quarter was up 7% and that's down from what we've been seeing is low-double-digit in prior quarters. I think it was like the third quarter where it start to come down. So what we're seeing is the impact of inflation started to dampen. As we said, we thought we'd see this year in mid-single-digit range.  That said, I would expect this to go this way that cost is going to be highest year-over-year in Q1 and then tail off as we march through the year. That's due to two reasons. One using inflationary pressures, but two you're starting to see improving operating efficiencies from the Vulcan Way of Operation. So you couple of that together, I think we're starting to catch up on the kind of runaway costs we've seen for a couple of years and we will I think we'll see improvement as we as we go through the year.
Stanley Elliott : Perfect. That's great. Thanks so much and best of luck. 
Tom Hill: Thank you. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead. 
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my question today. Two part on the – just some more color on the volume guide bridge and what you're seeing from an end market perspective? And how you had it in prepared commentary, but maybe a little bit more color just in terms of growth rates by end market and in previous calls, you were able to give some quantification of what mega projects are of your total expected sales. Just a clarification on the earlier question on pricing. Is – does the pricing guidance - does that include the thought for mid-year price increases? Or is it just carry over from previous pricing actions? Or is it a combination of both? Thank you. 
Tom Hill: Yeah, I'll take the mid-year first. Well, there's not much in there for me mega price increases. Now we will or have announced mid-year price increases and started those conversations in April. So I'm not saying there's no - it's not in the plan, but we'll have – we’ll, for sure have the conversations very little up to the plan. On volume, as we talked about in November, we're predicting a modest decline in demand for ‘24. We see strength on the public side and kind of a mix bag of strengths and weaknesses on the private side and I'll go through those. Highways, steady growth wins race and we will continue to see that ramp up and we feel good about it. Lots of funding there and start to be put to work. Non-highway infrastructure will see solid growth and non-res most sectors I think will be challenged that the traditional non-res warehouses distribution. And as we talked about that's partially offset in our footprint with the large industrial projects and I think we have some 10 of those and we can we talk about that later. But they're meaningful. While single-family, what we saw was challenged in ‘23, it'll be a strength for us in ‘24. It's back into growth mode and recovering rapidly. At the same time I think multifamily, as everybody knows will be challenged. So, as we said we call volumes flat to negative 4 now, January February where as everybody knows where both are either a freeze out or washout or both. So, we're seeing a slow start that being said it's still on January February. So, I think we feel very good about full year guidance. So, probably a modest decline in volumes for ’24. That said we should still see healthy double-digit earnings growth. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah, Catherine, I'll give you a couple of other things to think about regarding Q1 volume that may be helpful context. Last February was seasonally adjusted the strongest single month of shipments we had in 2023 and the strongest February in at least the last 10 years and also this year, simply given the way the calendar falls we will have approximately 10% fewer shipping days in March, which clearly we all know is the most important month of the quarter. Now the good news there is that's just timing what we take those days back up in April, but from a Q1 perspective, it will be impactful. So, overall volumes will be challenged in the first quarter. Pricing will be strong and it should fall within our guidance range. And I would expect that paired with the probable volume impacts to cause I'd expect maybe mid-to-high-single-digit growth and cash gross profit per ton in the first quarter still with the very attractive mid-teens improvement for the full year. 
Kathryn Thompson: Thank you so much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. 
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Hey, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about capital allocation. And you we've seen a number of I guess very large deals in construction materials over the past few months. Just wondering if you talked about potential attractiveness of M&A and what the pipeline might look like from your perspective in 2024? 
Tom Hill: Yeah, sure. Anthony the balance sheet is really well positioned to fund all of our capital allocation priorities in 2024, particularly M&A growth. As we mentioned, we ended the year with over $900 million of cash and net leverage of one and a half times. So, we'll think about capital allocation in 2024, very consistently as we have in the past that there is a very attractive M&A pipeline and that's what we're focused on in terms of being able to deploy the capacity that we have and I’ll let Tom, do you want to make any more comments on those pipelines? 
Tom Hill: Sure. Well, I think if I have to go back and look at it, ours is a three pronged strategy to growth and it's very effective and has provided us with double-digit revenues and EBITDA for the last three years and will again in 2024. Those three are number one, organic growth in what we are selling what we are operating which you see us do. And, we've been very consistent we were able to grow unit margins for consistently for five years. Second is as you talked about is M&A. I think M&A while it was pretty quiet in ‘23 with a lot of unknowns out there. I think you'll be very busy in 2024. And we expect us to bring some deals to the finish line. And then I would supplementing that M&A is Greenfield growth, which is picking up that we have a handful of those projects beginning this year. It will take a little bit of time to get through that and we'll get a little closer to it. We'll talk about some of those, but I feel really good about growth strategy and M&A I think would be a much bigger part of it in ‘24 than what we saw in ‘23. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over. 
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Tom Hill: Hey, Jerry.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning. 
Jerry Revich : Hi, Tom, Mary Andrews. Good morning. I want to ask you in the fourth quarter, your margin performance was really outstanding sequentially full point ahead of normal seasonality. So it looks like costs are already starting to come down for you folks. Can you just talk about what improved in the quarter? And is there an opportunity if some of those improvements continue for us to be at the lower end of the growth outlook that you outlined in the prepared remarks, Tom? 
Tom Hill: Well, I think what you're seeing is as I said early two things you are moderating inflationary pressures of the comparisons get a lot easier and I think we'll continue to see that. But also if you look at our operating parameters and you remember we put the automation and the insights of the technology including the top-100 plants over last year, you start to see those things go to work which helps us with throughput and throughput of critical sizes.  So, I think that as we march through 2024, I think our costs should improve sequentially as we go through the quarter now, we will whether it can have a hiccup on that or one two big outages can have a hit on that. But it’s overall, I would expect our cost to continue to improve over the next four, five quarters.
Jerry Revich : Excellent. Thank you. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Tom Hill: Good morning, Phil.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning. 
Philip Ng: Hey guys. Congrats on a really strong quarter. It sounds like Tom, last year your pricing philosophy I think was to go big to start the year on average pricing and take a more measured approach on mid-years. If I've heard you correctly, If I heard you correctly you're at least having a conversation on that year’s ready. So just give a little color to how you're thinking about your approach and philosophy this year? And in a more moderating deflate inflationary environment do you think double-digit pricing is kind of a new norm going forward? Thanks. 
Tom Hill: Well, as I said, I think we're in a very, very good place from a pricing perspective based on the fundamentals that we're seeing and also the Vulcan Way of Selling those tools help us dramatically and did work. I think that we went we went early as we have and I think that will continue to January 1 which helps obviously helps. We think we were appropriate on our January 1 prices. We announced mid-years in a few markets already. I think over the next probably the next beginning - end of the quarter we will probably announce it mid years for the other markets, and obviously you spend April, May and June having those conversations, so that you're ready for July/August for mid-year price increase. So I think that what those - the fact that it's all in January and the fact that everybody expects to have conversations about mid-year price increases, I think is very important for our markets.
Philip Ng: And then double-digit pricing there I like the new norm going forward? 
Tom Hill: I feel good about pricing. 
Philip Ng: Okay. All right. I appreciate the color. Thank you. 
Tom Hill: You bet.
Operator: And we'll take our next call or our next question from the line of Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Michael Feniger: Yeah, thank you for taking my questions. Tom, to follow up on just the pricing can you just - the Cadence of pricing for this year you gave great color on the cadence of how you think cost plays out. Just on pricing, do you think about the end of the year? Are you still kind of in that 10% to 12% range? Are you below it because you start strong. Just kind of how we should think about that? 
Tom Hill: No, I think I think the pricing will be pretty consistent through the year in that 10 to 12 range. I don’t see a big changes in that. Now you also got is - in the third quarter you got to see what happens with mid years. And we'll have that conversation after we get past July 1. I’ll give you a lot more clarity because we’ll just have a clear picture of it. And every market is going to be different that in their ways are. But I would call it pretty consistent low-double-digit pricing throughout the year. 
Michael Feniger: Great. And Tom just to follow-up, on you gave great color on kind of the volume, your shipment growth with the different segments. Just when we think of Upstate fast-forward to 2025 and obviously, we'll see how to 2024 plays out. But if you - in a similar range in 2025 with the volume kind of guidance, and it's underpinned by growth in infrastructure, can you just help us understand how that informs pricing relative to maybe if it's being driven by residential or private construction markets how - having it underpinned by infrastructure. So that's kind of maybe shifts the pricing conversations? 
Tom Hill: I will tell you that my philosophy is all demand growth are good things I don’t see it where it comes from I like it. But the pricing between public and private, there's really not a big difference there. I think that the one thing I would call out, the good thing about public demand is it's very visible and it's for sure. I mean, on the private side people could hold projects or delay them, but you know public growth is going to go to work. It's not a matter if it to twin and so that visibility to growing demand on the public side is really good for pricing. But a ton of concrete rock for public or private is probably the same number. The difference is the public people know it's there. They know it’s coming and they can take a risk on value and price. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just back on kind of the M&A and capital allocation you raised some pretty healthy funds from the sale and in fact it seems like that was the last big chunk because that’s from maybe California of the - US concrete asset. So I just wanted to have you elaborate a little more on kind of rationale behind making the move now. And then when you - as you think about the allocation, you mentioned M&A there's organic investments, I mean, in the obviously now have pretty healthy capital position. So, relative to that before but Ag specific pipeline and relative size of the deals that you think are potentially out that can cross the finish line this year. Anything you can provide there? 
Tom Hill: I would look at the M&A is more traditional bolt-on I think would show which is very much in our footprint. So it has highest returns and deal sizes everything from small and mid-range. Maybe a little better - big some a little bigger than mid-range, but I think that as far as the timing is concerned I think ‘23 was abnormally, I guess, quiet and it was because there was so much insecurity about what we're going to fall off the cliff is there going to be a recession and so when you have all those unknowns, people tend to slow down both buyers and sellers and I think the fact you got that behind you, you'll see some catch up in 2024.
Mike Dahl: And rationale for exiting the ready mix assets? 
Tom Hill: Well, I think, if you look at our assets, we look at our business as collection of assets. And if there were something more to someone besides us and it's not strategic then, we got be another owner and we will take that money and put it back in the aggregates business. And so, this is no different than what you've seen us do. And we exit businesses at times and we exit different product lines at times. And so, this will make sense strategically for us to sell the Texas Ready mix business.
Mike Dahl: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Keith Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead. 
Tom Hill: Hey Keith.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning
Keith Hughes : Hey, how are you doing? Thanks for taking the question. Yeah and just to shift to aggregates asphalt concrete you gave guidance, didn’t down a bit of cash gross profit versus the prior year. Can you talk a little bit more in detail what’s going on like this what you are expecting 2024?
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think the asphalt performance in a 13% gross margin was a really good performance. Now, if you look back about three years ago, everybody was to ask me why I don't you sell that asphalt business and now everybody wants to buy more. So, that's just the asphalt business, but 13-ish percent is a good number. So it's performing well. We see flat at very high levels for 2024 and I would call that hot mix prices offsetting increasing liquid cost and increasing aggregate cost.  So Asphalt is in a very good place and we like our story there. And I think that those teams are performing well. Ready mix, I'd call it virtually flat with the private side challenge - some challenged markets do know that affects the ready mix business, but it's not a bad performance based on some of the private challenge we had. But remember ready mix is 2% of EBITDA. So, I think under the circumstances both businesses do advance. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah, and just in terms of ready mix, Keith, just maybe a couple things helpful to think about the impacts of the divestiture. Our expectations in 2024 for a modest decline and same-store volumes, which were about 4 million cubic yards in 2023. And we expect kind of consistent gross margin performance. I think in longer-term about that. I think that there are low-single – I mean our low-double-digit expectations are still what we're pushing for, that's going to take time and better volumes to get there. But one thing about 2024, where we expect relatively flat gross margins with the weight of the non-cash fixed cost on the volume challenges that Tom mentioned really driven by private non-res. We do expect to see some expansion in cash gross profit margins, and also in per unit profitability given the markets where we've retained our concrete businesses. 
Keith Hughes : Okay. Thank you. 
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead. 
Garik Shmois : Well, hi, thanks. Congrats on the nice results. Wanted follow-up on our cost side. I know it's a little bit more favorable than the preliminary outlook you offered on the 3Q call and you spoke to some broad gauge deformation, getting better as you move through year of operational improvements helping as well. Anything in particular though that changed or has gotten better since the last call that you could point to the cost side. And that’d be helpful. 
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think what you're seeing there is the Vulcan Way of Operating inefficiencies in those plants. And that's embedded in that is technology. It is training which is so important from a safety side but also from a plant availability and inspection of equipment. And then our throughputs – you are seeing our throughputs of crooks sizes start to improve. So it's a combination of easing inflationary pressures, comps kind of level out, but also those operating efficiencies are really, really important to making sure that we our job is to beat inflation, not just live with it. 
Tom Hill: Got it. Thank you. 
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a nice quarter. Maybe understand I thought I heard you say I guess that given the kind of capital that you have, you still have the ability to kind of do organic inorganic and return capital to shareholders. So just wanted to expand on that a little bit. It sounds like on the M&A front you're looking at more bolt-ons. And if I did the math correctly just moving to the midpoint of your kind of leverage allows you to have at least another kind of $2 billion of what kind of capital that you can deploy which seems plenty for both M&A as well as other ways of kind of returning cash to shareholders. So maybe just could you talk about buyback intentions for the year? And then also willingness of potentially levering up above your range - historical range for the right opportunities and returning cash to shareholders? 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah. Sure. I mean, as you referenced, I think we're really well positioned to be able to fund all of our capital allocation priorities in 2024. And as it relates to returning cash to shareholders, doing that via repurchases has long been a part of our capital allocation priorities. I think appropriately following reinvesting in the business, growing the business through both M&A and Greenfields and returning cash, through our sustainable dividends. But with the attractive cash generation and you saw what deferred M&A in 2023, We did repurchase $200 million of shares. And we would enter 2024 thinking about making those capital allocation decisions in the same kind of disciplined manner. And in terms of ,leverage I think for us regardless of where we are, and the - against kind of our target leverage range, what's important is being disciplined about doing the right deals and the deals that are going to have attractive returns for us. And we certainly have overtime levered up even outside the top end of that range with plans to always quickly get back within that two to two-and-a-half times that that we tend to target. 
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you. 
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go ahead. 
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Mary Andrews, Mark, Tom. 
Tom Hill: Good morning. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: I am curious about your thoughts. You've indicated a positive trend for civil public infrastructure and the records state on the transportation budgets, are they prepared and ready to pull through when you see some of the budget numbers in your important States? I'm also curious on how things in California because you hear it certainly CALTRANS has bumped up budget there, but certainly there could be some other issues there. So just a little bit of sense on the public side in your important states how you see the opportunities for bidding and project work going forward? 
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think, they're still challenged but there you go because they got so much money. It's a lot for them to digest but they are growing into it. And as I said, we'll see solid growth in highways in ‘24. We saw low-single-digits in ’23. We’d expect mid-single-digit in ‘24 kind of as expected. But also we got to remember that IJ passed in November of ’21. So we're just past that two year mark and while I say it takes two years. As we've said, it will be a ramp up not a step change in this. I think it will be a ramp up over time and I think that the DOTs are growing into their capital – added resources and the revenues continue to be healthy. There is a lot of money out there, but I would – what I would see here I think is kind of slow and steady wins the race and we'll see improving growth in ‘24 kind of mid-single-digit. I think that will go up in ’25. Again I think that demand will go from ‘26 and I was thinking to go from ’27. So, that slow and steady improvement in public isn't bad particularly when you're compounding unit margins like we are.  As far as CALTRANS, I think they'll be fine. There's always some rumblings numerous times in CALTRANS and funding and people try to grab it. But remember, it is firewall. It has to be used for infrastructure. 
Michael Dudas: Excellent. Thank you, Tom. 
Tom Hill: Thank you. 
Operator: And we'll take our last question from the line of Brent Stillman with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. 
Brent Stillman: Hey, thanks. Tom and Mary. I guess some clarification on the ready mix business kind of refinement of that over the last 12 months. Can you sort of level set us on what that business is now sized? Could you exit it 7.5 million cubic yards in ‘23. Where do we go from here? And I guess my other question on the last is, I think we’ve all been sort of worried about the implications and some this light non-residential activity sort of more interest rates central instructors hitting your business. Could you talk about to what degree that's actually had an impact? Is it been more resilient than you would have expected? 
Tom Hill: I'll take that one, first and then I’ll let Mary Andrews take the ready mix. I think it’s been fairly weak for us. Obviously opposite has been weak, but last year the right size was pretty weak. So kind of more of the same on that still challenged by interest rates. And Mike, I would tell you that my view of that is that the more traditional ex office building, more traditional like non-residential construction usually follows creation of subdivisions. And so we're back in growth mode, subdivision. So I would expect us some time, maybe ‘25 middle of ‘25 that starts to impact that sector of the light risk. So it probably has a brighter future than what we've seen in ‘23 and ’24. But it was kind of when I try to describe ‘24 is more of the same for ‘23. 
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yeah, and in terms of ready mix, we completed the divestiture of the Texas Concrete in mid-November and had disclosed that was about 4 million cubic yards annually. So that that puts us in 2023 at about 4 million cubic yards on a same-store basis. We would expect those volumes to decline modestly and our 2024 outlook of the those cash gross profit dollars being 30% of that 275 kind of as I said consistent from a gross margin percentage standpoint with 2023 that, expansion from a cash gross profit percentage standpoint and not business where we're focused on continuing to improve that margin performance over time for the retained assets that we have which we believe are very attractive and well-structured ready mix markets.
Brent Stillman: Okay. Thank you. 
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Tom for any closing remarks. 
Tom Hill: Thank you for your time this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. We look forward to talk to you throughout the quarter. Please keep yourselves and your family safe. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome, everyone, to the Vulcan Materials Company Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Angela, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] After the company's prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Now, I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. During the Q&A, we ask that you limit your participation to one question. This will allow us to accommodate as many as possible during the time we have available. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining our call this morning. In September, we officially surpassed our prior goal of $9 per ton cash gross profit on a trailing 12-month basis, and that was before reaching the 230 million tons on a same-store basis and despite macro challenges over the past four years that none of us likely anticipated back in the fall of 2019 when we initially set that target. This accomplishment perfectly demonstrates the durability of our aggregates-led business, and I'm really proud of how our teams continue to execute at a high level. Compounding profitability through the solid execution of our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating Strategic Disciplines is at the core of who we are across our coast-to-coast footprint. Today, our teams are intensely focused on our new target of $11 to $12 of cash gross profit per ton. Cash gross profit per ton growth is key to increasing our free cash flow and continuing to create value for our shareholders. In the quarter, we generated $602 million of adjusted EBITDA, which is a 19% improvement over the prior year. Our aggregates, asphalt and concrete product lines all posted another quarter of year-over-year gross margin improvement. In the aggregates segment gross margin expanded by 200 basis points and cash gross profit per ton improved by 18% despite lower volumes. Shipments declined 2% in the quarter with variations across end uses and geographies. Residential weakness impacted the majority of our markets, while at the same time many of our markets are seeing improving momentum in highway shipments. Private non-residential construction activity related to large industrial and manufacturing projects continue to drive healthy volume growth, particularly in Georgia and the Carolinas. Remember, footprint matters in the aggregates business. Ours is unmatched in the Southeast, where private demand dynamics are currently strongest, and across the country in states where IIJA investments will be the most significant. Pricing momentum continued across our footprint, with all geographies achieving healthy year-over-year increases. Average selling prices improved 15% in the quarter and 3% sequentially, more than offsetting continued inflationary cost pressures. In asphalt, gross margin improved 660 basis points. Shipments increased 11% and across most geographies with particular strength in California. Average selling prices improved 2% and cash unit profitability improved over 50%, benefiting from lower liquid asphalt costs and solid manufacturing cost control. Concrete gross margins improved 120 basis points. Cash unit profitability improved by over 30%, despite lower volume that continued to be impacted by the slowdown in residential construction activity. Remember, prior year concrete segment earnings benefited from the contribution of the now divested New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania concrete operations. Through the first nine months of the year, we have executed well and successfully navigated evolving macro dynamics. Let me comment briefly on what we are currently seeing in each end use. Starting with residential, we are encouraged by the recent growth in single-family permits and starts in many geographies over the last three months. On the other hand, after providing some support for overall residential demand, multi-family starts have now begun to pull back from historically high levels. Affordability and higher mortgage rates are likely to continue to have some impact on residential activity, but the underlying fundamentals remain firmly in place. Vulcan markets have low housing inventory levels and favorable demographics, driving the need for additional housing. In private non-residential construction, trends differ across categories. As expected, warehouse activity, the largest non-res category, has softened, but manufacturing activity remains at high levels and is concentrated in Vulcan states. We have booked and are shipping on numerous large manufacturing projects where we offer customers a differentiated solution with our advantaged footprint and logistics capabilities. On the public side, leading indicators remain supportive of continued growth in both highway and infrastructure. Trailing 12-month highway starts are up 18% and 2024 state budgets are at record levels. We continue to expect accelerating growth in public construction activity into next year and continued growth for the next several years. Our nimble sales and operating teams are well prepared to deliver value for our customers in any demand environment and to continue to improve unit profitability and drive value for our shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our third quarter performance and upgraded 2023 outlook. Mary Andrews?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Over the last 12 months, we have improved our adjusted EBITDA margin by 220 basis points, posted a 97% free cash flow conversion ratio before our strategic reserve purchases, returned $275 million to shareholders via dividends and repurchases, improved our return on invested capital by 180 basis points, and reduced our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage to 1.8 times. Our robust operational performance that Tom highlighted, coupled with our sound capital allocation and strong balance sheet, position us well for continued success on our strategic objectives of further enhancing our core and expanding our reach. As part of our ongoing portfolio optimization, we are currently working to finalize an agreement for the disposition of our Texas concrete assets. As a result, during the quarter, we classified these assets as held for sale and recorded a $28 million pretax charge to adjust the carrying value to fair value. During the first nine months, we have invested $411 million in maintenance and growth capital. We continue to expect to spend between $600 million and $650 million on maintenance and growth capital and $200 million on strategic reserve purchases for the full year. Year to date, our SAG expenses have increased a modest 3% and improved by 30 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Year-over-year increases are due mostly to higher incentive accruals congruent with improved earnings. Our investments in talent and technology to support our business objectives are paying off in operational results. After another quarter of strong operational execution and financial results, we now expect to achieve between $1.95 billion and $2 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2023, a greater than 20% improvement versus the prior year at the midpoint. We plan on carrying this strong momentum into next year. So I'll now turn the call back over to Tom to provide some initial commentary on 2024 and a few closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. While we are still finalizing our operating plans for 2024, let me offer some early commentary on our expectations, and I'll start with the two things I'm most confident in regarding 2024. First, aggregates pricing momentum. For the last seven quarters, aggregate prices have exceeded historical norms, and the price environment remains quite positive. Our Vulcan Way of Selling is driving our commercial execution. We expect prices to improve at least high single-digit in 2024. Second, public demand. We are confident in growing public demand, supported by the recent growth in contract award activity and healthy state DOT budgets for 2024. We expect public construction activity to accelerate next year. Now, there's more uncertainty regarding the impact of the microeconomic environment on private demand that makes it, frankly, a little bit or too early to call. While current trends in single-family residential activity are positive, uncertainty remains as to how higher rates and affordability challenges may impact that sector overall and influence whether or not it returns to growth next year. In private non-residential demand, similar uncertainties exist as to how a higher rate environment could impact the sector overall. Additionally, if warehouse activity continues to pull back from the recent historical high levels, it may further mask the current strength in manufacturing activity and will be a key driver of the decline - the degree of decline in non-residential demand. We'll give you an update in February as to how we see these dynamics unfolding and what that means for aggregate shipments in 2024. I am confident that our teams are well equipped to deliver unit profitability growth in any macro environment, and they have a proven track record of doing so. Over the last 12 months, even in the face of a volatile macro backdrop and lower aggregate shipments, our aggregates cash gross profit per ton has expanded by 18% and our adjusted EBITDA has improved 17%. As we work to finish this year strong and finalize our plans for 2024 over the next couple of months, we remain focused on keeping our people safe, stay committed to our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating Disciplines and continue to deliver value for our shareholders. And now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Trey Grooms: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So Tom, I wanted to kind of follow up on the last bit of your commentary here. And I appreciate some of your high-level comments around demand and the end markets. But could you maybe give us enough color where we could try to triangulate maybe the possibilities, if it is possible to call at this point, of if volume could be in positive territory next year as you kind of look at those three or four end markets and understanding there's a lot of uncertainty here? But any additional color you could give us around that would be helpful.
Tom Hill: Yes. Trey, good morning. Probably a little early to call specifics. I'd say that footprint is going to matter, and I like ours because of the position in the Southeast, it wouldn't surprise me if we saw a modest decline next year similar to what we've seen this year, but we get there a different way. Some challenges on the private side. Single-family we think has hit bottom and is improving. And I think we can get to growth when looking at the full year for 2024. Multi-family, as you know, will be a headwind. So in non-res, I think we've got some - it's a mixed bag. We've got some challenges on the light side and our warehouses. Warehouse starts have gotten a little weaker. The headwinds in light warehouses will be partially offset, I think, by the big industrial projects, which really fit us now. Now, we'll - you'll definitely see growth on the private side, both in highways and non-highway infrastructure, driven by state, local and the big IIJA funding. All that said, to your point, I think I could make a scenario to get flat volume next year, but at this point, I'd probably lead us to a modest decline. But that all that being said, remember that similar to this year, we should still realize really strong earnings growth next year, even if we do have a modest decline in volume.
Trey Grooms: Got it. Okay. Thanks for those thoughts, Tom. I appreciate it. I'll pass it on.
Tom Hill: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Morning, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hi. Good morning.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Hi, Tyler.
Tyler Brown: Hi. Good morning. Hi, I know there's obviously going to be a lot of chatter about volumes, but I kind of want to come back to this idea about unit revenues versus unit costs, because it feels like costs are just remaining stubbornly sticky. Volumes are stubbornly opaque. So despite both of those, though, you guys have expanded unit margins. So can you just talk about your confidence in the durability of expanding those margins into next year, kind of regardless of what the market throws at you? And Mary Andrews, just any thoughts on what unit cost inflation ex-fuel could? Thanks.
Tom Hill: Yes. Let me take - I think I'll take price first. And you are right, we'll expand margins, and I think we'll see another year of really strong unit margin growth even in the face of inflation. And it's really because we carry really good pricing momentum into 2024. That visibility into healthy public demand growth and you couple that with rising energy prices really sets up a good environment for price. Our conversations with our customers for January price increases, I think, have gone very well. If you look at our backlog prices, I think they are very healthy. And as we look at 2024 prices, I'd expect at least high single digit, but I could also see a path to low double-digit pricing. So at this point, we carry really good - we carry excellent pricing momentum into 2024, and we'll more than offset inflation and see strong unit margin growth.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. Tyler, and in terms of cost and evaluating next year, I think it's probably helpful to think about our recent trends on a trailing 12-month basis. You'll remember on a year-over-year basis, trailing 12-month, total cost, cash cost to sales, began rising in the first quarter last year. And we saw it ramp considerably that delta for five quarters before peaking in the first quarter of this year. It's since moderated for the last two quarters modestly. And we expect that trend to continue. We just think it's going to be gradual. So as we think into next year, I think what that means is higher than historical average cost increases in 2024, possibly even high single digits. But as you started with the pricing momentum that Tom described, we can still deliver attractive gross margin improvement and, definitely, unit profitability improvement next year.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Excellent. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hi, Garik.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for having me. I was wondering if you can expand on just that last comment, Tom, with respect to seeing a path to low double-digit pricing next year, recognizing you don't have a formal guidance just yet and you do expect pricing to be at least high single digits. Is that based on the conversations that you guys are having now with the customers and perhaps better-than-expected discussions? Does it require carryover from any mid-year increases you got this year? Or does it require any additional mid-year pricing next year? Just any additional color on how we get to low double digits in 2024?
Tom Hill: Yes. On price, first of all, I would say that it's high single digit, low double digit. The January price increases conversations gone very well. And as you pointed out, I think as we've seen for the last few years, we'll have mid-year price increase discussions with our customers. It's just part of the norm now. We'll - well, I guess we'll check back in in February with a little more color on that and have a lot clearer view of it. But again, I think as we look forward, it looks pretty good from a price perspective. On cost, as Mary Andrews said, it's - the place is just stubborn for us. And where we've looked past, had low single digit each year. This year - up until 2022, this year, we're at low double digit. But as Mary Andrews says, starting to fall off, but it's - I think it's slower than maybe I would have expected six months ago.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hi, Anthony.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi. Good morning. Tom, on private non-residential, you talked about some of these large manufacturing projects in the Southeast helping to offset weakness in some of the lighter categories. And I'm just wondering, as you look over the past few months and as we think about '24, have you seen any kind of incremental slowdown or delays in some of these megaprojects? Or are they coming kind of on time or maybe faster than expected? I guess, we've seen some new stories about maybe availability of skilled labor and contractors in some cases impacting individual projects. But I don't know if that was something that was widespread or something that you're seeing with your customer set.
Tom Hill: Actually, I think just the opposite. We've seen them come on strong. At this point, I think we booked 11 of those very large projects and starting to ship those. It'll be more of a 2024 play. Those 11 that I'm thinking of make up about 12 million tons. As we look out, I think we are - probably over the next year, we'll bid another six, seven, eight of these big projects that would constitute another 14 million tons. So the large industrials are going to move the needle for us in 2024. Geography really helps here. There's Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, where a lot of those are right in our footprint. So our geography has really helped us here. But from our perspective, they've gone probably a little faster than maybe we have anticipated. So - but remember, we are first coming out of the ground, so supply chain probably impacts us less than maybe others does.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hi, Stanley.
Stanley Elliott: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for the question. Hi, Tom, could you talk a little bit more about kind of what you're seeing at the state budget level? It seems to be kind of a different part of the story maybe from prior years. And just how that can help the public markets accelerate into next year?
Tom Hill: Yes. Good question. And actually, it's going well. As you know, we always say it takes two years for the money to go to work. And if you remember, IIJA was past November of '21. So we are at a two-year mark, and we are starting to see it come on. It'll be a gradual growth rate over time. We will see growth in 2024. We see it in the awards. Trailing 12 months is up 17% on awards. But if you look at the - to your point, if you look at the state DOT capital budgets for 2024, they're actually really big. You probably won't see all of that in '24, but it'll sure sets us up well. For example, I think Alabama is up 29% capital budget. California is up 5%, but 50% over three years in California. So we are starting to see that money flow through. Florida will be up 20%. Tennessee's budget doubles. And Texas is up 21%. So this will be a multi-year play. They can't put all that money to work in 2024, but sure sets us up. Some of it will go to work in '24, but it sets us up also for '24 and '25. I think that, again, all this is really setting us up well for '24, '25 and '26.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question today. I know there's a lot of questions just about the rest of '23 and the outlook for 2024. But stepping back and looking at the big picture, there's been a bit of activity in the industry from an M&A standpoint and some rumblings of greater slowdown in the economy in 2024, which can be opportunities for growth for companies well as positioned as yourself. As you think about these type of opportunities and just areas of growth for Vulcan, how do you position yourself and what geographies and/or products are at top of the list in terms of growth initiatives for Vulcan? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yes. Well, aggregates is always going to be the top of the list, and bolt-ons in our footprint will give us the best returns. As I look at the M&A market right now, from, say, six or eight months ago, it's actually picked up. I think over the next several months, over the next several quarters, we should see some strategic bolt-on acquisitions. And I think that we've got some really good opportunities there. I think we'll also, over the next two years, see a marked pickup in greenfield starts as we got some really good opportunities in adjacent markets to add some new facilities that we've been working on for the last five to 10 years. So I think both will pick up. As always, our biggest growth engine is going to be improving cash gross profit per ton in aggregates. And I think, as we've heard earlier in this conversation, while we've had a great year in '23, I think we'll also have a really strong year because of pricing momentum and our operating disciplines as we look out to 2024. So I'm very encouraged with growth on all fronts at this point.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Morning, Jerry.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Morning.
Jerry Revich: Hi, Tom, Mary Andrews. Good morning. I'm wondering if we could just talk about the opportunity that you folks have from the logistics services and other initiatives outside of price cost. You've had, over the past 10 years, 10% compounded CAGR and profitability. You've had some contribution outside of price cost from those initiatives. And can we just ask you for an update on how that's tracking and the opportunity set over the next couple of years?
Tom Hill: Yes. That's - it's quietly gone very well for us, and that's been, I think, a strategic advantage of servicing our customers, particularly on these very large projects. They're complex. They are all - quality and delivery makes a big difference, because those projects have a time frame and some of them have damages, if you're not on time and if you can't get it there and get the right product there to hold the project up, it's worth more than the price of aggregates. So I think that, both from a price perspective and a volume perspective, quietly has been a strategic advantage for us.
Jerry Revich: And the outlook from here, Tom? Any particular acceleration, because it seems like it's contributed to the unit profitability CAGR about 1 points to 2 points generally?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think that it will continue to grow. I think we continue to add new features to that, including back office features that make it easier for our customers to do business with us. So I think, again, we're not done with it and we continue to learn and improve upon it.
Jerry Revich: Thanks.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Morning, Mike.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Morning.
Mike Dahl: Morning. Thanks for taking my question. We talked about the downstream businesses, maybe give us an update on how you're thinking about them for this year within the guide and then if you do have any initial thoughts on kind of the volume and price or price cost outlook, similar to how you outlined for aggregates for your downstream businesses next year, that would be great.
Tom Hill: Yes. So asphalt, it's been a great year. It was a really strong quarter. Volumes were up 11%, margins up 50%. And we really helped - first of all, we are in really good asphalt markets, but we're also obviously helped by liquid - fall in liquid and, on top of that, really good pricing momentum for hot mix. As we look to 2024, I'd say we are still doing the work. I think there's potentially some challenges from liquid pricing going up. I think demand will be okay, but I think we'll give you a lot more color in February. As I looked at ready-mix, as we called out kind of early in the year, where we struggled with unit margins because of inflation and energy last year, we got past that with price as we predicted. Volumes in the quarter were a little challenged on a same-store basis, and that's really driven by single-family construction. But prices were up 10% and unit margins were up over 30%. Next year, I think it's a little early to call, because of the volatility in the private side. We just got to see more. That said, I think we do have pretty good pricing momentum going into '24 on concrete.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: And I think just longer term, we think about that ready-mix business as kind of low double-digit gross margin. And I think as we move ahead, we'll continue improving back towards that. On asphalt, same thing probably through the cycle, high single digits, maybe low double digits. We're ahead of that right now, because of timing on energy, but the margin recovery in both businesses is exciting, and we'd expect that to continue.
Mike Dahl: Great. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners: Morning, guys. Thanks for all the great detail. I guess, I know I asked yet, I figured I'd touch on the Mexican quarry updates, because there was some news recently that the government offered you something north of $300 million, and that was not accepted. So just wondering what the latest there is, what you're holding out for. I know you've quoted some press reports of closer to over $1 billion, but just trying to get a sense of maybe any timing there or the latest in that process. Thanks.
Tom Hill: Yes. As far as - you got to remember, as far as a number is concerned, we have a confidentiality agreement with the NAFTA tribunal. So we can't quote numbers. There's been some quoted in the Mexican press. As far as the business value of that business is concerned, the simple story is that we're waiting for the results of the NAFTA claim. The NAFTA tribunal heard the case in August. We like our position. We like how that hearing went. We should get those results sometime next year. And as far as the property rights and our property down there, we'll protect our ownership - we'll simply protect our ownership of our land in Mexico.
Timna Tanners: So them offering you something before the results of the NAFTA panel was just, what, to try to get around that ultimate result maybe? That seems strange.
Tom Hill: I can't - I don't want to predict the dealings of the Mexican government. I can't explain that to you.
Timna Tanners: Understood. All right. Thanks again.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Philip Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Hi, Phil.
Philip Ng: Hi, guys. You guys called out some cross currents in your non-res business, notably between manufacturing and warehouse. Can you help size up these two end markets for you from a percentage of your business or tons? And any nuances between the aggregates intensity of these two different end markets?
Tom Hill: Yes. Well, I would tell you, first of all, both of them are really aggregate intensive because they're big and they're flat. But let me just kind of see if I can size up the non-res sector for you. I think, first of all, non-residential demand has been much better in '23 than we originally anticipated back in February, really supported by warehouses and the large manufacturing projects. As we look to '24, I think non-residential construction demand will have some segments up and some segments down. The larger manufacturing projects, which you pointed out, are really good for aggregates and particularly good for Vulcan. As I pointed out, so many of those are right in our footprint, and we are - we've already backlogged almost a dozen of them. So we'll service a little bit of that this year, but most of it will go into '24. Warehousing demand held up really good in '23. It's at record levels, but we see some risk as starts are now slowing, as we had anticipated. We thought we'd get hit with some of that at '23, but so far so good. But I think we're probably anticipating some of that for '24. We'll continue to see some challenges to light because of macroeconomics. But even with some challenges to non-res, I think our markets outperform because of the big, large industrials and how many have we backlogged.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Phil, in terms of composition of shipments, we don't necessarily track shipments to that level. But I think you could think about it in terms of contract awards. And so in private non-res, warehouses now make up probably close to 50% of the contract awards; and the industrial manufacturing, probably 10% to 15%.
Philip Ng: Okay. And then you guys gave us some good color for 2024 in terms of the big drivers, low single-digit volume declines potentially in aggs, double-digit price, and then potentially high single-digit cost inflation. Mary Andrews, I guess if I had to unpack that, I get to low-teen cash gross profit per ton growth next year. Am I generally in the strike zone?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Well, I think it's just too early for us to give you - to go there, really. We'll come back in February with more specifics. But as we've talked about, we definitely see good opportunities for continued unit profitability growth next year.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think, overall, your assumptions are - again, we got - some of that could fluctuate by the time we get to February. But at this point, I don't think your assumptions are way off.
Philip Ng: Okay. Thanks, Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Yes. A question on diesel. What role is that playing in the guidance for the fourth quarter? And at current prices, what would that look like to start next year?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. So in the quarter - in the third quarter, diesel was really up and down, but was a net benefit. Thinking as we move forward, if diesel stays at the levels we saw in September, fourth quarter would probably be essentially a push. Looking into next year, we think on average, diesel will be higher year over year, but it's probably too early to call exactly what that will look like. As you know, for us, diesel can be a temporary challenge, but it's also an opportunity.
Keith Hughes: And while we're on cost, one other question, I know a lot of your other inputs, components in this kind of the world has been continued to stay high. Will - are you hearing from your suppliers more potential increases to begin calendar '24?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think everything is sequentially staying up. We are in those negotiations. I think a little early to call that right now from - for the big movers. The one we think will be up will be energy. Both diesel and electricity will probably be up. But as far as the other inputs, I think that it's stayed a lot more stubborn than we would anticipated. I don't think we are - at this point, we call up probably high single for next year, but it's really too early to call as we're doing the operating plans and the negotiations with our suppliers at this point.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Morning, Mike.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Mary Andrews. Mark and Tom. For Tom and Mary Andrews, when you talked about you allocated capital towards the land acquisitions here this quarter, up to $200 million, you talked about 2023. Maybe you can share like how that progress is and what's the medium-, longer-term timing on some of the greenfield opportunities? Are there some that are closer rather than others? And on a big picture basis, how much is that kind of, if you think about, relative to investing the capital into those types of projects?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. So this year, those strategic reserve purchases, as you would have seen, we completed the majority of that in the third quarter. And we are working on our capital planning for next year right now. And Tom mentioned earlier, we do have a healthy pipeline of greenfield opportunities at varying stages. So we are working now to define what that spending will look like for 2024. I think if you think of capex overall as we go into next year, we think that the current levels for operating and maintenance capex are appropriate for our current business needs and kind of where we are in the cycle. The growth is the part that will move around a little bit more, but we wouldn't expect the same level of land purchases next year as this year.
Michael Dudas: Okay. And you would add - so there's capacity growth potential in those states or others as you're looking out medium to longer term as those markets continue to be attractive for you guys...
Tom Hill: Yes. I think the answer is that yes. It's also - what you're looking at is where are the growth quarters and how do you get the most effective logistic position to those future growth quarters and what's the timing of putting the capital in. And that's the beauty of a greenfield is you can time the capital and you can - you don't have to go in all at once. So if you've got a faster growing market where your greenfield is, you'd put a big plan in. And if you got - if it's out there and you just want - in a slow growth, you'd put maybe a portable or smaller plan in. But I think that in a number of these, it is getting the most strategic position in those markets at the right time.
Michael Dudas: Thank you, Mary Andrews, Tom.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my question.
Tom Hill: Morning, David.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Morning.
David MacGregor: Good morning, Tom. Good morning, Mary Andrews. I guess my question is just on the timing on project starts. And I guess, are you seeing much in terms of change in the lag between awards announcements and aggregate shipments? I mean, is that lag greater than you would have otherwise expected at this point? And we've had quite a bit of inflation, obviously, in materials and labor and services. And I'm guessing a number of these projects are running above engineers' estimates. Any projects being held back or delayed as a consequence of inflationary concerns and expectations that, if they were to defer, they might get better economics further down the road?
Tom Hill: As far as delay - as far as people - projects getting pushed back, we saw a little bit of that in a couple of states I'd say nine months ago. We're not seeing that today at all. In fact, states are working hard to get projects out. Inflation has definitely had an impact on project costs, but we are still seeing growth in demand this year and we'll see growth in demand next year despite inflation. And as you heard me talk about earlier, budgets are up in a number of states, what I'd say, dramatically. So I think they understand that. I don't think I worry about projects being pushed back from a cost perspective. If it is delays to projects, it's really delays to getting into lettings because of capacity of DOTs growing into the funding. But again, I think all that taken in. We continue to see gradual growth in highway demand next year and the next year and the next year and the next year.
David MacGregor: Are you seeing much in the way of revisions to engineers' estimates?
Tom Hill: I'm sorry. I misunderstood you.
David MacGregor: Are you seeing much in the way of revisions to engineers' estimates?
Tom Hill: Yes. They're going up, and I think they're adjusting to it appropriately. But there's a lag there and they're playing a little bit of catch-up because of inflation.
David MacGregor: Thank you, Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Morning.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Michael Feniger: Morning. Thanks for taking my questions. You gave some great color on 2024. Just to kind of put a finer point on it, when we think of the price versus cost spread you guys achieved in Q3, is that price versus cost spread expanding in 2024 or staying the same, given kind of the moving pieces you were indicating earlier?
Tom Hill: I think the simple answer is, and you're not going to like, it was a little early to call. We're still figuring that out. We're trying to give you color very early on price and cost. And I think on price, we said high single digit, maybe in the low double digit on cost, really early on cost because we're estimating high single digit, but we're doing the work right now including negotiating with our vendors and doing the operating plans. I think what I am encouraged about on the cost perspective is I think we'll see improved operating efficiencies because of the automation in the - what we've done in the plants, but also the complete program of the Vulcan Way of Operating. But to call that margin growth at this point, I think we're just a little bit early. We'll be back to you in February.
Michael Feniger: Appreciate that. And when we think of next year, how you kind of outlined potential movement in shipments when we think of the cadence to residential, public, light versus heavy? I'm just curious if you kind of help us understand how you think the cadence kind of plays out for next year. Is it - do you start strong? Or does it actually kind of get better through the year? You have kind of easier comps potentially in the second half. Just how we kind of think of these moving pieces, how that rolls through next year?
Tom Hill: I don't know that I have - we've got that down yet. I think the puts and takes for next year go like this. And this is - and I'm not answering questions as far as sequencing to quarterly, but more what would be on the high side and what would drive us lower. And I think, number one, speed of - and really important, speed of how the dollars going to work and going to shipments will be at the forefront. Second would be, does single-family come roaring back or is it maybe a little slower? I hopefully think we'll see growth in single family. It's how fast and how far. And the macroeconomic - the macro - the demand - the fundamentals for demand in single-families there. But you're fighting, obviously, cost and inflationary pressures and the price of a house. On non res, it will be the speed of the big projects versus what happens with warehouses. So I think that those are kind of the puts and takes. I'm not sure that as far as the sequencing quarter to quarter, I think we got to do some work on that. But those will be the puts and takes of if we have the high end, the low end when we get to guidance in February.
Michael Feniger: Perfect. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Rohit Seth with Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Rohit Seth: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Tom Hill: Hi, Rohit.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Morning.
Rohit Seth: Good morning. My question is on the Vulcan Way of Operating. You guys had mentioned on past calls that you had made some investments over the past couple of years. I know you touched on the logistics side, but I think there's some plant-level stuff that you had in the works and we're looking forward to potentially being needle movers in 2024. Do you still think those are going to be needle movers next year? And if you can help us think about what to expect and if you can quantify any impact, that'd be great.
Tom Hill: Yes. It's really hard to quantify, particularly at this point, as those operating plans are being developed and will be presented to us in December. From a high level, we - the investment we did and the top probably 70% of our operating facilities or tons from a volume perspective, that investment is in place. Now, once you get it in place, you've got to get the technical piece for each plant has to come out. We're working on that as we speak. I think we'll be through that by the time we get to the first, second quarter of next year or at least mid-year next year. So we'll see some marked improvements, I believe, in operating efficiencies, putting that to dollars and cents. That work is going on right now, and we won't be done with it until December. So we'll have to get back with you in February.
Rohit Seth: All right. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to our presenters for any additional remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Please keep yourselves and your families safe and healthy. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vulcan Materials Company's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Angela, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted at our website. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. As the operator said, in the interest of time, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for your interest in Vulcan Materials today. Our results through the first half of 2023 highlight both the attractive fundamentals of our aggregates-led business and Vulcan's commitment to compounding profitability through our solid execution of our Vulcan web selling and both with operating strategic disciplines. I'm proud of our teams for delivering yet another quarter of improvement in our trailing 12-month aggregates cash gross profit per ton. That marks 20 of the last 22 quarters. This exceptional execution, coupled with better-than-expected demand environment gives us confidence in our ability to deliver between $1.9 billion and $2 billion in adjusted EBITDA this year. In the quarter, we generated $595 million of adjusted EBITDA, which is a 32% improvement over the prior year. Gross margin expanded by 480 basis points, and importantly, each product line delivered year-over-year improvement. In the Aggregates segment, gross margin improved by 290 basis points. Cash gross profit per ton improved by 22% with healthy year-over-year price improvement and moderating year-over-year cost increases. Shipments declined a modest 1% in the quarter, but were varied across markets. On one hand, we saw a solid growth in our key southeastern markets, where we have the most attractive Aggregates footprint. And we were pleased with the rebound of sales in California after a very wet first quarter. On the other hand, weather continued to be a challenge in Texas. And remember, softer residential activity wait on most markets. All geographies benefited from the continued strong underlying price environment. Our mix adjusted sales price improved 15% in the quarter. Attractive price growth should continue to drive improvement in our unit profitability as we progress through the back half of this year and into next year. In Asphalt, cash gross profit nearly tripled from the prior year to $66 million, and cash unit profitability improved over $10 a ton. Volume growth of 16%, price improvement of 9% and lower liquid asphalt costs all contribute to the stable results. Gross margin improved almost 1,200 basis points. Concrete cash unit profitability improved by 24% in the quarter, and this is despite lower volumes that were impacted by the slowdown in residential construction activity. Prior year Concrete segment benefited for the contribution of the now divested New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania Concrete operations. Now starting with residential. Let me provide a few thoughts about each end market. To date, the impact of the slowdown in residential activity has not been as significant as most of us initially feared. Recent permits and starts were showing that some areas have reached the bottom, and the cinema among homebuilders is much improved. These trends along with the solid underlying fundamentals for residential demand growth such as low inventories, favorable demographic trends and employment growth in our market suggests that single-family demand will bottom in the second half of this year and be -- and then start recovering thereafter. In the private nonresidential construction segment, starts remained at healthy levels, with particular strength in large manufacturing and industrial projects. Our strong Southeastern footprint and logistics innovation efforts are making us a supplier of choice on many of these projects. As an example, we have booked and are currently shipping to projects such as battery plants, electric vehicle manufacturing facilities, LNG facilities and large warehouse parks. On the public side, demand is unfolding largely as we expected, Funding from the infrastructure investment and Jobs Act is beginning to flow through and the pipeline is building with trailing 12-month highway starts up over 20%. 2024 state budgets are at very healthy levels. And internally, our bookings and backlog reflect this increased activity. The level of this year's shipments will depend upon how quickly this increased activity converts to shipments. We expect accelerating growth into next year and continued growth for the next several years. Trailing 12-month other infrastructure starts are also over -- up over 20%. In addition to significant IIJA funding for water, energy, ports and shipments, strong state and local revenue support growth in non-highway investments. Based on the improved private demand backdrop, our first half shipment -- and our first half shipments, we now expect Aggregates volumes to decline between 1% to 4% in 2023 and as compared to our initial expectations of a decline between 2% and 6%. Of course, regardless of the demand environment, our focus is to consistently improve unit profitability and grow earnings that we create value for our shareholders. We're well positioned to do exactly that this year and deliver approximately 20% year-over-year improvement in both our cash gross profit per ton and adjusted EBITDA. And now I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our second quarter and an update for 2023 outlook.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Our strong operational performance through the first 6 months in this year exhibits the benefits of our strategic focus on enhancing our core. We have improved our adjusted EBITDA margin by 350 basis points year-to-date through a combination of gross margin expansion and disciplined SAG cost management. This operational execution and resulting cash generation have allowed us to deploy capital toward each of our long-standing priorities, to improve our return on invested capital and to maintain the strength of our investment-grade balance sheet. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $677 million in maintenance and growth capital including strategic greenfields. Additionally, we have deployed $340 million for acquisitions, and we've returned $271 million to shareholders via a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We have improved our return on invested capital by 110 basis points on a trailing 12-month basis. And we have reduced our leverage on a net debt to adjusted EBITDA basis to 2x at June 30, 2023, from 2.5x at June 30, 2022. We are well positioned to execute on our strategic objectives of further enhancing our core and also expanding our reach. Talent and technology are critical to achieve our business objectives, and we continue to invest in both while remaining focused on further leveraging our SAG costs. Trailing 12-month, SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue have improved by 50 basis points. Now let me shift to the updates to our full year guidance. As Tom mentioned, we now expect to generate between $1.9 billion and $2 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2023, a 17% to 23% improvement over the prior year. Our revised outlook results in the update to our aggregates volume expectations that Tom described, in addition to the momentum in our Asphalt business. With our non-aggregates businesses now in margin recovery mode, we expect to generate approximately $295 million of cash gross profit from our downstream businesses. With 50% to 55% of the total expected from Asphalt and 45% to 50% of the total expected from Concrete. We continue to expect to spend between $600 million and $650 million on maintenance and growth capital. Additionally, we expect to spend approximately $200 million on opportunistic purchases of strategic reserves in California, North Carolina and Texas, 3 important markets for Vulcan Materials. Because reserves are critical to our long-term success, our land portfolio is extensive and a strategic focus for us. We take a disciplined approach to securing high-quality reserves, the timing of which often depends on a combination of availability, alternative use of the cash and tax efficiency. We manage the entire life cycle of our land to create maximum value for the business, for our shareholders and for our communities, putting land to work both before and after mining. Our excess properties once completely mined and often reclaimed to their highest and best use can generate significant value such as the 2021 sale of previously mined property in Southern California that was reclaimed for commercial and retail development and sold for over $180 million. Of course, the timing of buying and selling land can be uneven, but our focus is on the strategic management of our land portfolio. All other aspects of the full year guidance, as reaffirmed or updated in May remain unchanged. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. In closing, I want to thank and congratulate our teams on an outstanding performance in the first half of this year, and I want to challenge them to remain focused on our Vulcan web selling and Vulcan web operating disciplines so that we can continue to compound improvements and drive value for our shareholders. Most importantly, we will remain committed to each other and keeping each other safe. And now Mary Andrews and I will be glad to take the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms: Nice work in the quarter.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Trey.
Trey Grooms: So I guess I wanted to touch on the guide specifically the increase in your volume outlook for the year, I think, Tom, and I know you have some things maybe from a high level, but could you maybe go into a little bit more detail on the primary drivers there, especially as you kind of look on the private side, on res and private non-res, and is that adjustment that you've made here for the full year based more on what you've seen in the results year-to-date or an improvement in the outlook for the balance of the year?
Tom Hill: This last part of that is, I'd say both. We had a strong start, and I think things are looking better than what we had thought at the beginning of the year. Volume in the quarter was only down 1%. It was a great recovery in California, where we had a big washout in the first quarter. Texas was wet in the first quarter, it was wet in the second quarter, causing shipments to be down year-over-year. Interesting in the second quarter, the Southeast was also wet. But after those wet days, we're seeing a faster recovery in these markets. I mean, the volumes go up as soon as it drives out, volumes pop and so that's good news for all of us. The private demand has been stronger than we anticipated. Both single-family and multifamily shipments have held up better than I think our original projections. Nonres has also been better, as we said, driven by the heavy side. So that's why we raised our guidance to negative 1% to negative 4%. Highways, I think, finishes the year about where we thought low single digit. We got really backlogs and bookings are growing. So we'll really build in 2024. But at the end of it, the private side was just stronger -- has been stronger and will be stronger than we originally anticipated.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Just wanted to piggyback on Trey's question with respect to the volume outlook. I was wondering, if you could speak a little bit more just for the light non-res side that the players are recognizing that the heavy piece has been strong. Are you seeing any change in trend there? And then also highways are -- it sounds like as expected this year. Just curious if there's any visibility to what kind of growth we might anticipate into 2024.
Tom Hill: I'll take non-res first. As I said, it's been a lot better than we thought. It's really driven by as you would expect, warehouse, distribution center. And now we've got the heavy industrial projects coming on, which have been very helpful. I would say a little bit of risk in some geographies and some sectors next year as we've seen maybe some slow in starts in Texas and warehouses. That said, if you look at that segment, warehouse segment in some of our stronger markets like -- strong markets like Georgia, Florida, California, Arizona, we're still seeing growth in starts and warehouses in those markets. So a little bit mixed bag of warehouses. I'd say other really good news in non-res is that we continue to see the big growth in the heavy industrial projects in our footprint. And these projects carry substantial volume needs. We have, I think, 11 of these big projects that we've already booked, most of them were already shipping on, and they'll carry out through 2024. On top of that, we're currently bidding on a number of projects that, as you know, won't ship until '24, '25. So in this sector, geography really does matter. So better growth in non-res than I think we originally expected. I'm sorry, your second question was on how we demand. It's really a matter of timing. We're seeing a lot of growth in -- we're seeing growth in bidding. The funding, as you know, the federal side, the state side and the local side is very good. Highway lettings continue to build our bookings in our backlogs and highways continues to build. And as you know, what we're bidding today, and what we're looking today, we'll ship in '24. So again, low single digit in the sector in '23, but is setting up very well for '24 and '25 and '26.
Operator: The next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Could you guys talk about the pricing environment? You mentioned pretty broad-based momentum to the first half of the year. You did leave the pricing guidance unchanged. Is that regional mix? Is it maybe some timing? And to what level are you guys thinking about second price increases and maybe even how that carries off into 2024?
Tom Hill: Yes. I would tell you that the pricing in '23 is unfolding as we thought it would. Prices were up 15% in the quarter. We expect going to be up 15% that carry through the full year. I think if I step back and remember the sequence in pricing was very different between '22 and '23. In '23, as we told you, we went out much higher, much earlier than we did in 2022. We've gotten more price in '23. We got more price in '23, and we've gotten it earlier. So if you kind of look at -- a good reference would be Slide 5 in that deck. And if you looked at '22, the full year, year-over-year from January 1 to December 31, we went up above 53. So from the beginning of this year until the end of June for '23, we're already up $2.28. So it is compounding, it is much faster, much higher. Second half price increases while they were mixed, will only help that. I'd tell you they're more -- they really are really a good setup for 2024, and we'll continue this momentum. The reason why is -- moment is very good, as you know, but demand is looking better. The private side is better. The public side is growing. So all of us in the sector have very good visibility to a more positive ramp picture. And our customers, I would tell you, continue to be quite confident. So I feel good about the momentum. We're right now planning our January 1 price increases, which will go out in a few months. And I would expect us, again, to go out higher earlier than we did. What point to this, though, and I think really important is our ultimate goal is to take that price to the bottom line. And that's really important that we continue that margin expansion. We're up low 20s in the -- we're in the first quarter, low 20s in the second quarter. We expect that to continue for the next few quarters. And that is a really important number. And we get there in the second half of the year a little different, probably a little -- as a percentage-wise, we got tougher comps on price, but easier comps on costs. So we continue that low 20s margin expansion.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: So I had a question on the downstream businesses. So it's nice to see certainly good properties and you're referencing that you're in margin recovery mode. You took up the guide for this year. When I take a step back and look at kind of your legacy business combined with the previous U.S. Concrete legacy business, it seems like there will be still like quite a bit more work or runway left on what "normal" to be in downstream. So just wanted to get your thoughts on that in terms of timing. Should we be thinking about that, your combined businesses could be like $400 million to $295 million. I'm not saying this year or next, but is that the right normal to be thinking about, or how should we frame that?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think we were very encouraged that this quarter, we had unit margin growth in all 3 product lines. We battled out a little bit in Asphalt for a year or 2. And then we had to catch up. We said we'd catch up this year in Concrete, and we've got it in the second quarter. I'll take the product lines kind of one at a time, really strong quarter for Asphalt. Gross margins were up -- were at $66 million. They were $26 million last year. Volumes were up 16% in spite of wet weather in Texas, California and Arizona Asphalt volumes were really strong after a tough first quarter because of rain. Prices were up 9%, and our liquid costs were down. So great quarter in Asphalt. We told you guys we would continue to grow this margin than we are. So really encouraged by that. And that will only get better as you see the funding from IIJA and local and state, plenty of go to work in the public sector. Ready-mix, we had a really tough first quarter, slow start to the year. We got really blowing up with weather. We covered -- I thought the team there did a really nice job, recovering rapidly in the second quarter, and it was really driven by unit margin expansion. So on a same-store basis, our volumes were down actually 11%. A combination of rain in Texas and the impact of single-family demand. Prices were up 10% and unit margins were up 24%. So -- we said we'd get back to growth mode and ready mix. I think we are, and I think we'll continue that recovery. But I'm really proud of the ready-mixed teams recovery and the Asphalt team's continued performance in those product lines.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Mike, just on a sort of longer-term horizon, I think in the ready-mix business, we still think that low double-digit gross margins is where we need to be. And so if you look -- we saw a great recovery in the second quarter. If you look at where we are in the trailing 12. As you said, we still have runway ahead of us, and that's the margin expansion that we're looking forward to going forward. And similarly, in the Asphalt business, we've sort of long said high single digit, maybe low double-digit, long-term gross margins in Asphalt. We've hit 10% on a trailing 12-month basis. And I think with where we are right now with the pricing environment and the demand environment ahead of us, we can still see some expansion there as well, but would still think of high single digit, low double digit over the long term.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on margins. I think you previously pointed to cash cost up high single digits year-over-year this year. I'm just wondering, is that still a fair expectation? And I think costs were up a little bit more than that in 2Q. You talked about comps getting easier in the second half. Just any kind of further detail in terms of the cadence from 3Q to 4Q? And if there's any sort of good guys or bad guys from a cost perspective that we should especially keep in mind for the second half?
Tom Hill: Yes. We're getting better costs, but they're still high. They were up 9% in the quarter. And you really feeling the impact of the inflationary pressures on parts and services. As we said, comps get easier throughout the year, our guidance is the high single, which would put us in kind of mid for the balance of the year. Parts and service costs continue to plague as well. So we have issue of challenges with parts delivery, which hurts our efficiencies. That also is getting better. I think we do have a good guy in the quarter of diesel, which was probably an impact of around $25 million. And our operating efficiencies continue to improve and will help us offset some of this. So we guide you to -- for the full year to high single digit, which would put us kind of mid in the back half of the year, but we're comping over a lot easier numbers.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Anthony, I think most important is it has been a challenging couple of years with inflationary pressure, certainly, but Aggregates is a price/cost winner, and our gross margin on a trailing 12-month basis, returning to expansion in the second quarter, what was great to see. We've got a good runway ahead of us on that. And as Tom highlighted earlier, still expect low 20% growth this year in our cash gross profit per ton.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. And maybe just on labor, are you seeing any change there, maybe not in terms of wage rate or dollar, but in terms of availability of labor that's maybe helping you or hurting you this year?
Tom Hill: It's still tight. I think it is. The labor market has gotten better from our perspective. I think we've also gotten better retention and how we handle that. So still a challenge, but much improved from where it was over the last couple of years.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Tom and Andrews, I wonder if you just talk about how you're thinking about pricing for '24, it feels like one of the big lessons learned for the industry from '22 is the price for a higher level of inflation and inflation is lower, just get the benefits of that. How are you thinking about the magnitude of those January 1 price increase comp that you spoke about versus the historical 4% to 5% CAGR that you and the industry have delivered given the backdrop that we've seen over the past 18 months.
Tom Hill: So as I said, I think we've got a lot of momentum going with this, and this -- the private side demand on this being better is helping that. Everybody's got good visibility to the public side, I think that if you go out there and talk to the segment to the Construction Materials and Construction segment, people are feeling a lot better about the future than maybe we were 6 months ago. And you can see more of the demand. So that positive sentiment, the momentum on pricing and better visibility to demand, all a good setup for price. As far as magnitude, we're working on that right now, but I would -- our strategy last year was to go out higher on January 1. I thought that worked very well. And I think I wouldn't see a stream from that strategy as we look to 2024.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Brown with Raymond James.
Tyler Brown: So I'm a little unclear on the CapEx. So I think CapEx is expected to be $600 million, $650 million, but does that include the $200 million in land purchases? Or will that be on top of it? Maybe I'm missing it, but those maybe flow on the acquisition line on the cash flow statement. I'm just not sure. And then just, Tom, any color on the M&A pipeline?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. So Tyler, to clarify, the $200 million that we're planning to spend on strategic reserves is in addition to the $600 million to $650 million. It will show up as PP&E as it is land. But I think you're thinking about it right in terms of it being more of an opportunistic strategic acquisition type opportunity. And I'll let Tom hit M&A.
Tom Hill: Yes. I would simply describe the acquisition with the improving picture and clarity to the private demand and it probably looked a little better than maybe we thought. I would expect that to improve the M&A pipeline. We've got -- we always have a couple we're working on, but strategic bolt-ons. But I would think this will help the pipeline.
Operator: The next question comes from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: Wanted to follow up on the strategic cash uses. So talking about property purchases, is this because of opportunistic availability? Or is this a need to reach ore reserves, just some color there? And similarly, just wondered if you would comment on the first share buyback since the pandemic and what that might illustrate for your future plans.
Tom Hill: I think we'll split that question. I'll take the land piece. You're exactly right. It is opportunistic. A lot of times, these are when they come up, much like a bolt-on acquisition, and that's both for buying reserves, but also both buying reserves and selling land are going to be lumpy by nature. You heard Mary Andrews, I think it was in '21, where we sold $180 million worth of land. So it is -- it comes when it comes, it's hard to plan. Sometimes you can, most of the time you can't. I would tell you, I'm very pleased with the reserves we got. They were primarily in California, Texas and North Carolina. So glad to give them good use of capital and pleased with the team's effort on that.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And in terms of share repurchases, returning excess cash to shareholders through repurchases has been part of our long-standing capital allocation priorities. We believe appropriately following reinvesting in the business, through operating and maintenance CapEx, after growing the business and returning cash through the dividend. So with attractive cash generation and slower M&A in the first half of the year. We repurchased $50 million of shares in the second quarter. And really, our capital allocation decisions in the back half of the year will just follow our same disciplined approach.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Congrats on the strong quarter. My question is your guidance for average volumes you're calling for it to be down, call it, 1% to 4%. And you want to down modestly in 2Q. And with housing bottoming and you're calling out pretty good momentum on the infrastructure and heavy commercial side with frankly easier comps in the back half, it feels kind of conservative. Any one-offs that we should be mindful of, and when we look out to 2024, time you're talking about how you're seeing momentum building on infrastructure and heavy on the industrial side. Any color on how to think about the growth profile in those 2 end markets when we kind of look at 2024?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think if you look at the kind of the upside, downside to our guidance, the low side, the minus 4 would tell you that single-family shipments would have to fall off, of course, than we've seen. I think we bottom -- we're seeing kind of the bottom in single-family. And I think that it gets better for -- hopefully, we get better for 2024. On the high side, at minus 1, we'd have to see a little more volume. How we have -- some of our projects we have to start a little faster. It could happen, and that's why we got the range where we do. I do think that the heavy piece and he is going to help us in the second half. I think it's going to be more help in 2024 on the heavy industrial.
Phil Ng: Is there a way to think about how that growth profile is going to look next year? I mean, low single digits for Infra. Is that like a mid- to high single-digit growth story next year?
Tom Hill: On other infrastructure, you mean?
Phil Ng: Just infrastructure in general, right? I mean, Tom, you talked about low single-digit growth this year, right? So when we look out to 2024 with all the lettings have been bidding actively flowing through, is that like a mid-single-digit growth or high single-digit growth?
Tom Hill: I think it's too early to call. We just got to see more. I would address that we haven't talked about the non-highway infrastructure is also looking very good. Like highways, the local state and federal funding is extremely healthy, and that's IIJA in it. Starts and the other non-highway infrastructure were up in probably 6 months, it was up 18% and trailing 3 is up 20%. So good for '23, probably again low single digit but much better for '24.
Operator: The next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Brian Biros: This is actually Brian Biros on for Kathryn. Just on the Asphalt business, can you just touch a little bit more on the performance there? Maybe the volume growth specifically, just kind of what projects are you seeing come to market in that business that it's more repair work, or maybe it's more new work coming down the pipeline?
Tom Hill: It's -- as far as the paving is both. You're seeing both new and recovery. You do have -- I mean, and overlays I was pleased with the volume growth because we had a lot of rain in Texas, which is a big asphalt. Flip side of that is California and Arizona probably had some catch-up from the first quarter, which we just didn't do much at all. I am very pleased with the pricing performance and the unit margin performance. So I think a really good start to the year in Asphalt. We're back in unit margin growth mode and the growth in funding for highways is only going to help this product line.
Operator: Next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Great quarter. Tom, I think you characterized the midyear price increases as mixed. What was that? I think there was hope a month or 2 ago, it might be better, and does that bode well for January increases next year?
Tom Hill: Yes. Remember, as I said, the sequencing from '22 to '23 was very different. We intentionally went out much higher, much earlier in 2023. So kind of as expected, the midyear was successful in some markets. It was successful in some market segments. It will have a little bit of an impact on '23, but it's going to have a much larger impact on '24, and that's simply a matter of timing from timing from project pricing to shipment and also maybe some backlogs. It does impact 2024. I don't think it slows any momentum for January 1 price increases. Again, that strategy of higher early work is really good in '23, and we'll get that strategy towards '24. But -- so that's -- I would tell you that as expected.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Hughes with Truist.
Keith Hughes: Give us some update on the situation in Mexico and Macquarie there and to the process. Any sort of movement at all?
Tom Hill: So the short answer is the same. No news. We've got the NAFTA claim. We'll have the final hearing on that -- on the NAFTA tribunal this year. We should have a result of that in 2024. We feel very good about our position. We feel very good about our case. We feel very good about the evidence, but we won't have -- we'll finish the legal proceedings this year and have a final ruling in '24.
Keith Hughes: And what would be the best case scenario if you're successful in that?
Tom Hill: I think that we get a large check and because of the shutdown of our business. The magnitude of that, we can't disclose because we have a confidential agreement with the tribune.
Operator: Next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Tom, nice quarter. I wanted to maybe just ask a little bit on the guidance and you talked about the third quarter being in California, Texas in the second quarter. What's your sort of best estimate of the carryforward tons into the second half due to the disruptive first half weather?
Tom Hill: I think you saw that in California, Arizona in the quarter. You probably will have some of that in the third quarter in Texas. As I said earlier, what I'm impressed with is we're seeing a lot of speedy recovery after wet days in our markets, which tells me that our -- the firepower of our contractors is getting much better. And I'm sure it is because of the work that they got coming out from all the public funding. So I think maybe a little bit in Texas. Everybody else, I think you don't see a lot of carryforward because they've been able to catch up pretty quick.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Tom, as you provided some very helpful observations on expectations for the second half year in '24, but if you're going to isolate either better-than-expected pricing, better-than-expected cost and better-than-expected volume as we maybe exit the '23 into '24, what would you point towards or maybe all of the above?
Tom Hill: You're saying if we go from '23 to '24?
Michael Dudas: Yes, as we get through the second half of the year as results come through, your expectation would have been getting to year-end, like say, the high end of your EBITDA range or would it be better pricing, better cost utilization and execution or better volumes?
Tom Hill: I would tell you we probably have the best shot at how we work coming on a little faster than maybe we expected is the flip side of that is obviously that if you see a bigger slowdown on -- some -- more slowdown on res, which at this point, we don't think is going to happen unless we'll take it one at a time. On pricing, I think we've got it about right, how we got it because we've got a little bit in the midyear, but it's going to flow through in '24. The cost piece, I think, again, we've got to be mid-single digits at the end of the year. And I think that between efficiencies and comps, we get there. I guess at the end of the day, if I had to pick one, I would probably pick the volume piece of that.
Operator: The next question comes from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Tom, nice to see the continued improvement in Aggregates gross margin this quarter. I guess my question was more to the quarter and thinking about this going forward. With the East under some pressure, due to weather and some of those variables, was that actually a net negative to your reported profitability in that segment?
Tom Hill: I'm sorry, couldn't understand what you point out as possibly negative.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: The East. We do have very attractive margins in our East Coast business. I think while there was some wet weather A lot of the strength in the private non-res and these large industrial projects in those areas. And so our volumes were quite healthy in those markets.
Tom Hill: I also would tell you that I think the East -- I was impressed with we had wet weather in East, but the recovery time when those thunderstorms will flow through, the next couple of days was impressive.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to Tom for any additional closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Well, thank you all for your interest and your time and your support of Vulcan Materials Company. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter, and we hope that you and your families stay healthy and safe. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Travis, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions]. Now, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin, sir.
Mark Warren: Good morning and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website vulcanmaterials.com. Additionally, a recording of this call will be available for replay, later today, at our website. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. In the interest of time, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. This will allow for more questions during our time together. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks all of you for joining our call this morning. Vulcan Materials is well-positioned to deliver attractive growth in 2023. We got off to a solid start in the first quarter and now expect to deliver between $1.85 billion and $1.95 billion in adjusted EBITDA this year, a 14% to 20% improvement versus the prior year. In the quarter, we generated $338 million of adjusted EBITDA, a 15% improvement over the prior year. Despite lower volumes in each of our major product lines, total gross profit improved 12% and gross margin expanded by 90 basis points. I'm pleased with our team's execution as they remain focused on our Vulcan of selling and Vulcan way of operating disciplines. The pricing environment is healthy. Year-over-year adjusted average price improved 19% in the quarter. Prices also improved in our downstream products by 15% in asphalt and 12% in concrete. As always, we are focused on capitalizing on pricing momentum and controlling costs to expand our margins. In the Aggregates segment, gross margin improved by 170 basis points. Shipments declined 2% versus a prior year with wide variations across markets. Some areas benefited from favorable weather and carryover shipments from the wet fourth quarter. Others like California and Texas were challenged by excessive rainfall. All geographies delivered double-digit price improvement. And importantly, our cash gross profit per ton improved by 23% in the quarter, surpassing $8 per ton on a trading 12-month basis. In asphalt, gross margins improved by 220 basis points despite higher natural gas and liquid asphalt cost and 11% lower volumes. Significant rainfall negatively impacted shipments in California and Arizona our largest asphalt markets. Prices improved by 15% and more than offset higher raw materials costs. Cash unit profitability in asphalt improved by 90% in the quarter. The concrete segments cash gross profit was negatively impacted by the 2022 divestiture of our New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania operations, as well as weather impacted volume in Texas and California, and the resulting cost challenges. Now shifting to the dynamic demand environment, which remains mixed, both in terms of end users and timing. We expect modest growth in overall public demand but contraction in private demand. While single-family housing starts continue to fall, some markets have begun to show early signs of decelerating declines. Multi-family housing starts have recently turned negative. However, they remained at high levels, particularly in Vulcan markets and continue to dampen some of the impact of single-family weakness. Affordability is the fundamental driver of the declines in single-family activity. Low inventories, favorable demographic trends and employment growth in our markets continue to support demand for new residential construction. While the pipeline of private, non-residential projects remain supportive of near-term demand starts have eased in recent months. A positive trend in non-residential construction activity is the increasingly broad base composition of starts. Industrial and manufacturing projects now count for more than 60% of starts. Recent trends in supply chain management, onshoring and clean energy investment are among the catalysts for this shift in the drivers of non-residential construction. Our geography and service capabilities enable us to capitalize on these large projects. We have booked and are currently shipping to a number of these projects in many of our key markets, such as battery plants, electric vehicle manufacturing facilities, LNG facilities and large warehouse parks. On the public side, momentum is building with trailing 12-month highway starts now exceeding $100 billion. The infrastructure investment in Jobs Act dollars are flowing. The impact of these historic levels of public construction awards on 2023 aggregate shipments will depend upon how quickly starts can turn into shipments. Other infrastructure starts are also growing with trailing 12 months starts up 23%, in addition to significant IIJA funding for water, energy, ports, and airports, strong state and municipal revenue support, non-highway infrastructure investment. Overall, 2023 demand for Aggregates continues to be dependent upon the depth of decline in residential construction activity and the timing of highway starts converting into aggregate shipments. Our durable Aggregates business and best-in-class execution position us well to successfully navigate any shifts in demand. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our first quarter performance and update 2023 outlook. Mary Andrews?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. In the first quarter, our adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 140 basis points with solid operational execution and disciplined SAG cost management. Our SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue improved by 60 basis points in the quarter and moved below 7% on a trailing 12-month basis. We remain focused on continuing to leverage our SAG cost base while making strategic investments in talent and technology to support our business needs. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.2x at quarter end squarely within our stated target range of 2x to 2.5x. Our investment grade balance sheet gives us flexibility and optionality to continue investing in both organic and inorganic opportunity. During the quarter, we invested $113 million in capital expenditures and continue to expect to spend between $600 million and $650 million for the full-year. As we allocate capital, we are focused on improving our return on invested capital. On a trailing 12-month basis, our return on invested capital improved sequentially by 20 basis points from year-end to 13.7%. Tom shared with you our increased adjusted EBITDA outlook for 2023. On the heels of a strong 2022 in which adjusted EBITDA improved by 12%, we now expect to exceed that growth in 2023 with 14% to 20% improvement. Based on the success of our Aggregates pricing efforts in the first quarter, which yielded 10% sequential improvement and 19% mix adjusted year-over-year improvement, we now expect prices to improve approximately 15% for the full-year. Coupling the strong pricing momentum with our industry-leading operational execution, we expect to deliver even stronger year-over-year improvement in cash gross profit per ton than our original guidance. All other aspects of the full-year guidance we communicated in February remain unchanged. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. In closing, I want to remind you of two things that we are focused on each and every day. First, keeping our people safe. Our people are the lifeblood of our business and our culture. Second, improving unit profitability and growing earnings regardless of the demand environment. Our Aggregates led business and our best-in-class execution positioned us well for driving long-term sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. And now, Mary Andrews and I'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Trey Grooms, Stephens.
Trey Grooms: Nice work on the quarter and Aggregates pricing particularly strong. So hats off to you and the team for such strong execution there. And Tom, I was hoping maybe you could talk a little more specifically about the overall pricing environment and your thoughts on kind of the rest of the year as we look through the balance of the year for pricing.
Tom Hill: Sure, Trey. As you saw, prices up 19% mix adjusted for the quarter. So a great start. Our January 1 price increases were successful and they were really broad base. So I appreciate our team's hard work on earning price and based on that success, you saw us raise the guidance to 15% for the full-year. As -- Trey, as we said, the pricing comps will get a lot tougher in the second half of the year. So a good start to the year, but it's always worked to be done to earn price. And we feel really good about the 15%. But remember, you still have to take that price to the bottom line, which is what happened in the first quarter where we improved our unit margins by some 23%. And that kind of unit margin expansion is generally consistent with what was in our guidance. And that's just the bulk way of ops in the bulk way of selling at work.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Trey, one other thing on that note, on the margin side, we were pleased to for Aggregates gross margin to expand 170 basis points in the first quarter after being compressed each quarter year-over-year last year. As we took those rapidly rising costs through the P&L and our pricing efforts in 2022 that Tom talked about and has begun now into 2023, returned us to gross margin growth. And we would expect the year-over-year improvement to continue to accelerate as the year progresses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stanley Elliott, Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thank you for the question and congratulations on the strong start. Tom, you mentioned kind of some nuances developing within the end market because I think that's one thing that's different this year versus maybe some other cycles in the past. Would love to get your kind of thoughts around what's happening on the private non-res side since there's seems to be more moving parts as we're looking forward.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Stanley. Yes, you're right. Non-res construction as shipments continues to be really healthy and we saw that evidenced in the first quarter. We would continue to expect the non-residential sector to maintain the really high levels that we came off of last year. And it's really driven by warehouses, distribution, and now manufacturing and industrial. If I had to risk and reward that sector, I would put the risk in that sector would include maybe some slowing in warehouses. We have not seen that yet, but we're watching it. And the other question I would have is, does light non-res that follows subdivision, does it start to slow again? Haven't seen that yet, but watching it. Now the flip side, the potential upside to shipments in non-residential construction for me would include the number of massive industrial and manufacturing projects that are on the horizon or just starting to ship. To give you some color around that, we have now have some 20 -- excuse me, some 12 major industrial projects most of which are in our backlogs that total 8.5 million tons. Now, some of those are multi-year projects. All that's not going to go in 2023. So I would describe non-res right now as very healthy so far, so good for a healthy non-residential demand in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari, Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hey, I think previously you talked about ag shipments to public projects expected to be up maybe low-single-digits in 2023 with IIJA maybe flowing through in the back half. And I was wondering if you had any sort of updated thoughts on the cadence of those public volumes over the remaining quarters of the year, or maybe between the first half and the second half. How we should think about the flow-through especially with IIJA projects?
Tom Hill: Yes. I would tell you back half loaded simple answer to that question, the sector -- the highway sector is really the whole public sector, but particularly highways is set up for a really robust future. Funding is at all-time record levels. And importantly, all three areas of funding of government are at record levels. You got federal, state, and municipal all at all-time highs. And all of that is starting to flow into lettings. Give you a little color around lettings, which are really healthy in California. And the fourth quarter of last year, the first quarter of this year combined those lettings will be over $2 billion, which is an all-time high for two quarters in California. Moving to Texas is even better. And the first two quarters of 2023, the lettings will be at some almost $8 billion, again, all-time high. So highway contract awards as we said are now over $100 billion. And we still -- so we'll still see -- we'll see 2023 shipments. We predict in low-single-digit, and that is just -- that is indicative of how much time it takes for those big lettings to flow-through the shipment, so a solid 2023, but a much larger growth in 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich, Goldman Sachs.
Tom Hill: Hi, Jerry.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Hi good morning, Tom, Mary Andrews, Mark, nice quarter. I wanted to ask a couple of things stood out in the quarter on the volume side, if we just think about normal seasonality off of your first quarter run rate, that suggests your volumes could actually be up year-over-year in the second quarter. And I'm just wondering is that consistent with the cadence that you're seeing in the business? And similar vein really strong gross margins for Aggregates in the quarter. Normally your margins are up 10 points, 2Q versus 1Q. And I'm wondering, is that the cadence we should be thinking about here as well? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yes, I'll take the volume and let Mary Andrews handle the margin. I think the volumes were in the quarter, we were down 2% and weather had a big play on that. Weather in California and Texas and Arizona were a drag on us. But the weather in the East and Southeast were really positive. And in the East and Southeast we probably had some volume that pushed from the fourth quarter last year, which had really wet weather into the first quarter of this year. As far as our outlook it really hasn't changed. The two -- negative two to six, we've got challenges in single-family, which are going to be more second half loaded. Non-res, as you heard me say is really solid and highways is coming on, but it takes a little time. I think for me the timing is going to be key of how fast those highway shipments go from lettings to shipments. But in all of this, I think is a backdrop. You -- we've got the Vulcan way of selling, the Vulcan way of operating, which gives me confidence that will continue to improve our performance regardless of demand challenges, which you've seen us do quarter in and quarter out over the last few years.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Jerry, in terms of margins, yes, I think that the typical sequential improvement is what you should expect. And as I said on a year-over-year basis, we'll see significant acceleration quarter-to-quarter as we progress off that 170 basis points from the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl, RBC Capital.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Mary Andrews, with respect to the other parts of the guidance, I think last quarter, I'm not sure if this was formal guide, but you talked about cost inflation being up high-single-digits and the release said that cost and ags was tracking consistent with expectations. So I'm wondering kind of if that's still the expectation and then if it is, is it right to think about from a gross profit per ton standpoint, the new price on top of that might suggest something in kind of like a low-20s year-on-year increase percentage wise for gross profit per ton?
Tom Hill: Yes. Quickly, you're correct on your assumption on gross profit per ton improvements. If I step back and look at cost, we're still facing the impact of stubborn inflation in parts and services. If you looked in the first quarter, weather on the West had negatively impacted the first quarter cost. As -- but remember as we progress through the year, our comps on costs get a whole lot easier. So we're still guiding to the high-single-digit cost inflation. And I would describe that as probably higher than expected parts and services and also delays in delivery is costing us just because it keeps equipment down that's offset some by probably better than expected diesel cost. We'll -- but all that being said, we'll continue to work on our operating efficiencies to the Vulcan way of operating. But at this point, I think we're still very comfortable with that high-single-digit guide.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Mike, just on the gross profit per ton and cash gross profit per ton improvement from the beginning, we thought that'd be much more consistent this year. And so that 23% you saw in the first quarter and the low-20s for the rest is a good assumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson, Thompson Research Group.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson: Good morning. Great quarter. Just have a clarification based on our channel checks, we're seeing as you already described pretty robust demand in the year and even possibly some tightness in materials in some key markets or multiple markets throughout the U.S., as we enter the construction season. In light of the strong pricing commentary you had in the quarter, does this open up the possibility for additional pricing actions mid-year? And then also along with that, more of a mid to long-term view, when you look at reassuring population shift and government supported funding for IIJA Inflation Reduction Act and the CHIPS Act, how does this play into your mid to long-term view on pricing? Thanks so much.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think that so as far as pricing the rest of the year, we did not assume a second half price increase in our 15% guide. That said, we are -- have announced mid-year price increases in most in the vast majority of our markets. We feel like you got to earn that first. So we'll report on our progress on those mid-year efforts in August as far as bid work, we're pushing price day in and day out on our bid work, and that's just part of our Vulcan way of selling. As far as the -- you're spot on the large projects both on the public side, highways and non-highway, we're going to see a lot more large projects and a lot more money flowing. We are also, as you said, starting to see the big manufacturing industrial projects, which we think continue well into the future. All of that bodes extremely well for pricing because that gives us and our customers' visibility to coming demand. And those large projects both public and the big industrial ones tend to be there's more surety to those projects then once they announce them they're going to happen and so that also gives surety demand, which is a very good backdrop for pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes, Truist Securities.
Tom Hill: Hi, Keith.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Keith Hughes: Hey, thank you very much. I guess switching to the discussion on non-residential, specifically on heavy there's a lot of positives out there right now. How far of visibility do you have on that business? In other words, could we be seeing several years of really strong heavy work to be done?
Tom Hill: Yes. That you are going to see a number of years both in manufacturing, industrial, and in the big energy projects along the coast. There is a healthy pipeline of that both in either they're budgeting, they're bidding, or they're engineering. And so I -- like you said, I believe we'll see years of this and I think it will really bode well both for volumes and price.
Keith Hughes: And you're on that your light business that give that shorter cycle, your visibility is not nearly that long on light. Is that correct?
Tom Hill: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thielman, D.A. Davidson.
Tom Hill: Hey, Brent.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Brent Thielman: Hey, good morning. Hey, Tom, I'm just curious on the balance, what was the hit from the residential sector this quarter because with volume only down 2%, including weather, just on the surface, it doesn't look like that much.
Tom Hill: So if you look at it about half of our markets took a hit in res and about half were positive. So I'd tell you probably mid-single-digit. But as we said, the -- we'll feel the impact of the fall and starts permits and starts in single-family. We'll really feel that in the second half of the year. So pretty much as expected right now, I think it's a -- and plus weather in Arizona, Texas, and California masks some of that. So it's harder to see. But I -- we think that is more of a second half play as it -- as those starts have to go through the pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng, Jefferies.
Tom Hill: Hi, Phil.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning, Phil.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is actually Colin [ph] on for Phil. I just wanted to touch on the geographic mix. I know pricing was aided by that favorable mix, but could you talk about how that mix might have helped gross margins and how we should think about that mix benefit going forward? Thank you.
Tom Hill: I don't think it's going to -- I don't think it has a big play on gross margin. It was only 1% on price. So it really did not -- it really didn't have an impact on much impact on price or on margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timna Tanners, Wolfe Research.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning.
Tom Hill: Hey, Tim. Hey.
Timna Tanners: Two things I haven't heard you address, and I would like to hear from, please. One is just the labor markets broadly. I know it's been a bigger issue for your customers, but would appreciate and updated thoughts there. And then it's been I think May will be a year anniversary since the Mexican operations were shut and there's been some noise down there, so I would love your take on that as well. Thanks.
Tom Hill: Yes. I would describe the labor market as easing. I think it's a combination of the labor market's easing, and I think we've gotten better with retention over the last year and done a lot of work on that. So it is still an issue, probably still a bigger issue for our customers, but not like it was 12 months ago or 18 months ago. On Mexico, really not a lot of change. We remain illegally shutdown and the proceedings with the NCRA tribunal continue, we would hope to get a ruling on that sometime in 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer, Thompson Davis.
Tom Hill: Hey, Adam.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys. Great quarter.
Tom Hill: Nice.
Adam Thalhimer: Hi, I am starting to get questions from clients on the debt ceiling. If we don't get an increase, you think there's a risk to federal infrastructure support?
Tom Hill: Well, I mean, that would be a first time that's happened, so I would -- since I would doubt that, that while everybody's ringing their hands over it, I think we'll solve this problem and we'll continue with our infrastructure spending.
Adam Thalhimer: Yes. I mean, prior government shutdowns haven't been a big deal, have they?
Tom Hill: Well, I don't want to see one, but I don't think it's going to impact our infrastructure projects.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Dudas, Vertical Research.
Tom Hill: Hey Michael.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Hey, good morning, gentlemen, Mary Andrews. Andrews, just can share your thoughts on how operating free cash flow went through the Q1 and how it looks for the rest of the year. And then maybe Tom, you could discuss the M&A pipeline and will we best guess do we see any visible activity by year-end with what's happening in the marketplace? Thank you.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. So we were pleased with our free cash flow. It's obviously very cash generative business over the trailing 12 months, our free cash flow conversion has stayed over 90%, so we are pleased with that result. And we'll be -- take our consistent disciplined approach as we think about how to allocate that capital along our waterfall priorities.
Tom Hill: On M&A, it remains; I guess we have a number of smaller bolt-ons in the pipeline along with a number of Greenfields that we're working on. I would tell you kind of normal from the smaller bolt-on and Greenfield perspective, as far as large projects are large M&A, those tend to be lumpy. When they come along, we'll be in the game and we'll take advantage. And as always, we'll be disciplined and all of this about what markets we're in, what synergies are unique to us and what we pay for it. So -- and we look forward to reporting that as they come about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois, Loop Capital.
Tom Hill: Hi, Garik.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning, Garik.
Garik Shmois: Hey, good morning. Nice quarter. Wanted to ask on the highway outlook, you're counting on demand showing up later this year. Curious just has the lag between project starts and when volumes occur, has that changed at all? Just given the size of the projects in the pipeline?
Tom Hill: I think it's a little bit; we would always call that 9 months to 12 months. But larger projects can take longer just because of more complex engineering, more complex permitting and more complex planning around those. And when they run into a snag, it stops a big chunk of work or pushes it back. I would not change the 9 months to 12 months rule of thumb, except for every once in a while now you'll come across a multimillion ton highway project that can get pushed out past that limit. But I think the 9 months and 12 months is still a good rule of thumb.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor, Longbow Research.
Tom Hill: Hey, David.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
David MacGregor: Hey, Tom and Andrews, congratulations on a strong quarter. Phenomenal.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
David MacGregor: Yes. I guess I'd be interested in just any update you've got on transportation. I know you've got some long haul tonnage there. You're talking about the strength down along the coast. How is that changing? Is it changing for the better? Do you view that as a potential risk and have you been able to lock up capacity and if so for how far forward?
Tom Hill: I think as we talk about rock is still short on all coast and it's driven primarily by bottlenecks on railroads. I think the railroads are working hard to improve and they're making progress, but there's still gaps there. And I don't know that I see it as risk for 2023. It has its challenges but I think we'll work us with our partners in the railroad work through those challenges and be fine in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Feniger, Bank of America.
Tom Hill: Hey, Michael.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Michael Feniger: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two. So the first one, the pricing obviously very strong with 18.5% and your full-year range of 15%, so does pricing kind of finish the year -- actually the year below that range do you think we still are in that double-digit territory. I'm just trying to think of that pricing cadence. And then the second question, just the operating leverage and Aggregates, I think you typically target like a 60% flow-through is -- are there periods where that can be above that level? I guess I'm just trying to think out mid-year price increases, potentially sticking diesel rolling over. Could we see flow-through above that target range for certain periods? Thank you.
Tom Hill: You can. First of all, on the flow-through piece of this, you can see that above and you can see it below inflation, your big inflationary jumps, put pressure on that, as we said, as does fuel. I think if you look at this year, I would be a little bit cautious because you're still going to have some really sticky inflationary pressures on parts and services. I think as what we've said is that as we progress to the year, the percentage price increase won't stay up at the 20% range because the -- you're comping over such a sequentially high marks through 2022 in price. The flip side of that is in cost, as we've said, you're seeing really high year-over-year cost at this point. They should ease as we go through the year because the inflationary comps ease as we go. That all that put all that together we think we're pretty consistent in that 20% range improvement in unit margins 
Operator: Our final question comes from Dillon Cumming, Morgan Stanley.
Dillon Cumming: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask if you could put a finer point in some of the non-res commentary. I think there are just some concerns out there with regards to a tighter financing environment, how that could impact both the light and heavy non-res comments side of the equation. Just curious if you're hearing since then around that from customers and what the kind of latest update and the thinking there is.
Tom Hill: I would put it this way. So far what we're seeing in non-res is really solid some shifting towards heavy industrial and manufacturing. But we've not seen any impact on our markets yet on non-residential. Now that being said, we're watchful and we're watching it, but so far, so good in non-res for 2023. But to your point, I think everybody's watching that, but we haven't seen any impact at this point.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Tom Hill for any closing remarks.
Tom Hill: We appreciate your interest and your time this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to seeing you throughout the quarter to update you on our progress. We hope that you and your families remain healthy and safe and we'll talk to you throughout the quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vulcan Materials Company's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Gretchen, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks along with other legal disclaimers are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. In the interest of time, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. This will allow for more questions during our time together. A supplemental presentation has been posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. Additionally, a recording of this call will be available for replay, later today, at our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to all of you for joining our call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. In 2022, our teams hands down excelled in confronting macro challenges, and they demonstrated the resiliency of our aggregates-led business. Let's start with the fourth quarter, which really showcased our commitment to controlling what we can control. We generated $375 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter, and I was particularly proud of our team for delivering 11% year-over-year growth in aggregates cash gross profit per ton despite a 6% decline in aggregates shipments. Abnormally wet and cold weather across our footprint disrupted construction activity and shipments across all segments, and we also began feeling the impact of single-family residential decline. Pricing momentum continued with 15% growth in aggregates mix adjusted price in the fourth quarter. Our people continue to drive performance through good execution, which is grounded in our Vulcan way of selling and the Vulcan way of operating disciplines. Gross profit in both aggregates and asphalt segments increased versus the prior year's fourth quarter despite lower volumes, and pricing momentum, more than offset inflationary cost increases. In concrete, a 15% decline in volume, driven mostly by extremely wet and cold weather in Texas created operational challenges that eroded pricing gains in that segment. For the full year, adjusted EBITDA improved 12% with all segments posting year-over-year growth in gross profit. Aggregates segment gross profit improved 9%, a noteworthy performance with the headwinds of generationally high inflation and the unexpected and arbitrary shutdown of our valuable Mexico operations in May of 2022. Aggregates volume increased 6% and average selling prices improved 10%, accelerating as the year progressed. Importantly, our aggregates cash gross profit per ton improved over 5%, and also accelerated throughout the year, even in a challenging operating environment. In the first quarter, we held our own while inflation ramped up, more steadily than expected. Then in the second quarter, cash gross profit per ton grew modestly versus the second quarter of 2021, as we responded quickly with additional pricing action. In the third quarter, cash gross profit per ton increased 9% as pricing momentum accelerated and operating efficiencies offset some of the inflationary pressures. And as I mentioned earlier in the fourth quarter, cash gross profit per ton improved a notable 11%, even as volumes declined. In our asphalt segment, the second half of 2022 marked an inflection point on price and cost dynamics. In the third quarter, robust pricing improvement began outpacing the sharply-rising liquid asphalt costs. For the full year, pricing increased by 21% to more than offset the 36% increase in liquid asphalt costs. And volumes grew by 7% with particular strength in Arizona and California, our two largest asphalt markets. Ultimately, gross profit improved to $57 million versus the prior year's $21 million. In the Concrete segment, full-year gross profit of $89 million increased 64% compared to the prior year due to a full year's contribution from the U.S. concrete assets, in addition to improved earnings in our legacy Northern Virginia and Northern California Concrete Businesses. Inflationary pressures, including diesel and the availability of both cement and drivers had a significant impact on performance in the Concrete segment. Now, let's shift to the new year, first focusing on demand. The demand environment for 2023 is mixed, both in terms of end users and timing. We expect modest growth in overall public demand but contraction in private demand. Now, I'll comment briefly on each end-use. Residential construction activity is showing the impact of rising construction costs, home prices and mortgage rates on single-family housing. Single-family starts and permits have continued to decline but to a lesser degree in Vulcan-served states and the country as a whole. Currently, multifamily remains positive with a strong pipeline of projects under construction. Housing will certainly be the primary drag on private construction in 2023, but we expect it to quickly return to growth. It is important to remember that the demographics and employment growth in our markets continue to support household formation and the growing need for additional houses in the future. Overall, private nonresidential demand remains at healthy levels. Manufacturing and other heavy industrial projects continue to provide opportunities, but we are monitoring leading indicators such as more recent ABI measures, moderation in the Dodge Momentum Index, and survey data indicating declining loan demand and lending tightening. On the public side, we expect positive momentum throughout 2023 and beyond as states and municipalities move forward with much-needed infrastructure investment. Highway and infrastructure starts are both positive. In highways, start strengthened significantly in the second half of 2022, growing at 25% on a trailing 12-month basis at the end of the year. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act funding is now reflected in proposed state fiscal year 2023, 2024 budgets across our footprint. The multiyear outlook for public infrastructure is solid. We continue to believe that the increased funding will began impacting aggregates shipments modestly as we move through 2023 and more meaningfully in 2024. In addition to IIJA funding, state tax receipts in Vulcan states are the highest they've been in the past 10 years. Strong state and municipal revenue support non-highway infrastructure investment as public entities continue to play catch up from the last decade of housing growth that has driven a fundamental need for infrastructure investment. Also the considerable funding from IIJA for investment in water, energy, ports, and airports will provide future demand growth. Overall 2023 demand for aggregates will be dependent upon the depth and the duration of the declines in residential construction activity, the impact of rising interest rates on private nonresidential construction activity as the year progresses, and the timing of highway starts converting to aggregates demand. Considering these dynamics, we currently expect our aggregate shipments to decline between 2%and 6% in 2023. Pricing momentum and operational execution will drive our 2023 performance. We expect aggregate pricing to increase between 11% and 13%. Most importantly, we will continue to improve our industry-leading aggregates cash gross profit per ton and deliver solid earnings growth in 2023. Now, I will turn the call over to Mary Andrews for some additional commentary on our 2022 performance and some more details around our 2023 guidance. Mary Andrews?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Our 2022 operating performance led to another year of solid cash generation and disciplined capital allocation. Over the last four years, our free cash flow conversion has averaged over 90% with a 93% conversion ratio for 2022. After investing over $600 million in capital expenditures for both maintenance and growth projects, we put additional capital to work by completing $529 million in bolt-on acquisitions and also returned $213 million to shareholders via our growing and importantly sustainable dividend. During 2022, we also reduced our leverage back to within our stated target range of 2 times to 2.5 times after completing the U.S. Concrete acquisition in August of 2021. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.3 times at year-end. Our investment-grade balance sheet and significant cash-generation capability give us the capacity to continue to invest in both organic and inorganic opportunities with a constant focus on improving shareholder returns and return on invested capital as we grow and optimize our portfolio. During the fourth quarter, we completed the previously-announced sale of our ready-mix assets in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. On a trailing 12-month basis, our return on invested capital at year-end was 13.5%, inclusive of the loss of earnings historically generated from the network of assets supporting our shutdown of Mexico operations. We also remain focused on continuing to leverage our SAG cost base. SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue improved by 50 basis points versus the prior year to 7% of revenues. Having strategically managed our balance sheet, our portfolio, and our overhead cost structure, we entered 2023 from a position of strength. Tom shared with you our views on the macro demand environment and resulting aggregates expectations. Even with the challenging and uncertain macro backdrop, we expect to grow our adjusted EBITDA to between $1.725 billion and $1.875 billion by capitalizing on the strengths of our aggregates-led business and executing on our foundational strategic discipline. In our downstream businesses, we expect total cash gross profit dollars to approximate 2022 levels. Continued improvement in asphalt segment profitability and the benefit of improving highway demand should offset both the impact of the 2022 divestiture of our concrete businesses in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, and the impact of slowing residential construction activity on our remaining concrete businesses. We expect SAG expenses of between $515 million and $530 million as we remain focused on driving efficiencies in our support functions while delivering new capabilities for the business through investments in technology and talent. We also expect depreciation, depletion, and amortization, and accretion expenses of approximately $610 million; interest expense of approximately $195 million; and an effective tax rate of approximately 22%. In 2023, we plan to consistently reinvest in our franchise with $600 million to $650 million of capital expenditures for both maintenance and growth projects. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. Before we move to Q&A, I want to thank our entire Vulcan team for a successful year in 2022. And I have great confidence in our ability to continue to execute in 2023, even with the uncertainty in the macro environment. As always, we will be keenly focused on keeping our people safe, driving value for our customers, and capitalizing on the profitability expansion opportunities supported by the Vulcan way of selling and the Vulcan way of operating disciplines. Vulcan is uniquely positioned to create long-term sustainable value with the right products, in the right markets, with the right focus from the right people. And now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stanley Elliott from Stifel.
Mark Warren: Good morning, Stanley.
Stanley Elliott: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Good morning and thank you all for the question. I guess my question would be. I guess coming in, maybe we would have thought maybe more flattish volumes in '23 or maybe even modest volume growth. What changed, if anything, resulting in a 2% to 6% kind of volume outlook decline now? And is there anything you could share with us about what you're seeing, and maybe a little more in-depth across those end markets? Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Yes. Sure. If you -- looking into '23, we saw some pretty good bounce-back in January from the bad weather we've had in the fourth quarter. So solid shipments, that being said, with the exception of California, which everybody knows we had floods. But the markets look pretty good. The -- if you look at the leading indicators this year, maybe not as clear as they usually are, so we tried to be thoughtful as we looked at demand throughout the year. And I think a lot of it boils down to timing. When do we see the decrease in single-family really get to shipments? You probably saw a little bit of that in the fourth quarter, but I think the full impact gets us, we realize that kind of end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter. So single-family probably gets hit about down 20%. And then for non-res, it's really again about timing with -- while the leading indicators for non-res look pretty good starts. Longer-term indicators of commercial loans and ABI could lead to challenges in the second half of the year. So we would call that segment flat for 2023. And then it's always timing for highway funding and lettings doing the shipments will be critical. We think that segment -- the public segment is up low-single digits. So as we step back and look at this, we tried to be thoughtful about the dynamics that impact the shipments and the timing of that demand. And while we can't control demand, we can control how we run our business and our unit margins. And I think we've proven we're very good at that. We think we'll grow that mid-teens. So regardless of the dynamics affecting, shipments will grow our earnings.
Stanley Elliott: Great, guys. And nice work on the profitability improvement. And thanks. That's it from me. Thanks a lot.
Mark Warren: Thank you.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trey Grooms from Stephens Inc.
Trey Grooms: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: Hi. So yes, I want to echo good work on the profitability. And it looks like on the guide, it implies an acceleration there on that improvement on cash gross profit per unit. And I guess the moving pieces there if you could maybe cut into those a little bit. We've got -- pricing is obviously playing a role. And as we kind of look at the cadence there through the year, maybe you could talk about that as well with maybe what's baked in with a midyear increase? And how we think about the cadence of that profitability improvement as we look through the year?
Thomas Hill: I would call it pretty consistent. We carry really good pricing momentum into 2023. As we said, we guide 11% to 13% for '23. I'm really pleased with our team's performance and how they service our customers to earn that price and how they face the challenges that we've seen over the last three years and then they can adjust price on the fly and very quickly. Our pricing discussions for January 1, I thought went very well, and they're in place. And you got to remember that as we progressed through last year, pricing accelerated as we went through 2022 driven by inflation. So the comps in the second half on price get harder so -- but I think we're confident in that -- while we're confident in that, there's still work to be done in pricing and earning that from our customers. Importantly, as you talked about, our teams have been able to take price to the bottom line, and we think we do that mid-teens this year. I would call price, while pricing comps get tougher as we progress through the year, cost comps get easier. So I would expect a pretty steady growth in that mid-teen level of unit margin growth quarter after quarter.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And Trey, we do expect solid unit profitability growth throughout the year. And of course, we don't give quarterly guidance. But I will try to give you some additional and hopefully helpful context, may be more related to volume. And if you think in terms of cadence, we definitely will have tougher seasonal comps in the first half. Looking back at 2022, three of the six months in the first half of 2022 implied 12-month shipments at a higher level than our full year 2022, and only one of six months in the back half shows particularly seasonally strong shipments. And of course, Q4 with the weather impact. We'll provide an easier comp in 2023. So all in, I think, more challenging year-over-year in the first half from a volume perspective, and the comps at least moderate as you move through the second half.
Trey Grooms: Got it. Thanks, Mary Andrews. That's super helpful. And I guess just to make sure I'm clear on the comment, Tom, that you had around pricing. So 11% to 13%, I guess, just coming out and asking is, is there any -- what is the assumption around midyear price increases that are baked into that? I know you guys have been had the opinion and you said on the last call, I think that you guys were going to be targeting pretty aggressively in the first half -- or excuse me, in the first of the year, but any kind of comment around what's in that for midyear?
Thomas Hill: Sure. So let me just step back and talk about pricing in aggregates. If you remember, about [40%] of our work is fixed plant, and we price that once or twice a year. We had discussions in October, November for January 1 price increases. I thought those went very well. Those are in place. And we'll just have to see what happens as we progress through the year and what the market calls for in the individual markets of how that's priced. But the other 60% of your business is bid work and we're bidding jobs as we speak. That's something -- it's something you earn every day, and it's a continuous improvement effort. And so, what we're bidding now will ship in the third or fourth quarter. So all in, we're very confident on our pricing guidance, but some of that's got to be earned as we progress through the year and earned every day with our customers.
Trey Grooms: Understood. Got it. Thanks for the clarity there, Tom. Super helpful. Keep up the good work. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question today. Tagging on just with the pricing question, but really pulling the string more in terms of the balance of price and cost. Given there's been so much volatility in '21 and '22, could you clarify the confidence that you have in unit margin growth into '23 in light of the historic volatility just with that price cost? It would be helpful too if you focus it on the aggregate side, but also given the divestiture of your Northeast concrete assets, giving any color for expectations for unit margins? Or just any type of profitability color on that segment would be helpful. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Yes. Great question. I think that as you look at 2022, we set records in unit margins, and we're very pleased with our growth there. We'll grow those again in '23, as we said, mid-teens. And what you're seeing there is the Vulcan way of sales and the Vulcan way of operating disciplines at work. We -- you saw us set new goals for long-term unit margin growth at our Investor Day in September. I think that over the last four or five years, the team has done great work on this very important metric. They have shown that they are never satisfied, that they're always hungry for continuous improvement. And I'm proud of their performance and the culture that they developed and their commitment to excellence. That said, my confidence is very high on our target guidance on unit margin growth because of our past performance and our consistency. Mary Andrews?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. Tom highlighted the consistency. And I think if we look over the last three years, we've grown our cash gross profit per ton in 11 of 12 quarters. And as we expect to continue to do that in 2023 and to accelerate. And I think another important reminder about both the level of unit margin expansion in 2022 and also a contributing factor to the contraction in aggregate gross margin percentage is that we had a considerable headwind year-over-year since we report inventory using LIFO as we believe it results in a better matching of costs with revenues. So in periods of increasing costs like we saw in 2022, LIFO will result in higher cost of revenues than under FIFO. And pretax, in 2022, we took an incremental $54 million of costs through the P&L instead of putting it on the balance sheet, if we had used FIFO method in both periods. So I think we really showed strong unit margin in 2022 with some considerable cost challenges.
Thomas Hill: Kathryn, I'd also expect to see unit margin growth in the other product lines.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, great. All right, thank you very much.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi. Good morning,
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: On the aggregates volume guidance, should we think of that as really an organic kind of apples-to-apples percentage change? Or is there any kind of impact from maybe downstream divestitures impacting upstream shipments? Or are there sort of supply agreements in place to take care of that or any volume impact from Mexico? Just wondering if there's any impact there and if you could bridge those.
Thomas Hill: Yes. On the divestitures, I don't see the impact on volumes as I think we'll continue to service those Ready-Mix plants on Mexico or acquisitions that we made partially in -- for partial year in '22, they're built into the guidance.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Jerry
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good Morning.
Jerry Revich: Hi Tom and Mary Andrews. Good morning. Really interesting price cost spread for aggregates this year as you folks catch up on the inflation we essentially saw in '22. I'm wondering as the exit rate heading into '24 is going to show some pretty good pricing momentum for you folks. And I'm wondering as you look at other cycles in the past, Tom, is there a precedent for another year of significant above-trend price versus cost that's potentially feasible, maybe similar to what we saw 15 years ago.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think that's built into our guidance in that mid-teen unit margin growth. And as I said a little bit earlier, I think the cadence of that is your comps and pricing are easier in the first half than the second half. And but you're -- but the flip is true on costs. Your comps are going to be easier in the second half on cost. So I think we're pretty consistent at how we -- at our ability to grow unit margin as we progress through the year. And I've also -- like I said, we've been very consistent about being able to do that. So I don't see that being choppy.
Jerry Revich: Sorry, I was just asking the momentum heading into '24. So, is there prior points in time that could give you confidence that this period of outsized price cost and unit profitability growth above trend can continue into '24?
Thomas Hill: As always, visibility to growing public demand is a good thing for price. And I think we are -- our folks are quite disciplined on how they earn price. So let's get through '23, but we'll be ready to tackle our challenges and maximize unit profitability as we go into '24 and make sure we fall back on those disciplines of the Vulcan way of selling and the Vulcan way of operating.
Jerry Revich: Sounds good. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Feniger, Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: Thanks, guys, for taking my questions. Can you just help us understand how much were costs like energy, raw materials, diesel? How much was that up incrementally in 2022 versus 2023 -- sorry, 2022 versus 2021. And what are you kind of baking in there for 2023?
Thomas Hill: So Mary, why don't you take '22 and I'll take '23?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. So energy was a considerable headwind in 2022 and it cost us about $225 million between diesel and liquid. And I think may be important context and reflecting back on 2022 and thinking about how it will impact 2023, and Tom can give some more color on that. But is the fact that diesel in the fourth quarter of 2022 was almost 40% higher than the first quarter of 2022 and liquid likewise was almost 20% higher in the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter. So I think that's the setup as we move into 2023. And Tom can comment more on sort of full-year '23?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think what we have in the plan right now is probably high single-digit. It's a combination of inflation, fuel, and labor. We'll feel -- as I said, we'll feel a bigger impact in the first half just due to the inflationary pressures that we felt kind of escalate as we went through the year. That being said, I think all of that is partially offset with operating efficiencies and improvements generated by the Vulcan way of operations. I think our folks are all over that. And how we do that, many of the details we illustrated in our September Investor Day. But I do have pretty good confidence that they can keep some of that at bay just by improving the key metrics that of throughput and downtime and preventive maintenance that really drive your cost.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. And specific to the energy in 2023, our expectation is that, that will be more stable, but it will remain at these high levels, which is what will result in a considerable headwind early in the year and then that will moderate as the year progresses.
Michael Feniger: Great. And when you look at the portfolio, Tom, you divested some concrete assets in the Northeast. I'm just curious, is there any further portfolio moves we could see going forward? Like how do you kind of view the Asian assets after kind of a couple of challenging quarters with a lot of moving parts that impacted the year? First, you can kind of comment on how you feel the health of those -- that part of your portfolio long term. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: I think that as always, we look at our assets as a group of assets that have to stand on their own and if this were something -- were something more about some us, then we'll divest of it and put that money back-in our aggregates business, which you've seen us do in the past. Right now, the markets that we have concrete businesses in are privileged concrete markets, and we're pleased with them. Obviously, inflationary pressures you had price-chasing costs. And like we did in asphalt, we'll catch that and bypass it and get back to growing margins. But I think the markets where we bought into, we like them, we kept our aggregates business in New York and New Jersey. But so far, so good, and we think we can continue to improve our returns as we march through 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Mike.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good morning.
Mike Dahl: Good Morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one on the public side. I don't know maybe something a little bit of nuance here. We've been hearing about how strong backlog and lettings are recently in terms of the growth, and now you're seeing kind of some modest impacts more as we get through the year and more meaningful in '24. I think if we rewound back three or six months, the thought was that the tailwinds might come a little bit sooner than that. So in the context of your low single-digit expectations for public, maybe help us understand if there's something different in the market that you've seen in terms of timing or level of distribution or timing? Is there something related to just the labor constraints? How would you characterize what seems to be maybe a little delay in some of the infrastructure tailwinds?
Thomas Hill: Look, I think it is as good of an infrastructure tailwind as we've ever seen in decades. That being said, as you heard me say before, highway work comes slower than anybody anticipates it to, but it's coming. So overall highway funding is way up. The sector is in great shape as is the entire public sector. State DOT funding is extremely healthy. And then you've got IIJ revenues that are going to be reflected in fiscal year '23, '24 proposed budgets. Our top states are sustaining robust lettings. And that IIJ funding will hit lettings in '23. And it will really impact 23/24 as we move forward. I'll give you a couple of examples. If you think about Arizona, they'll let 45 projects in the first half of this year. If you go and move to California, the total dollars -- project dollars in '23 will be a record coupled with record highway lettings that we saw in November, December. Texas is at $10 billion budget, and they'll have $7.4 billion of lettings in the second half of their fiscal year, which is March through August. And then on the more to come list, that's what's there that we know is coming. But on the more to come list, in Florida, you got Governor DeSantis proposed a 33% increase in the FDOT program that would impact lettings in the -- particularly second potentially in the second half of the year or first half of next year. He's also -- this initial $7 billion that he's wanting to accelerate for some 20 projects, congestion projects. Tennessee's governor proposed to double the '23 '24 TDOT budget. So for this year, it's a matter of timing and how fast do lettings get to project shipping. But I want to step back and say it's nothing but timing. This sector is in very good shape and as good shape as we've ever seen it and growing.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay, thanks for that. Very helpful, Tom.
Thomas Hill: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tyler Brown from Raymond James.
Tyler Brown: Hi, good morning
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Tyler Brown: Hi Tom, I actually wanted to go back to the Analyst Day and talk about the progress on your logistics excellence I think the next-gen plant operations. I'm just kind of curious how those initiatives are rolling out? And are they expected to be a material driver in expanding margins in '23? Or are those more on the come in, say, beyond '23 into '24?
Thomas Hill: I think what you'll see in '23 is maybe a little bit of incremental impact. It will be more of a '24 play. And that's a little bit of what we said in the Investor Day about the operating piece where we're just really rolling it out in '22, but more of an impact in '23. But for logistics, we're doing more rollout development and '23, probably a bigger impact in '24.
Tyler Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hi, Tom. Just piggybacking on Mike's question earlier on the public side of things. The low single-digit growth does seem a little more muted than your two public peers are guiding for this year. Curious if it's a function of maybe you guys are a little more levered to bigger projects, so that's more timing related. And I guess it would be really helpful to kind of give us a perspective as to how you think public will grow as we exit 2023 and perhaps more importantly 2024 when you get the full impact of IIJA.
Thomas Hill: Well, I think that it's -- I'll take the second part of that question first. 2024, I think we'll see a lot more maturing of the DOTs, getting work to shipments. And if you look at the level of lettings that we'll see throughout the year, that sets us up extremely well for 2024 because they get them left, they get the jobs out there, get them started. And so we entered '24 with a higher level of starts that have gone to aggregate shipments. So I think that obviously, you've got to wait and we'll see how that progresses and the DOTs able to get the work let and out for that they -- the projections they have. On big work, it's hard for me to really judge what some of my peers are doing because I don't get to look at their backlogs and look at their work. So a little bit hard to judge. Now you are insightful in the fact that very large jobs take longer to get from letting to start because they're complicated and there's a lot that goes into it from procuring land and permits, and just more detailed larger engineering things that have to happen and pre work that has to go into it. So we do have a number of large jobs in our backlogs. And as I said, they do take longer, but comparing it to my peers, it's just tough to do.
Phil Ng: I mean would it be fair, Tom, looking out to 2024, we see like mid-single-digit plus growth in public? Or is that still too optimistic at this point?
Thomas Hill: Well, obviously, too early to call because you've got to see what's happening in these lettings, but let's all be hopeful on that one.
Phil Ng: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on the non-res side of the ledger, the outlook for flat volumes this year. Just wondering if you can maybe break out what you're seeing in your markets and your backlogs on the heavier nonres side, so things like LNG, manufacturing warehouses, things of that nature versus lever commercial?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think the very large projects is really -- it's really encouraging. We're seeing a number of them. I mean, I'll give you some examples. You got aluminum plant here in Alabama, a 100 plant in Savannah, Georgia, the GM battery plant that we'll be shipping in Tennessee, the Ford F-150 plant in Kentucky and a big solar plant in North Alabama. All of those are hundreds of thousands of tons per job, and so very good work. We have some concerns on does the light non-res follow home construction. That's one piece. And while on heavier res, the starts look good right now. It's really -- the question is and what we're trying to see and can't see yet is what's behind those because you've got commercial loans that have been challenged for four quarters. So right now, the leading indicators look good. And we'll have to wait and see on the other -- see how it starts to trend? I think all in all, we try to be thoughtful as we assume flat but remember, that flat is at extremely high levels, and this sector is not overbuilt. So those set us up good for the future even if there is -- that some of the lighter stuff follows homebuilding, you've got a lot of heavy behind that, too.
Garik Shmois: Understood. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes from Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. I had some questions on the cost that was referred to earlier on the high single-digit increases in cost. Could you say again, on energy, are you seeing energy just kind of roll forward at current prices or is there any change up or down in the first half of the year?
Thomas Hill: A little bit -- though the first half of the year, energy costs will be up because of costs. We think it remains at elevated levels. But in the first part of the year, there's no question that everything, including energy, will be up because we saw such a quick rise of inflation throughout the year. So the comps get easier in cost as we go through the year just because the cost rose last year. But for energy in the first half, yes, will be -- it will be a headwind for us.
Keith Hughes: And if you strip out the energy, what does year-over-year cost growth look like and other enlighting items kind of percentage?
Thomas Hill: I would take it in pieces. I think that most of it is up mid to high single digits, and that's everything from electricity to parts, to the labor, just kind of all of it is up. It's just going to get hit harder in the first six months of the second six months.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Dudas from Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Tom and Mary Andrews.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Good Morning,
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Tom, just maybe you could share a little bit about a couple of your -- where some of your larger -- where are some of the surprises you may see given the dynamics you just put forth, whether it's regional, whether it's California, the weather was very hard, obviously, from the end of the quarter, beginning of this year. Where are some of the areas you think there could be some upside surprises and a couple of areas where there needs to be a little bit more concerned about some of the project flows that you're anticipating?
Thomas Hill: I think the big question for all of this is timing of highway projects. And that's in every DOT we have. All of them have great funding. All of them have great plans, all of them have really good lettings. It's how fast do they get that work to shipping aggregates. And I think that's the biggest question that we will have to watch as we go through the year. Now the good part about that question, if it goes faster, that's great but, as I've said, the highway work, it just takes longer to get there, than we think than anybody ever thinks it does, but it gets there.
Michael Dudas: So is that the delta between minus 2 and minus 6 on your volume expectations?
Thomas Hill: I would tell you that I think that's probably the biggest factor in the range. Yes.
Michael Dudas: Thank you, Tom.
Mark Warren: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: Can I get your help with your margin guidance because you're giving us aggregates cash gross profit per ton. I want to convert that back to you just your reported aggregates gross margin. I think you're guiding to, call it, 100 to 200 basis points of gross -- aggregates gross margin improvement this year, but I'm just not sure.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. That's right. We do expect aggregates gross margin expansion, I'd say, at least at those levels and also on EBITDA margins, too, this will be a year where we can call back to some of our more historical levels.
Adam Thalhimer: And do you see a lot of variability between quarters or is that pretty evenly throughout the year?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. I think from a margin standpoint, we expect consistent improvement throughout the year. As Tom said, it will be -- first half will be more price, more cost and second half will be more moderate price and more moderate cost. But I think on the margin side, we should see good growth in -- all throughout the year.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Rohit Seth from Seaport Research Partners.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Rohit Seth: Hi, good morning. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just clear to -- clear up on the nonresi. You talked about the light and heavy non-resi, what is the mix between the two and your total non-resi exposure?
Thomas Hill: I think it's probably -- right now, we're probably a lot heavier -- lot heavier on the heavy nonres as we saw the light catch-up -- had to catch up with residential growth. And it fell behind a little bit. So I think you still got some runway with light res as it has as it lags single-family, but the heavier piece of this will be a much heavier piece with us a majority of ours will be in heavy res.
Rohit Seth: Okay. So nonres is what, 30% of your sales, your volumes?
Thomas Hill: Yes. So that's a pretty good round number.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then just on capital allocation, can you maybe comment on what the deal market looks like at the moment?
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Yes. I think we still see good activity. We have -- our teams are always out looking for opportunities. I think specifically in these kind of environments. I mean, sometimes, there may become a disconnect between sellers' expectations and buyers' valuations. But as we talked about, we have a great ability to generate a lot of cash, and we're always looking for ways to put that to work growing the franchise, particularly through the bolt-on acquisitions. And those, I think, are more about timing on the seller side than anything else.
Thomas Hill: Yes. You saw us complete several of those really strategic ones in 2022, very important, particularly to our California, our critical California and Texas markets. We always have a few of those that we're working on. We're very picky about it. We're very disciplined about it. But -- and while years in which they may be the future is not as clear. Sometimes they get harder. I wouldn't expect a big turn-off or turn-on with acquisitions kind of a steady flow like we've seen. So I think there will be some out there. The timing of that will be seen, but we'll keep plugging at that and be disciplined about it.
Rohit Seth: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: It appears you have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to Tom for any additional closing remarks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you for your time this morning. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter and throughout the year. Please stay safe and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Gretchen, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A couple of housekeeping items before I turn the call over to Tom. First, please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the Company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. In the interest of time, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. This will allow for more questions during our time together. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. Additionally, a recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to each of you for joining the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. During the third quarter, our team showcased the durable growth capabilities of our aggregates-led business model. Volumes, prices, gross profit, and importantly unit profitability improved in each of our operating segments. Widespread double-digit pricing growth across all segments outpaced continued cost pressures. Our momentum is strong. Throughout our organization, we remain focused on our strategic disciplines, the Vulcan way of operating and the Vulcan way of selling, and the fundamental role they play as we continue to enhance our core business. We also continue to expand our reach and we've closed several strategic acquisitions this year. Importantly, during the third quarter, we acquired strategic aggregates and downstream assets to complement our existing business in Northern California. In the third quarter, we generated $507 million of adjusted EBITDA, which is a 21% increase over the prior year. Accelerating pricing growth and higher year-over-year shipments drove earnings improvement in each product line. In aggregates, gross profit improved 17% to $436 million. Volume improved 9% or 3% on a same-store basis, and it was geographically widespread. Pricing momentum continued growing from mid single-digit in the first quarter to high single-digit in the second quarter to double digits in the third quarter. Average selling prices on both a reported and mix-adjusted basis increased over 12% from the prior year's third quarter. Current pricing momentum and the visibility into future public demand growth will support a positive pricing environment for the remainder of 2022 and into 2023. As expected, our costs remained elevated in the quarter due to continued inflationary pressures. The price per gallon of diesel was more than 60% higher than the prior year, and most parts and supplies also face significant inflationary increases. Our focus on driving efficiencies through the Vulcan way of operating is critical to continuing with inflationary pressures and continuing to expand our unit profitability. In the third quarter, aggregates cash gross profit per ton improved 9% to $8.41 per ton. Our Asphalt segment also achieved significant improvement in the third quarter with a $22 million year-over-year increase in cash gross profit. The average price of liquid asphalt increased by over $200 per ton compared to the prior year's third quarter. That said, continued pricing momentum and healthy volumes drove favorable results in spite of the ongoing energy-related cost pressures. Asphalt volumes increased 13% and asphalt pricing improved 26%. Both volume and pricing improvements were widespread with particular strength in Arizona and California, our two largest asphalt markets. Concrete cash gross profit in the third quarter improved $25 million due to the contribution from acquired operations as well as strong volume and price growth in our legacy operations. Now that we have briefly reviewed the results from the third quarter, let's shift to the underlying demand environment and the outlook for construction activity. We see both challenges and opportunities in the future demand environment with different dynamics impacting each end use. Single-family housing is facing considerable headwinds, but multifamily housing and private non-residential starts still show growth. On the public side, leading indicators for highways and other infrastructure are reflecting strong tax revenues and increased funding from the infrastructure investment and Jobs Act. I'll share a few highlights on each end use. Starting with residential, single-family demand is now showing the impact of rising construction inflation, home prices and mortgage rates. Permits and starts are declining albeit at slower rates in bulk-and-serve markets than the country as a whole. Multifamily permits and starts remain positive. It's important to remember that residential construction activity remains at high levels. Also, household formations and limited inventories may dampen the magnitude and duration of weakness in residential demand. Private non-residential demand and leading indicators are currently healthy and the trailing 12-month private non-residential starts are up 21% over the prior year. Additionally, leading indicators remain positive with the Architecture Billings Index, or ABI still greater than 50 and the Dodge Momentum Index at high levels. On the public side, we are in growth mode. Trailing 12-month highway starts are up 14% and other infrastructure starts are up 18%. In fact, July and August were the two largest single months for highway awards in the last 10 years. The timing of starts converting to aggregate shipments will be a critical variable impacting next year's demand for aggregates. As we look into 2023, we expect that the current strength in private non-residential construction activity and increased public funding will help to offset contracting residential demand. We also carry strong pricing momentum into 2023. Our teams will be finalizing their annual planning over the next few weeks and we will share with you our full-year outlook on 2023 in February. Even with uncertainty in the broader economy, we are confident that we are well positioned to capitalize on pricing opportunities, benefit from the generational increases in public funding, and continue to expand our unit profitability. I will now turn the call over to Mary Andrews to comment further on our results and full-year outlook. Mary Andrews?
Mary Carlisle: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Tom highlighted the strong operating results we achieved in the third quarter in both our Aggregates and Non-aggregates segments. So I'll focus on a few other items in the P&L, the balance sheet and our revised outlook for the full-year 2022. Our SAG expenses as a percentage of revenue improved by 30 basis points versus the prior year quarter to 6.5% of revenue. Year-over-year increases in SAG were driven primarily by higher incentives consistent with improved earnings and elevated legal and professional fees related both to Mexico and business development activities. Our support teams have been focused on integration activities for acquired businesses, and we expect to reap benefits from those activities into next year. During the quarter, we recognized a pretax gain of $24 million on the sale of real estate in California. Also, as part of our ongoing focus on portfolio management, we are finalizing an agreement for the disposition of our ready-mix asset in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. And therefore, during the quarter, we adjusted the carrying value to fair value, resulting in a $68 million pretax charge. Now turning to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, our net leverage was 2.5x adjusted EBITDA and within our stated target range of 2x to 2.5x. Disciplined capital management remains fundamental to our strategy and we will continue to deploy capital consistent with our longstanding stated priority. Through the first nine months of this year, we've deployed $378 million in operating and growth capital to support and expand our valuable franchise, $528 million in M&A to grow and strengthen our market positions and $159 million in dividends to return cash to shareholders. Our balance sheet is strong. And during the quarter, we added another source of flexible and cost-effective capital by initiating a commercial paper program. We issued $550 million of commercial paper and used the proceeds to repay half of the outstanding $1.1 billion term loan. In conjunction with initiating the commercial paper program, we also upsized our revolving credit facility to $1.6 billion and extended its maturity to August of 2027. Our investment-grade balance sheet and significant cash generation capabilities give us the capacity to continue to invest in both organic and inorganic opportunities with a focus on improving shareholder returns and return on invested capital. On a trailing 12-month basis, our return on invested capital at quarter end was 13.6% inclusive of strategic acquisitions and ongoing investments and growth opportunities. We are focused on continuing to improve our returns. Now let me comment on the update to our full-year 2022 adjusted EBITDA guidance. We now expect to generate between $1.64 billion and $1.68 billion. Continued strength and underlying demand and acquisition activity are driving aggregates shipment expectations above the upper end of our original expectations of 5% to 7%. We now expect full-year aggregates volume to improve between 7% and 8%. We continue to expect mid single-digit growth and aggregates cash gross profit per ton for the full-year. As expected, pricing gains continue to grow in the third quarter and year-over-year improvement and unit profitability expanded sequentially and was in line with our second half expectations. Other updates to our guidance include full-year SAG expenses of approximately $520 million. Depreciation, depletion, amortization, and accretion expenses of approximately $575 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 25%. We continue to expect to spend between $600 million and $650 million on capital expenditures in 2022. These expenditures include both maintenance and growth projects, and the higher fourth quarter pace of expenditures is reflective of expected deliveries on ordered equipment. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews. Before we go to Q&A, I want to thank our entire Vulcan team for their hard work and consistent execution. I'm proud of the results they delivered in the third quarter, and I'm excited about the operations we added through acquisitions in the quarter. I'm particularly proud of the Vulcan family members who helped to rebuild Sanibel Causeway while at the same time coping with the hurricane impacts on their lives. Thank all of you for your dedication, to your community and to one another. We are always focused on keeping our people safe. We will continue empowering and developing our talented people and executing at a local level. We'll take advantage of the positive momentum and be nimble in addressing new challenges. I'm confident in our ability to continue driving improvement in our core business through the further development of our Vulcan way of selling and Vulcan way of operating strategic disciplines. They allow us to both take advantage of opportunities and confront challenges. Vulcan's long-term growth and value are durable because we have the right people focused on the right disciplines, offering the right products in the right markets. And now, Mary Andrews and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Stanley Elliott from Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for taking the question. Could you guys talk about – I mean, you had some momentum kind of exiting the year. Kind of how does this position you all kind of thinking about into next year, whether – I mean you mentioned a little bit on the – some of the end market side, but just curious to get your thoughts, high level?
Thomas Hill: Yes. Good morning, first of all. And I think I'll take the fourth quarter first and then next year. If you look at the numbers in the fourth quarter, it would really show flat volumes compared to last year. And that's really not a reflection on demand. It's more about comps and fourth quarter weather. So we tried to be thoughtful about this. Last year's November, December shipping rates were the highest in 10 years. In fact, November was the highest month of last year. And then you always got weather in the fourth quarter. In fact, we've seen some of that already. The hurricane that hit Florida actually impacted us the first week of the fourth quarter when it blew up through the East Coast with a lot of rain. And then we've been impacted with low water on the Mississippi. If you step back and look at the fundamentals, our leading indicators are still very positive. Bookings and backlogs are up meaningful year-over-year and quote activity is still robust. So I think we're just trying to weigh puts and takes in the fourth quarter. Looking to 2023, we're actually doing those budgets right now as we speak and appreciate our operators' hard work on that. At a high level, I think 2023 will depend on the magnitude of decline in single-family residential construction, that being offset by the timing and growth of infrastructure and private non-res construction. If you look at the leading indicators in private non-res and in public infrastructure, they're very positive, particularly in Vulcan markets. The starts in Vulcan markets are outpacing other markets. The non-residential indicators, the ABI and the DMI, they both point to growth. On highways IIJA, we're seeing – we're starting to see that impact on DOT planning. It's really a question of the timing from starts to shipments. Quote activity in both non-res and highways is very good and customer sentiment is positive, and you've got to believe the fundamental of construction employment growth. So I think for next year, it's a matter of positives in non-res and highways being offset by single-family. What I do know about 2023, I think that I have confidence that we'll be able to grow our unit margins. And what gives me confidence in that is the hard work that we talked about at Investor Day, we were like done and that we're doing on our strategic disciplines, the Vulcan way of selling, the Vulcan way of operations. And I think we've proved that we could do that. And even with significant headwinds, we were consistent in growing unit margins at a pandemic. We were consistent in growing unit margins when we saw volumes fall. And we've been pretty consistent about growing them even in the face of dramatic inflationary pressures. So I'm confident we'll improve regardless – improve unit margins in 2023, regardless of outside forces, and that's because we just want to control our own destiny.
Stanley Elliott: Tom, that’s great color. Thanks very much and best of luck.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trey Grooms from Stephens.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Mary Carlisle: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: Hey. Good morning, Tom, Mary Andrews. Thank you for taking my question. Tom, you touched on this on the prior question answer, but if we could get more color. You guys put up impressive improvement in aggregates unit margins. I know you spend a lot of time on the Analyst Day talking about that, and we saw that come through in the quarter, especially given the cost headwinds. But could you talk about maybe in a little bit more detail how we should be thinking about the puts and takes as we look into the 4Q and into 2023 on the cash gross profit per ton improvement? I know you mentioned the confidence there and growing, but any further color would be great.
Thomas Hill: Sure. I think as I look at the fourth quarter, much like the third quarter, I think we'll continue that momentum. And I think I would look at it pretty much consistent with Q3. Again, we carry good pricing momentum into 2023, and we'll get into that in more detail, but work to be done there. It's not – we don't have that in the bag yet. And then from a operating efficiencies, you saw that when we talked about that in September. It's really more throughput, less downtime and being efficient with your labor and your inspections on your equipment to catch it before it breaks. And I think those disciplines are in place. We're improving. We've got the automation in place now. Still work to be done on it, but it's about consistent, continuous improvement.
Trey Grooms: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much for the color.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Can we just talk about the really strong acceleration in your aggregates organic volumes and margin improvement within the context of the headwinds that you're facing from the Mexican operations? What extent have you been able to hit the same markets from rail lines versus the prior transportation method? And can you just bridge for us the year-over-year margin improvement given the drag having those operations down year-over-year had in the quarter? Thanks.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think if you just step back and look at Mexico, nothing's changed there. We'll still shut down. The impact is still going to be that $80 million to $100 million for the full-year, and that's built into our guidance. If you look at volumes, the volume growth was really widespread. It's not – it's in every market we had. And so it was very widespread. We were – have not been able to make up the volumes on the coast and – just because the railroads can't – we can't mitigate it with – because the railroads can't pull the volume. In fact, they couldn't pull the volume we wanted to ship prior to Mexico being shut down. So that has just been a loss for us and one that you've seen us made up kind of throughout our markets.
Jerry Revich: And Tom, can you comment on the margin piece because that $80 million to $100 million run rate, that's a big headwind that you folks overcame in the quarter. Any additional context you can provide?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I mean, it's just a matter of those strategic disciplines at work. You've got price up 12.5%, and you've got – our operating efficiencies are in place and working and continue to improve. We're at $8.41 per ton in the third quarter. So we're barreling towards that $9. This is why we placed another target of 11 to 12, but I think it's just fundamental solid operations and execution.
Jerry Revich: Well done. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Congrats on a really strong quarter and a really good execution across the board.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Mary Carlisle: Thanks, Phil.
Philip Ng: Tom, I guess, you gave us some qualitative color on how to think about 2023. One of your competitors guide to be flat volumes for next year. I know you guys are still kind of working through that. But can you kind of help unpack how you're thinking about some of these end markets where it's housing, non-res and infrastructure. Are some of the good guys enough to offset that? And on the DOT side, what do you start anticipating that inflection kind of pop? Just wanted to get some color in terms of the cadence and that flow through next year?
Thomas Hill: I think you asked the right question about when does a highways pop. If you look at starts and highways on a trailing six-month basis, it's up 17% on a three-month basis, it's up 27%. So the fundamentals for multiyear growth in highways and infrastructure are very good. You've got substantial funding, both state, county city. You add to that the COVID funds. For example, highways funding went up in Florida, $1.5 billion from COVID funds. So there's substantial funding everywhere and you're starting to see that flow into lettings. In fact, we booked substantial highway work in the last 90 days. So biddings and bookings growth should continue through the fourth quarter and through 2023 and probably for another five or six years. At this point, it's not if, but when. It's a matter of timing. And the speed to get funding to lettings, which you're starting to see, lettings to aggregate shipments. Admittedly, the DOTs have struggled – continue to struggle a little bit to get money out, but they're obviously making progress with those trailing three-month starts at the 27%. And for example, Caltrans, the 2021, 2022 lettings were target was $4.9 billion. They fell short by $500 million when they shifted into 2023 plans, which is now $5.4 billion and the next year is $7.2 billion. So highways is growing. I think it's just – it's really just a matter of speed and how fast they can get to work. I think, again, what I'm encouraged that is – last 90 days at 27% improvements on starts. That's a big deal, and we're seeing in lettings. And you can see that start to flow as people are making plans for calendar year 2023. On non-res, it's remarkably strong and growing and starts are way up, and it's widespread.
Philip Ng: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color.
Thomas Hill: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl: Thanks for taking my questions. Can we talk about inflation a little bit and maybe give us a little more color on how you're seeing that evolve into the fourth quarter, where you've seen an easing if you have seen easing? And conversely, if there are any incremental pressures you're seeing? Any thoughts on if things stay the way they are, what that means for carryover inflation into the beginning of next year?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I would call the fourth quarter similar to third quarter. The cost inflation just remains stubbornly high. We're obviously offsetting that with price and operating efficiencies or some of it. The parts and service costs are and will probably stay high. I would think that will be for sure in the fourth quarter, and I would expect it into 2023. Obviously, energy headwinds have been – particularly diesel has been extremely tough year-to-date. That's just under $100 million headwind for us. So I think we should expect most of the cost inflation to remain elevated for sure in the fourth quarter, and I would expect it into 2023.
Michael Dahl: Okay. That helps. Thanks. And my second question is just on the sale of the ready-mix assets in the tri-state area and Pennsylvania. Can you just walk us through that a little bit more kind of rationale and any comments on as you've evaluated the portfolio post the U.S. Concrete deal? Is this kind of the last chunky thing? Or are there other things potentially on the horizon?
Thomas Hill: When we bought this, we said we would value – we take a year to evaluate and look at our hand. And us selling the ready-mix business is – well, we're selling the ready-mix business up there. We're keeping the aggregate business. And this is us just optimizing our portfolio. We felt like that after looking at it, the ready-mix business up there fit others better than it did us. We had plenty of suitors. Again, we like the aggregates business. That's a good infrastructure play. It's a well-structured aggregate market, which we think is a platform for growth. And all you're seeing there is us optimizing our portfolio.
Michael Dahl: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Thomas Hill: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Feniger from Bank of America.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Michael Feniger: Good morning, Tom. Thanks for taking my questions. Obviously, the concern on demand has been around housing and implications there. So Tom, I believe your shipments peaked last cycle in 2005 with housing, yet you were able to really grow strongly in 2006 and 2007. I believe since you are still kind of flat to down in that period. So could we see a similar playbook here for 2023, 2024, with housing down, the resi down yet infrastructure is strong and pricing. Maybe kind of just talk through the similarities from what we're seeing now compared to that 2005 period when housing started to turn.
Thomas Hill: Yes. Housing has turned. We know that. I think that the starts point to it, as do permits. I think what you got to step back and remember, what's very different this time is it's – the fundamentals for single-family residential growth in our market still – they're still there. You've got extremely low inventories, you've got good employment and you've got population growth. So the underlying fundamentals were not overbuilt like we were – when housing went down the last time. So I would expect it to have less depth and less length of time. That being said, I think what really is different for me is the non-res side. It is very strong. All end uses are up, that's office in stores, warehouses, manufacturing, industrial and institutional and the leading indicators show growth. For example, if you look at square footage, which is how we have to look at it, trailing 12-month starts are up 29% in our markets versus 11% in others and trailing three-month is up 47% in our markets versus 9% in non-Vulcan market. So again, it's widespread. It's across all end users. And what stands out for me also is the manufacturing growth in the Southeast, and these are big jobs that we've built on. And let's see if I can just take a few of those. You've got, for example, Big River Steel in Arkansas, it's probably 0.5 million tons. You've got Universal Epic Park in Orlando, Smith Farms, Industrial Park in South Carolina. The big Ford electric vehicle center in Tennessee and the Samsung chip plant in Texas. And the list keeps going. So I guess, a little bit surprised, but very pleased with the rate of growth we're seeing in non-res.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. And I think one other thing as we think about kind of 2005 era versus now more internally. I think we're in a different place with the focus that we've put on our strategic disciplines and the Vulcan way of selling and the Vulcan way of operating, which we're confident will be helpful regardless of the macro environment.
Michael Feniger: Helpful. Thank you. And just my second question, on the aggregate side, you reported an incremental margin of 21%, 31% ex-freight. Just bigger picture, I know we're not guiding here, but if we turn to next year and you're getting double-digit growth, which is all price or price-led, you don't have another $100 million headwind from energy, let's say, you don't have a headwind there. What's the right incremental operating margin, which you could kind of expect on that aggregate side if we don't have that cost or inflationary headwind? Thank you.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. On the incrementals, as we always do, we'll guide you back to over the long-term and on a same-store basis to that kind of 60%. Obviously, the dynamics in these volatile inflationary times make those numbers jump all over the place. But we always take you back to that 60% over the long-term.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could talk a bit about how much pricing you expect to carry over into 2023 from some of the mid-year actions you took this year in aggregates and just how to think about pricing broadly moving forward, given some of the demand uncertainty? And if you could maybe give us some color on how the discussions are going around early next year price increases at this point, that would be helpful.
Thomas Hill: Sure. The pricing environment continues to be very good and really driven by visibility to growth in infrastructure and inflation. As we said last quarter, we saw – we're going to see prices sequentially grow. We saw it grow from Q1 to Q2, and then it really jumped from Q2 to Q3 I would say Q4 similar to Q3. And that growth has really supported the big jump from two to three by the July price increases and higher price bid work. And that pricing is widespread across all of our markets. And importantly, we're able to take it to the bottom line through the Vulcan way of selling and Vulcan way of ops. If you look at next year, we carry a lot of that momentum into 2023 as do our ready-mix asphalt and contractor customers. The work we're bidding now will ship in 2023. So we're setting the table right now. And we've had our – we're having our January pricing conversations for fixed plants, and I think those have gone well. But remember, work to be done. The second half comps are going to be a lot tougher. And so while we got good momentum and have a good start to 2023, we still got to be worked – we still have to do work to earn that price, particularly in the second half.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Thank you for taking my question today. You've been spending time cleaning up portfolio with the assets in the Northeast. But as we look forward, you've also mentioned focusing on M&A and growth particularly in a market that is a bit uncertain right now. How do you focus on – how where do you focus on growing your portfolio in light of the current dynamic? Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Yes. I mean you saw us do some of that this year. We bought some very strategic assets in Northern California and coastal Texas that fit us well and fit our network and expanded our network. I think that as we look at acquisitions, you probably see a little bit – maybe a little bit of slowing, which usually happens in times of uncertainty. And I think our position here is to be opportunistic and disciplined as always, particularly what markets you want to be in. To your point, you got to be very disciplined about what markets you want to be in, and what you don't and what product lines you want to be in in those markets. So we'll continue that. I think this was a typical year with a number of strategic aggregate bolt-ons, and I think you'll continue to see us do that.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Mary Carlisle: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Over the past year, we've heard about tight cement and RMC markets being a bottleneck for ag volumes. As the housing market has softened, have you seen that start to loosen? Or is that something that you anticipate to see in 2023? Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about those downstream markets.
Thomas Hill: Yes, it has been tight. I mean maybe a little bit of a headwind on aggregates. I'm not sure drivers and trucks wouldn't have been a headwind anyway with that. We've really not seen a lot of the housing market tighten in our markets yet, maybe a little bit in Northern California and North Texas, but really, we've not seen it yet. With leading indicators, we know it's going to come. I would expect most markets to continue to be somewhat tight on cement even with the loosening of residential starts.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congrats on a great quarter.
Thomas Hill: Thank you. Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: I wanted to zero in on the Northeast concrete sale. What was the impact to that in terms of Q3 gross profit? Because I guess you put that into assets held for sale. So you took that out of the Concrete segment before Q3. And then what would be the total impact to the back half of the year vis-à-vis taking that out versus your guidance?
Mary Carlisle: Yes. Adam, you're right, we did reclassified the assets. That's held for sale on the balance sheet. We continue – those operations are still reflected in the P&L in continuing ops. And in terms of the rest of the year, we've taken that into account in the updated guidance that we provided. And once it closes, we can comment more on the details of that transaction.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. But for Q3, Northeast is in the concrete gross profit numbers?
Mary Carlisle: That's correct.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timna Tanners from Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Mary Carlisle: Good morning.
Timna Tanners: Just wanted to follow-up, and I know this is tricky, but on the Mexican quarry, if you were in our shoes, how would you think about, one, the timing of any restart or ability to restart? And two, any compensation for lost revenue? Any updated thoughts there or any progress would be great? Thanks.
Thomas Hill: I wouldn't count on a restart. I would count on that the $80 million to $100 million is built into our guidance. It's the volumes and our volumes and has all the earnings. We filed an application with the NAFTA arbitration to seek additional claims because of the closure. And in July, we were very pleased the Tribunal granted our application to seek further claims. We're pleased with that decision. We hope to know a lot more in 2023, but these things take time. We've not made the claim public, mainly because we're still working on the magnitude of the ancillary claims. So work to be done on that one, but we do feel like we'll be compensated. We do feel like we have a good case, and we felt like the Tribunal recognize that with letting us open that back up in July.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Any things to watch for, like any upcoming court dates or time frames to watch for that could be further progress?
Thomas Hill: It will be next year. And again, it takes time. I would say – well, as things come – as we know, we'll let you know, but no hard dates at this point.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Appreciate the update. Thanks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dillon Cumming from Morgan Stanley.
Dillon Cumming: Great. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Sorry to ask another one on Mexico, but just you kind of noted in your release that you had acquired a quarry in Honduras, I believe, which I think was serving some of those same Gulf Coast markets. Just kind of wanted to ask if there were any kind of like less obvious ways, South America and otherwise that you might be able to actually fill in those volumes that we should be watching for into next year as well?
Thomas Hill: No. I mean that was a business we had already been associated with it. We had a distribution agreement in place for that quarry for four years. So we've been selling those materials as a complementary product to our blue water network since 2019. So it's not added to volume. It will be – its lower mark substantially lower large margins than Mexico. We've gotten the question, well, can you expand it? And it would be logistically really difficult considerably increase the volumes from where they are today because of where that quarry is and some of the shipping constraints. It was – we had it in business for the last few years, really is a complementary source to supply those coastal markets. So it's really not a replacement for tons in Mexico or profitability in Mexico.
Dillon Cumming: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes from Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Just within the fourth quarter kind of implied guide, do you think in the aggregate segment, will you be able to grow margins, in other words, get kind of ahead of the cost curve? Is there still going to be a drag?
Thomas Hill: On the fourth quarter, I would expect a very similar performance to what you saw in Q3. So we've gotten our price out ahead of cost. Where I don't expect cost to – the inflationary pressures to go down, either in Q4 or 2023. So that's kind of how I look at. Mary Andrews?
Mary Carlisle: Yes. And Keith, I think on a gross margin basis, kind of what we discussed at the second quarter was we expected in the back half that the margins would squeeze closer to the prior year. You saw that in the third quarter. The delta was about half of what it was in the second quarter, and I think that, that will continue to improve in the fourth quarter.
Keith Hughes: Okay. You had a really nice improvement in concrete and the third, would we expect a similar type of improvement in the fourth?
Thomas Hill: I think I would expect a similar performance in the quarter. I'd expect it to start going up again in the first quarter of next year as we have price increases in the first year in concrete.
Keith Hughes: All right. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tyler Brown from Raymond James.
Tyler Brown: Hey, good morning.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Mary Carlisle: Good morning.
Tyler Brown: Hey, Mary Andrews. I know it's a bit early, but I want to start thinking about the building blocks on the free cash flow side for next year. I think that bonus depreciation actually steps down in 2023. That may put some pressure on cash taxes. I think cash interest is probably a headwind. But just any color on those two items specifically and the magnitude and what that might mean for free cash?
Mary Carlisle: We'll give – obviously give more guidance on that when we get to February. I think you're thinking about the interest components correctly. Our conversion ratios have remained at really, really healthy levels, and I don't think we'd expect that to change materially in 2023.
Tyler Brown: Okay. All right. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Mary Carlisle: Good morning.
David MacGregor: Good morning. Great quarter. Congratulations on the results.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
David MacGregor: I wanted to ask you about the revised shipment guidance, and going from 5% to 7% up to 7% to 8%. And how much of this would you relate to improving demand versus maybe easing constraints? And I guess with respect to some of those constraints, are they evolving in a favorable way is economic growth eases in this country and will 2023 be any different?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think you've seen a little bit of easing and constraints in construction, but they're still substantial. The railroad constraints we're still – while they've improved a little bit. We still got bottlenecks. On a good shipping day, you still have trucking constraints, albeit both of them are a little bit better than maybe they were a year ago. Same thing with builders. They're still having problems getting supplies and getting parts to get them in a timely manner and they're holding up construction, again, maybe a little better. We said at the beginning of the year that the underlying demand was better than what we had predicted and we continue to see that underlying demand to be pretty good, albeit starting to see some softness in leading indicators in single-family. I think it's a combination of demand remains very good and some easing of bottlenecks, although they're still there.
David MacGregor: And thoughts with respect to whether it gets any better in 2023?
Thomas Hill: Yes. I think it continues to improve. I think it's slow. I think the railroads are adding people. Obviously, we're getting more efficient with our trucking to the Vulcan way of selling. And I think in supplies for construction, I think, continue to slowly improve as we go through 2023.
Mary Carlisle: Yes. And another impact on the full-year volume guide was the acquisition activity and just the healthy underlying demand held up.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thank you very much.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Michael Dudas from Vertical Research.
Thomas Hill: Hi, Mike.
Mary Carlisle: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Thanks for getting me in. Good morning, Mark, Tom and Mary Andrews. Maybe to follow-up on the previous questions back on free cash. As you're looking at your plans for 2023, not to put out the exact guidance, but relative to CapEx spending levels next year versus this year, are you caught up from some of the delays from the pandemic relative to some of the maintenance or growth opportunities? And since you implied that potentially because of the uncertainty and acquisitions maybe a little bit more tricky or maybe deferred, how does that impact relative to allocation towards the balance sheet or capital return to shareholders? Thank you.
Mary Carlisle: So I think on CapEx, like our operating plans, we're in the middle of finalizing our 2023 needs right now. I don't think I would expect anything substantially different. We have hopefully been able to catch up some of the lack of spending in 2020 and 2021. You'll note that our pace of spending in Q4 will accelerate from what it has been, and that's dependent upon receiving equipment. So we'll just kind of see how that shakes out and that will somewhat impact 2023 as well. But over the longer term, I think about CapEx as the – vary with volume more than anything else, more and more than time. And so we wouldn't see anything meaningfully different.
Operator: And that appears to be our last question. I will now turn the program back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Thomas Hill: Thank you. I want to take a minute and thank the entire Vulcan team for their tireless efforts to ensure continuous improvement regardless of what the world throws at them. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials, and we look forward to talking to you through the quarter. Thank you, and have a safe day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Katie, and I will be your conference coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mary Andrews Carlisle, Vice President of Finance. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. A recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our website. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. As the operator indicated, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Our teams delivered another solid performance in a challenging macro environment. The resilient nature of our aggregates-led business actually stands out in times like these. We've grown our cash gross profit per ton in 15 of the last 16 quarters and expanded our trailing 12-month unit profitability at a compounded annual growth rate of 5.5% over that 4-year period. These consistent results come from our unwavering commitment to executing on our strategic disciplines, which allows us to capitalize on pricing opportunities to mitigate cost pressures and to drive improvement in unit profitability. During the second quarter, we grew our aggregates cash gross profit per ton despite significant external headwinds. Importantly, our year-over-year improvement expanded sequentially each month. We are poised to carry this momentum forward and deliver both aggregates cash unit profitability growth and double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth this year. We generated $450 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter, an 11% increase over the prior year. These results include an approximate $20 million impact from the unexpected and arbitrary shutdown of our operation in Mexico in May. The results were also hampered by ongoing energy cost headwinds and other inflationary pressures. Pricing improvement was robust across all product lines. Year-over-year growth in aggregates mix-adjusted price has increased sequentially for 6 quarters. Both asphalt and ready-mix delivered strong double-digit price improvement, which helped cost set rising energy costs. Turning now to each segment. Aggregates gross profit improved 8% to $402 million. Demand remained healthy across our footprint during the second quarter with the majority of geographies showing shipment growth. Overall, volume improved 9% or 2% on a same-store basis. Ongoing pricing momentum helped margins return to growth in the second quarter. Freight adjusted pricing increased 9% over the prior year's quarter. Mix-adjusted pricing improved 10%. We expect continued momentum through the balance of the year as second half price increases and new project work backlog at higher prices begin to flow through into the third quarter.
Operator: In the second quarter, aggregates cash gross profit improved 2% to $7.99 per ton. In the Asphalt segment, both volume and pricing improvements were geographically dispersed. Pricing actions that began last year usually a 19% improvement in average selling prices in the quarter and helped to mitigate a $33 million energy headwind. Volumes improved 9%, asphalt cash gross profit in the quarter held 2021 levels, despite the significant year-over-year increases in liquid asphalt and natural gas costs. Concrete cash gross profit in the second quarter benefited from the addition of U.S. Concrete, growing from $14 million in the prior year to $51 million this year. Volume, price and material margins all improved as higher selling prices offset higher material costs. Continued improvement in private nonresidential construction activity and the onset of infrastructure investment remain catalysts for the concrete segment. Now let's shift to the broader demand environment. We continue to expect private and public demand to grow in 2022. Residential construction activity in the second half of 2022 will remain good and multifamily permits and starts are showing particular strength. Headwinds to single-family construction have resulted in slowing permits and starts, but after multiple years of strong growth, single-family construction remains at high levels, and Vulcan states continue to outperform the U.S. average. Private nonresidential demand has returned to growth and has broadened in 2022 beyond aggregate-intensive warehouses and distribution projects to now include other nonresidential categories like office, manufacturing and institutional work. On a trailing 12-month basis, square footage for total private nonresidential starts has grown 20% in bulk-and-serve markets and is now above pre-COVID levels. Other leading indicators like the Architecture Billings Index and the Dodge Momentum Index also point towards growth. The ABI remains in positive growth territory, and the Dodge Momentum Index hit a 14-year high in June. On the public side, we've entered growth mode. And while public demand has somewhat -- has been somewhat muted in the first half of the year, we anticipate secondhand growth in both highways and infrastructure. The bidding and booking activity we saw in the second quarter reflected record levels of public funding. In addition, we anticipate that the federal infrastructure investment and Jobs Act funding will begin to flow into shipments in 2023 and for years to come. Now remember, the ultimate timing of the impact of the IIJA will depend upon the pace at which states continue to allocate additional funds and the time horizon needed to move from design to letting to construction. Overall, our markets are positioned to continue to outperform other parts of the country, and our strong execution and tireless commitment to expanding our unit margins will ensure that we continue to drive value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Suzanne and Mary Andrews to comment further on our results and the full year outlook. Suzanne?
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everyone. As I reflect on the first half of this year, I'm pleased with our 14% adjusted EBITDA growth that was driven by a strong performance in aggregates, which Tom described, and SAG cost leverage. Our strategic discipline helped us confront and overcome macro challenges in the current dynamic operating environment. In regards to SAG, we reduced this cost as a percentage of revenue by 50 basis points in the first half to 7.3%, and we are positioned to further leverage cost by the end of the year. I'm also pleased that our net leverage was reduced to 2.5x EBITDA, the top end of our stated target range of 2x to 2.5x. Our balance sheet is strong, and our significant cash generation capabilities give us the capacity to continue to invest in both organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Disciplined capital management remains fundamental to our strategy. Our capital decisions are made with the goal of improving shareholder returns and return on invested capital, while maintaining financial flexibility and our investment-grade credit ratings. On a trailing 12 months basis, our ROIC at quarter end was 13.6%. Our adjusted EBITDA over the same time horizon increased by 13%, and we expect continued improvement. I'll now turn the call over to Mary Andrews to provide more details on our outlook for the remainder of 2022. Mary Andrews.
Mary Andrews Carlisle: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning all. It is a pleasure to take part in this quarter's call. In February, we communicated expectations for 2022 of delivering adjusted EBITDA between $1.72 billion and $1.82 billion. Today, we are providing an update to our full year guidance. Our update reflects both the previously disclosed $80 million to $100 million impact from the loss of our Mexico business, in addition to other adjustments related to higher-than-anticipated inflationary pressures. We now expect adjusted EBITDA for the full year between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion. We expect mid-single-digit growth in aggregates cash gross profit per ton for the full year. The strong pricing momentum we have seen in the first half is expected to continue, and we now expect aggregates freight adjusted prices to increase between 9% and 11% for the year. We continue to expect aggregates volume improvement of 5% to 7%. We are also revising our expectations for the Asphalt segment due to the continued escalation of liquid asphalt costs. Asphalt earnings for the full year are now expected to approximate full year 2021, benefiting from solid shipment growth and aggressive pricing actions that are offsetting the significantly higher energy costs. I'll run through a few other components that may be helpful for modeling purposes. SAG expenses are expected to be between $495 million and $505 million. Interest expense for the year is expected to be approximately $165 million. Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion is expected to be approximately $565 million. The effective tax rate is estimated between 21% and 22%. We plan to spend between $600 million and $650 million on capital expenditures in 2022. These expenditures include both maintenance and growth projects. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mary Andrews, and a special thank you to Suzanne. As we previously announced, this will be Suzanne's last earnings call. You hear me say this a lot, but it's the people of Vulcan to make this place special. And Suzanne is, for sure, one of those people. Suzanne, we're grateful for your tenure, and we appreciate your leadership. And it's been -- and your leadership has been -- played a critical role in our success over the last 4 years in our ability to deliver enhanced profitability and higher returns on capital despite pressures like pandemics and inflation. And while Suzanne's business skills are tremendous, I think what I'll miss most is her caring touch. And I think what the organization will miss is how she welcomes all in and made us feel a part of the Vulcan family. Suzanne, we wish you the best in your retirement. We'll miss you greatly. We want to thank you. Well, make sure you go take care of those grandbabies. I want to also thank the entire Vulcan team for your hard work and your success. I'm excited about where we've been, but I'm more excited about what we're going to accomplish the rest of 2022 and beyond. First and foremost, on keeping our people safe as we've shown in our industry-leading safety performance. And we are focused on delivering value to our shareholders by executing at the local level, driving unit margin expansion through our strategic disciplines and maximizing the synergies from recent acquisitions. We look forward to seeing all of you in New York in September for our Investor Day. And now Suzanne, Mary Andrews, and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Starting off, I mean, there's a tremendous amount of volatility in the market right now. Has it changed your view on where we are in the cycle? And maybe could you point to some things that you're seeing in the market that give you confidence that things really haven't changed all that materially?
Tom Hill: Stanley, I think as an investor, I'd ask 3 critical questions. The first question would be what's going to happen with price? And I think that's a pretty easy question to answer. Price is very good. It's getting better, and it's going to continue for the foreseeable future. We've seen times where we had double-digit pricing, and usually when that happens, it's a multiyear trend. Second question would be, okay, in the face of inflation, can you take that price to the bottom line? And simply, yes. We saw an inflection point in the second quarter. Margins were back in growth in May, kind of low single digit, then they grew to mid-single digit in June. So margins are in expansion mode. And then we're going to have mid-year price increases. So pricing is now outpacing inflation. And I'd like to take you back to a critical fundamental of our aggregates business, and that is that aggregate pricing is inelastic, but diesel cost or not. And then the third question would be what's going to happen with demand and shipments in the foreseeable future? And I think the answer to that one is we see demand continuing to grow, maybe in a little bit different format, so less single-family, more multifamily, really growing non-res and a lot more infrastructure. So you put all those 3 questions together, I think our business is set up for success for the next few years.
Stanley Elliott: That's great. And Suzanne, best wishes to you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you, Stanley.
Operator: Our next question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms: The cash gross profit, I wanted to touch on that. Cash gross profit per ton increased in the quarter, which is pretty impressive given the headwinds, and you're looking for, I think, the revised guide is a mid-single-digit improvement for the year, which it does imply a pretty strong pickup in the back half. So how should we be thinking about the progression there? And I'm assuming that, that will imply a pretty strong exit rate and bode well for profitability going into next year. So any color you could give there would be helpful.
Tom Hill: Yes. So as I talked about earlier, if you looked at May, we were up, say, 2% of unit margins; June, say, 5%. You've got another price jump in July. We're also adding higher bidding prices in the second half. We see -- the cost inflation, it's not just going to go down, but it's not going to continue accelerating like it has. And that would point us to what I'd say high single-digit unit margins in the second half. So really, we've recovered -- as we always do, we'll take the inflationary hit. Our pricing lags, but we'll jump it and we'll go back in the growth mode. And I'd say that unit margins will be very good in the second half, and we'll carry that momentum into '23.
Trey Grooms: And best wish to Suzanne for the retirement.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Just wondering if you could speak a little bit more on the infrastructure side. Coming into the quarter, you were still expecting this -- the first half of this year to reflect a bit of an air pocket due to bidding activity that was a little bit slower in the back half of last year. I'm just wondering, you've got some slides that have reflected an increase. I'm just wondering if what you're seeing on the ground and kind of what the expectations are just [indiscernible] moving forward...?
Tom Hill: And I'm sorry, I couldn't hear the first part of your question. Are you talking about the entire [mark] or specific end use like highways?
Garik Shmois: Yes. Sorry, I was speaking specifically to highways.
Tom Hill: Sure. I think it was slow as we had predicted in the first half because states kind of hit the pause button in the second half of last year to kind of see what's going to happen with their budgets. The fundamentals, I think, for multiyear growth in infrastructure and highways is very good. At this point, you've got state, county, city tax revenues at extremely high levels, and that is prior to IIJA. We've seen substantial bidding booked work in infrastructure in the last 90 days. And embedded in that in the recent backlog as a number of multiyear big, big projects and again, prior to IIJA. So the bidding and backlog growth should continue for the balance of this year. And then I think the DOT budgets as we look forward to next year, are starting to reflect the 38% funding increase from IIJA plus, on top of that, their substantial funding going into this. So we predicted the growth. We saw it in the biddings in the second quarter. We think that continues for this year and well into '23 and '24.
Operator: Our next question will come from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: On the updated guidance, if we strip out Mexico, I think there's $30 million from higher costs, if I got that right. I'm just wondering if you can put any finer point on that $30 million diesel energy, I don't know, labor or if there's other things that we should be thinking about there?
Tom Hill: Yes. It's really energy. And, I mean, diesel from the second half to the -- first half to the second half is probably about in line, but you still have other inflationary pressures in there and labor continue to escalate a little bit. But it's primarily just all the flow-through of all the inflationary inputs and services that we have in that business.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, Anthony. I'd just add that, that extra $30 million, you'll see the majority of that in the Asphalt segment due to continued higher liquid in the back half. And then you'll know we also raised the SAG guide just a bit, which is related to some business development expenses and other legal costs related to Mexico.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just on Mexico, understanding the guidance adjustment, can you just remind us of the timeline for potential NAFTA arbitration and sort of the remedies that you're pursuing there?
Tom Hill: Yes. So with the shutdown in May, we filed an application in the NAFTA arbitration to seek additional claims because of the shutdown. In July, the Tribunal granted our application to seek those further claims, and we should hope to hear a decision sometime in 2023.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And Suzanne, thanks so much for all the help over the years.
Suzanne Wood: Sure. I enjoyed it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Suzanne and Mary Andrews, congratulations once again to you both. Suzanne we'll miss working with you. I'm wondering if I could just ask, as you folks look at what every outlook for aggregates percent margin performance is embedded over the balance of the year, if we back out the impact of the unfortunate situation in Mexico, do you expect year-over-year percent gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter just based on the pricing actions that you folks have announced? And similarly, can you just talk about the cadence of organic volume expectations now that we have to contend with not being able to ship from Mexico, it looks like over the next couple of quarters?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I think on the gross margins in the back half, like Tom said, we really view the second quarter as having been an inflection point with pricing beginning to accelerate faster than the cost. And so we would expect to see gross margins begin to improve in the back half.
Tom Hill: Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Jerry Revich: I apologize, I was just going to ask, is that a year-over-year margin expansion Tom or sequential?
Suzanne Wood: I think we'll see sequentially the challenges that we've had in gross margin in the first half and the inflationary pressures will abate some in the second half.
Jerry Revich: And I apologize, Tom, did you want to add on the volume point?
Tom Hill: Yes. You asked about volumes, and I would tell you that what's in the guidance is growth of roughly low single digit. I would tell you to point out that the underlying demand in the market, I think, is a lot stronger than that, particularly with the growth we're seeing in nonres and infrastructure. The second half, as I said, we'll see growth, but you've got some headwinds there. And it's namely -- the biggest one is going to be Mexico. Second would be lack of rail service. We just can't get enough product to the coastal markets. And the third and fourth one would be just truck shortages at peak time capacity and then some cement charges in the market. As we look further out, I think the demand drivers are shifting. You've got single-family leading indicators, not as robust, but we think that -- well, it's still at really high levels, but we think that's offset by 3 factors: One, multifamily construction remains extremely strong; two, non-residential construction continues to improve; and three, as we talked about, highways and infrastructure bookings are showing considerable strength in the last 90 days, and that's prior to IIJA and that will only get better in the second half of this year going into '23. And remember that -- you got to remember that Vulcan markets enjoy considerable population growth. So our demand profile will grow faster than the rest of the country.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Brian Biros: This is actually Brian Biros on for Kathryn. We've been hearing increased concern from state DOTs that inflation is beginning to impact their ability to address their work programs. So I guess, in addition to labor and material shortages, are you seeing inflation impact the public work programs at all?
Tom Hill: You hear about jobs not being awarded due to being over the engineers' estimates because of inflation, and we think that's really the exception, not the norm. The place that we've seen a little bit of that is in Georgia. But even in Georgia, they postponed 8% of work where they normally do about 1%. And I would underline postpone, they don't go away with it, they just said, hey, we're going to wait and see what happens with inflation. And so those jobs don't go away. But most states -- that's more of the exception of the rule. Most states are pushing work through despite inflationary costs, for example, I think, Texas and Arizona DOTs have been real clear about that they're going ahead with their scheduled programs. And you have to remember that the DOT funds are extremely high levels right now, and that's prior to the big increase in federal funds. You've got gas tax revenues at insanely high levels. You got extra COVID funds. So at this point, the DOTs have been aggressively bidding their work since February, March. And we're seeing that in our bookings and backlogs as we talked about. So I actually don't think it's a big issue for most of the DOTs.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Chris Kalata: It's actually Chris Kalata on for Mike. Just going back to the Mexican quarry disruptions. I was hoping you could help flesh out more detail how you plan to backfill those lost shipments. I mean, is there an opportunity to potentially backfill that through M&A, still plan to utilize the ships you've made over the years? And how do you plan to address the disruptions and continue to serve those Gulf markets?
Tom Hill: Yes. At this point, that's not in our guidance. In fact, that's -- well, we took the $80 million to $100 million hit. We're not backfilling those tons. You'd say, well, can't you just rail down there? The fact of the matter is we can't get the rail service for our normal business increases that we normally use. So at this point, we don't have that in our plan.
Chris Kalata: Understood. And if I can just follow-up. Is there any sort of contingency plan in place if you were to primarily lose access to that part?
Tom Hill: To be seen. I don't see at this point because of the lack of rail service. But we'll -- as we -- as time goes on, we'll keep you updated.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Feniger with Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: You're hosting Investor Day in September, I mean, provider framework was in 2019. So now you're seeing strong cost control, higher pricing, that is likely to stick as diesel costs peak. So would that not lead to a higher cash gross profit per ton long term? Just trying to assess as we go forward now the incremental margin, operating margins that you kind of see in 2023 and going forward based on how pricing is going to exit this year and the costs have likely peaked?
Tom Hill: Now, you're going to steal my thunder for my Investor Day. Yes, you pointed out. Look, as we said in the prepared remarks, we're at $7.99 per ton. So -- and our long range have been $9. So we're rapidly approaching that. Obviously, this is a continuous improvement journey. And so we'll hope to give you some -- you guys some new goals and a path to those goals as we talk in September, and I think we'll have a full morning of that at the end of September.
Operator: Our next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Tom, in responding to an earlier question, you talked about a number of factors that were influencing volume. And one of those you mentioned was just cement tightness. So I'm just wondering if there's a way to talk about the extent to which cement availability or lack thereof may be adversely impacting your aggregates business, not just this quarter, but heading out through the next 5 or 6 quarters. And then if I may, just you talked about the book business and the inflection you've seen there in the last 90 days. What's your expectation in terms of the timing of that becoming visible in the revenues?
Tom Hill: Yes. So the cement issue -- for aggregates volumes, it's not as big a deal as the Mexico or the rail. It's a little bit here, a little bit there. I'm not sure that if you have the cement, you'd have the trucks to deliver the aggregates or the trucks deliver the concrete itself. But you kind of -- that's why I kind of put it with the cement and the trucking. So it is there. I don't see it as a big headwind. And I think there would be other governors that would take over if all the cement was there. As far as -- and I think -- what was the second part of your question about margin expansion?
David MacGregor: Well, just on the cement, I guess, if I could delve on that for a moment, but my concern was more with respect to 2023 as volume ramps, and it seems like cement capacity is constrained and the extent to which that might inflect. I'm not so much interested in this quarter, more thinking about how you're thinking about the next 6 quarters. And then -- sorry, go ahead.
Tom Hill: My answer applied to the balance of this year, I didn't really get into '23, but that was a little bit of a governor advance for this year, but I don't think it's one of the major ones.
David MacGregor: Okay. And then the second part was just the business that you see booked over the last 90 days, that inflection. What's your best estimate in terms of the timing of that becoming visible revenues for you?
Tom Hill: Well, I think it became visible in May. It became more visible where unit margins were up 2% in June. They went up 5%. We're predicting them go up high single digits in the second half. So I think we're here and we're in the middle of it, and it's growing rapidly.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Tom, I wanted to ask about -- you talked about this demand rotation. When do you think that the percentage of revenue from infrastructure could increase materially?
Tom Hill: I think you see it ramping up in the second half of this year, and then it ramps up some more in '23 and a lot more in '24. So you've got -- I mean, what's really impacting this year is not the federal fund increase, and federal funds, it is gas tax and COVID funds. That probably is the majority of the ramp-up in the first half of '23, and then you've got the big jump in federal funds, I think, hitting second half in '23 and '24.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Maybe for Suzanne or Mary. You highlighted the capital spending outlook this year. So if it's going to accelerate second half versus first half, given what you've released. Maybe a little bit of where that's spending the growth? And is there growth projects without giving out budgets for next year that could be multiyear ahead given some of the delays from COVID? And is there a target on the 2x to 2.5x level on the net debt ratio, but given the spending and with deposit cash flow you're generating, that more capital allocation to shareholders could be bought for? Is that something maybe we save for the September Investor Day?
Suzanne Wood: Yes, sure. As Mary Andrews has indicated, the CapEx outlook for this year remains at $600 million to $650 million. We've talked about this before. That's a little higher than what it has been in the last couple of years just because we had various things impacting that, namely the pandemic, and most recently, the supply chain has made it difficult to take in some of that equipment that we had planned to be delivered last year. So this year is a little bit higher. Probably 2/3 or so of that is directed towards what we refer to as operating CapEx. That's the first pillar of our capital allocation strategy because it's important that we maintain the value of the valuable franchise we have. And therefore, it's super important that we keep our equipment in very good working order. And certainly, as you look forward, potentially volatile times from a macro perspective, it's important that your equipment remain in good shape and good utility because that gives you the ability if you needed to reduce CapEx going forward for a few years. So we're comfortable with where we are on CapEx. With respect to growth, certainly, we have invested in a number of sales yards over the years in certain markets that act as virtual quarries for us and help us distribute aggregates to customers. We also have a number of greenfield projects, which we do a number of those if we have a growth quarter in which there isn't a company that we're interested in from an M&A perspective. Some of those more recent greenfield sites have been California, Georgia, Texas and South Carolina. So we're comfortable with the level of spending. We think it's appropriate for the size of our business now and puts us in good shape going forward. With respect to the leverage target, it was important for us following the U.S. Concrete acquisition to get ourselves back within the range. So we were pleased to get to the top end of that range at 2.5x. And having gotten within that range, I think that we will continue down the path of it's important to stay within the range with what we have in front of us. I think we are well able to do that. And the capital allocation priorities have been in place for a long time. They have put us in good shape. Our return on investment has increased 40 or 50 basis points over the last 2 or 3 years. And so we will continue to follow those capital allocation priorities.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Collin Verron: This is actually Collin on for Phil. I just wanted to touch on aggregates pricing. You guys are implementing the midyear price increases. You talked about increasing bid work pricing. And even one of your large competitors talked about targeted 4Q price increases. So just given these dynamics, can you talk about how you're thinking about the magnitude of sequential price improvement in Q3 and Q4? And help us think about the magnitude of carryover pricing that you would expect in 2023?
Tom Hill: Yes. So in the quarter, as we said, it was up 9%, 10% of mix adjusted. I think it's important to your point to note the cadence of pricing within the quarter. So April was up 7%, May was up 9%, June was up 10% and we'll continue to see that sequential pricing as we progress through the second half. To your point, it's supported by widespread July price increases, you've got bid work continue to go up, you're replacing old work with higher price bid work. And so I think if you look at the second half, we're probably in 12% or 13% -- for the total second half, 6 months, we're probably in the 12% to 13% range. And as you pointed out, we ended the quarter at 10%, so that will continue to step up as we go through the year. And to your point, that will also set us up really well for 2023 as most of the work that we bid in the third and fourth quarter will ship next year. So we'll go into it with significantly higher prices as we start the year, so a big advantage to us to kick off 2023 with much higher pricing.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jean Ramirez with D.A. Davidson.
Jean Ramirez: This is Jean Ramirez for Brent Thielman. My first question is, to what extent are cement outages and allocations impacting your volumes and ready-mix? Should that innovate in the second half?
Tom Hill: So I would tell you minor, a little bit here and there kind of some peak times. It's not just cement, it's also trucking for aggregates. It's also ready-mix truck operators. So there's a whole bunch of things that plays into that. So that is a piece of it, but I'd say it all kind of just blends together. So it's more peak time kind of end of the week, but it's -- so it's a little bit, but there's a lot of other factors besides just cement.
Jean Ramirez: Great. And if you don't mind, just a quick follow-up. Given the impact of the Mexico operations, are there any plans today to try and alternatively serve those markets that rely on that product?
Tom Hill: Not at this point, and that's really driven by lack of rail service.
Operator: At this time, I am showing no further questions. I'll now turn the program back over to Tom for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you all for your interest and your time for Vulcan Materials this morning. We appreciate it very much. We hope that you and your families remain safe and healthy, and we really look forward to seeing you at the end of September for our Investor Day in New York. Thank you and have a great day.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Chelsea, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now, I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our Web site, vulcanmaterials.com. A recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our Web site. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. As the operator indicated, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
James Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. As always, we appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials, and I hope that you and your families had a safe and healthy start to the year. Our teams executed well in the first quarter. They remained focused on capitalizing on pricing opportunities, and mitigating cost pressures. Their efforts have and will continue to result in the expansion of our unit margins. Our strategic disciplines are helping us to both take advantage of tailwinds and dampen headwinds in a very dynamic environment. We delivered solid results in the first quarter. We generated $294 million of adjusted EBITDA, a 20% increase over the prior year, despite accelerating inflation, continuing volatility in energy markets, and ongoing disruptions in supply chains. This quarter again demonstrates the resiliency of our Aggregates business and our team's strong execution of our strategic disciplines. Over the trailing 12 months, we have delivered 10% adjusted EBITDA growth in spite of $131 million of higher energy-related cost. On a trailing 12 months, Aggregates' cash gross profit per ton has improved for 15 consecutive quarters absent the impact of selling-acquired inventory. In all business segments, the pricing environment is strong due to growing demand and ongoing inflation. Momentum continued with year-over-year growth in Aggregates' mix adjusted price increases sequentially for the fifth straight quarter. Our combined commercial and operational execution contributed to higher cash gross profit in both Aggregates and total non-Aggregate segments. In the downstream businesses, volume, price, and material margins improved in both product lines. Turning now to the segments, Aggregates' gross profit improved 9% to $243 million, or $4.58 per ton. Demand is healthy across our footprint, and volume improved 14% or 7% on same-store basis. Shipments were in line with expectations since the prior year's quarter was negatively impacted by the big February freeze. As anticipated, Aggregates' pricing showed strong momentum in the first quarter with freight adjusted pricing increasing 6% over the prior year's first quarter. Mix adjusted pricing improved 7%. We expect to see continuous strength in pricing throughout year, and are confident about midyear price increases that will be particularly impactful to 2023. As expected, our costs were elevated in the quarter on a year-over-year basis since the inflationary impacts did not begin in earnest until the second quarter last year. Over the trailing 12 months of continuously rising diesel and other inflationary impacts, our freight adjusted unit cash cost of sales has increased by 5%. In a challenging macro environment, this is a job well done, and I commend our operators for their hard work and for keeping each other safe and for delivering these results. In the first quarter, cash gross profit was $6.53 per ton. Excluding the impact of selling acquired inventory and higher diesel cost, cash gross profit was $6.90 per ton, a 5% improvement over the prior year. Asphalt, cash gross profit of $6 million was in line with the prior year. Pricing actions initiated last year to offset rising liquid asphalt input cost positively impacted the first quarter results. Average selling prices increased 13% versus last year, and helped to improve unit material's margins. The average price of liquid asphalt was over 30% higher than prior year, a $14 million headwind to our first quarter results. While we expect liquid asphalt prices to continue to rise, we are encouraged by the significant sequential improvement that we have seen in pricing over the last couple of quarters. And we remain focused on improving our gross profit margin in asphalt. Concrete cash gross profit grew from $12 million to $49 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by the addition of U.S. Concrete. Volume, price, and material margins all improved as higher selling prices offset higher material cost, including internally supplied Aggregates. Now, let's shift to the demand environment, which remains positive. Private demand is expected to grow in 2022 across all major categories, both single and multi-family housing, and both heavy and more traditional non-residential. Public demand is improving. And as funding is put in place from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, future growth is expected in both highways and other infrastructure. After double-digit growth in 2021, the residential end usage is expected to grow but at a more modest rate in 2022. Demand remains strong and [starts] [Ph] are still positive. However, [with a mountful] [Ph] of factors such as supply chain issues, rising interest rates, and labor constraints. With the continued demand for additional housing, multi-family demand is accelerating. Private non-residential demand has returned to growth in 2022. While demand will continue to be influenced by Aggregates' intensive warehouse and distribution projects, other private segments like office, manufacturing and industrial are now contributing to the sustainable growth in this end market. On the trailing 12-month basis, square footage for total non-residential starts has grown through the last seven months, and is now back to pre-COVID levels. Other external leading indicators like ABI and the Dodge Momentum Index also point towards growth of 2022. On the public side, demand growth is expected in both highways and other infrastructure. The timing of the impact of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act would depend upon the pace which states allocate additional funds and the time horizon needed to move from design to letting to construction. As we previously communicated, we anticipate the majority of the impact to be realized in 2023 and beyond. We are well-positioned in attractive markets and are poised to benefit greatly from legislation for years to come. With the solid demand backdrop and positive pricing environment, we remain confident in delivering significant earnings improvement in 2022. We are focused on leveraging our strategic disciplines to control what we can control, and to diminish the impacts of things outside of our control. I will now turn the call over to Suzanne for further comments. Suzanne?
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everyone. The macro challenges of the last 24 months have been well-documented and discussed. We continue to confront these challenges from a position of strength, led by our resilient Aggregates business. Our commercial and operational executions are sound, and supported by our strategic disciplines. Our balance sheet is strong. These factors combine to form our positive 2022 outlook. As Tom already highlighted, our strategic disciplines help us to take advantage of tailwinds and dampen the impact of headwinds. We've done that over the last eight quarters, delivering a 4% compound annual growth rate in our trailing 12-months cash unit margins in the face of a number of challenges. The current pricing environment provides tremendous support for both our near-term and longer term results, and we will continue to leverage best practices, and the collective knowledge of our talented teams to manage our overall costs. This is evident in our SAG cost, which, as a percentage of total revenues declined 60 basis points versus the prior year's quarter. We continue to make progress on the integration of U.S. Concrete to further leverage our cost. Now, with respect to the balance sheet, we took steps in the quarter to improve its structure. We extended the maturity of our $1.1 billion term loan to August, 2026. The loan can be repaid in full, or in part, at any time with no penalty. Simultaneously, we also extended the maturity of our revolving credit facility to September, 2026. Our net leverage is 2.6 times. That's just above the top-end of our target range of two to 2.5 times. Given our ability to generate strong cash flows, there is capacity to invest in other opportunities, whether organic or inorganic. Having said that, we do expect to move back within the target range by year-end. As always, we will remain disciplined as allocate capital, with a view to improving shareholder returns and maintaining financial flexibility, and our investment grade ratings. We also remain focused on improving our return on investment. On a trailing 12-months basis, our ROIC at quarter-end was 14%. And our adjusted EBITDA over the same time horizon has improved by 10%. And we expect continued growth in 2022. In February, we communicated expectations for 2022 of delivering adjusted EBITDA between $1.72 billion and $1.82 billion. We reiterate this guidance. We expect the favorable pricing dynamics and our strong execution to lead to attractive growth in Aggregates unit profitability, as well as improvement in our downstream businesses. Our expectation of investing between $600 million and $650 million in capital expenditures remains unchanged. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
James Hill: Thank you, Suzanne. In closing, I would like to remind you of three things our teams remain clearly focused on in order to deliver value for all of our stakeholders; one, executing at the local level; two, driving unit margin expansion by focusing on our strategic disciplines; and three, maximizing synergies from recent acquisitions. Our people are what makes Vulcan better every day. And I appreciate the hard work of our entire Vulcan team. I am excited about what we will accomplish in 2022 and for years to come. And now, Suzanne, I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning, Tom and Suzanne. How are you?
James Hill: Good morning, Trey. Good.
Suzanne Wood: Hey, good morning.
Trey Grooms: Great. Tom, first off, I know you talked a little bit about the pricing environment, and then -- clearly strong, and you have an expectation for price momentum to step up in '22. And I guess if you kind of go back to what you said in February, I think the guidance called for 6% to 8% increase this year in price versus last year -- excuse me, which came in, I think closer to 3%. So, and you put 6% -- you put up 6% in the quarter, so clearly some nice acceleration there. But can you talk about the price momentum you are seeing today, you know, expecting through the year? And how are you thinking about midyear increases relative to maybe where you were a few months ago?
James Hill: Sure. I thought the performance in the first quarter was a really good start for the year. As you say, we reported six. Mix adjusted, we were seven. If you remember, in February, we predicted it to start off higher than -- at the low-end of the range, but higher than the fourth quarter last year. And then, we grow it sequentially as we march through the year. That combination of visibility to demand and coming demand, we coupled that with inflation, it's just a good catalyst for price growth. All of our January and April increases are now in place. At this point, I feel very confident about midyear price increases across the vast majority of our work. Now, remember, midyear price increases will have some positive impact on 2022, but because of the delay in our work and our jobs, it's really more of a '23 play. And it sets us up really good for next year. So, off to a really good start. I think we progress and continue to accelerate price as we go through the year, and we're already starting to set ourselves up for 2023. So, as you said a really good pricing environment.
Suzanne Wood: And Trey, I will just add one thing just to remind everyone. When we are talking about pricing and guidance, we all price in the industry a little bit differently and talk about it a little bit differently. So, as a reminder, our pricing that we quote to you is freight adjusted, meaning that it's FOB the quarry. And therefore, it excludes transportation to long haul market. So, in times of inflation and volatility, that can make a big difference in the top line price that's quoted. But what's really important here -- and I am sure we will come on to talk about unit margins later, is how much of that price you are really able to take to the bottom line.
Trey Grooms: Perfect. Thank you for that. And I am going to stick with the one question, but I do go to take my hats off to on the profit per ton as well that could work on that side as well. Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Trey.
James Hill: Thanks, Trey.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Hey, good morning everyone. Thank you for the question. And -- 
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Stanley Elliott: -- it actually was a nice segue for me. Hey, Tom, I was curious if you could talk a little bit more about the execution, controlling cost, and freight-adjusted cost up 11%, doing a really nice job on the unit margins, but would love to hear you guys talk a little bit more about what's happening behind the scenes?
James Hill: Sure. As we talked about, our Aggregates business, we believe will beat inflation. While we continue do a good job on price, I think our operators have really improved efficiencies to help offset inflation and offset this huge $59 million 12 months spike we've experienced in diesel and Aggregates. And I think they are doing it all the time, making sure they service our customers, and keeps you safe. So, if you kind of look back over the last 12 months, we have held cost to 5% in the face of inflation and massive spikes in fuel and energy. I would tell you, I think that has been an excellent job from our operators, and I appreciate the job they're doing, and as always they do it keeping our folks healthy and safe. And to me, what this demonstrates throughout the whole Aggregates business is that we are executing on our four strategic disciplines, and they're making a difference of, you know, obviously controlling, we are controlled but also offsetting other outside pressures that maybe we had not expected when we started this journey.
Stanley Elliott: Thanks, everybody. Best of luck.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning everyone.
James Hill: Good morning, Jerry.
Suzanne Wood: Hey, good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just talk about the magnitude of inflation that you folks are seeing on labor and other inputs, and what do you expect the cadence of that to look like? In other words, when do we hit an easier comp from that standpoint? And I'm assuming the price realization is going to dovetail nicely with that cadence, but maybe I can get you to expand on price cost, if you don't mind.
James Hill: Sure, I'd be glad to. Like everybody else it's everywhere. To call our labor probably bit single-digit, you know, parts are up, hard to get parts, steel is up, rubber is up, everything is there. The headline has to be in fuel, and in energy. If you just look at diesel, we predicted -- I would say, let's look at diesel and asphalt, what we said last quarter was probably a $50 million headwind in the first-half of the year, that's probably going to be 50% higher at this point. We said it probably gets easier in comps in Q3 and 4, and we would probably -- just comp over that, at this point, we still predict those now to be up in Q3 and 4. So, it's tough. It is there. It's real, but as you pointed out, I think we will offset that with price, and we continue to improve our unit margins, which is our job. And I think that if you looked at our guidance, I think both Suzanne and I have confidence that we hit that guidance, and I think the first quarter was evidence of that.
Jerry Revich: Okay, thank you.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Kathryn Thompson with The Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my questions today.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: So, you have a good volume outlook, and are seeing some areas that have not seen signs of life, including office, and you get to see the real momentum on a state level from public spending, and I guess there's backdrop there, you know, continue to be some supply chain [snappers] [Ph], and your tight increment across the U.S. We are hearing a few concerns about availability of certain types of rock hitting into the peak construction pieces. How are -- first, from your perspective, how is the supply chain journey for you as you manage through business now? And then, how you see it going forward for the remainder of '22 and really into '23 too? Thank you.
James Hill: Yes, so, for us, I mean its impact is a little bit, maybe little on efficiencies, with parts for mobile equipment. Hopefully, that's improved, but we saw that for the first time in the first quarter. For our customers, I think it's a little bit different story. I thought -- you know, obviously the first quarter was strong, but remember, we are comping over pretty easy comp with the big freeze in February last year. So, again, it's just Q1 easy comp. The fundamentals in demand I think are really at good place, and price is good as we've seen in a long time, with all foreign uses should have shipments up in 2022. That said, as you pointed out, we have got labor and supply chain issues. Labor will affect our customers just getting -- catching up more than getting it done, but also hurts us in transportation, it hurts the rail transportation, at any peak day with excellent weather you just don't have enough flex to deliver it peak demand, and so it kind of -- it spreads it out. So, as you pointed out, supply chain is just slowing some work. I think while that being said, and the good news is that work is not cancelling; we are not seeing any jobs go away. And so, it's -- while the demand is there, it's not going to waste, it's pushing it to the right and extending the FICO, that's not at all bad. So, if we see some of these pressure ease, I think there is potential for more sooner, but we haven't seen that easing yet as we go into the season.
Kathryn Thompson: Thank you very much.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Keith Hughes with Chouest Securities.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. [Indiscernible] particularly asphalt, given some of the inflation seeing in that sector with the flat year-over-year performance. I guess my question is next quarter or two, is there some recent inflation you're going to lag, just kind of put some pressure or do you think you are on the right side of cost now?
James Hill: I think Q2 we will see some pressure as we pointed out, because it's still a harder comp. We haven't seen the big jump in -- you start to see the inflation last year in Q2, but not the big jump in diesel and liquid. So, Q2 has tougher comps. It kind of -- in all product lines, driven by energy. From a specific asphalt perspective, I was very pleased with the jump we saw in prices up 13%, remember that we said in our guidance for asphalt that we see gross profit grow driven by second-half volumes in second-half, the modern growth. I think that in the quarter we saw liquid go up 130 bucks, or $14 million, and the fact that we were able to offset it with price is a really good omen looking forward to the rest of the year. I think we caught it, and I think as we progress through the year we start growing those unit margins in asphalt.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Oh, hi, thanks, and congrats on the quarter. I was just wondering if you can go to a little bit more detail just on the volume, growth expectations for the rest of the year, clearly Q1 up against a fairly easy comparison, but anything which consider as the demand environment continues to improve for you?
James Hill: Yes. Again, we will stick to our guidance, with five to seven kind of on volume growth that's two to four same-store, again, a great start, again, easy comp, easy -- small quarter. I would call out this, I would stick to that guidance, and at this point until I see someone ease, you know, as we heard earlier you've got labor issues, you got supply chain issues, you could have demand issues, being tied, I don't think it dampens volumes that much, but you know, I don't see that easing at this point. So, I would stick with our volume, original growth until we see more.
Suzanne Wood: And I think like we said last quarter, I mean if there is you know, an easing, then we stand ready to benefit from that.
Garik Shmois: Yes, understood. Thank you.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everyone. Congratulations on the great quarter.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
David MacGregor: And pretty impressive -- 
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
David MacGregor: -- impressive results. I guess I wanted to ask about the EBITDA guidance range, the 172-182, and that's not changing, but obviously a lot within that is changing, and just responding to Garik's question, you just talked about volume growth, where you were in terms of beginning of your assumptions, and clearly, pricing is going to be a lot better. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about that cash cost inflation in that mid single-digit number you gave us back in February?
James Hill: Yes. So, I think that -- I think as I look at the year and just puts and takes to the year after one quarter, and it's just the first quarter, I would say that's probably upside, maybe to the high-end of our pricing guidance, maybe upside on volume, although we haven't seen it yet, I think we will have challenges, we knew we were going to have challenges on diesel, we got bigger challenges there than we had anticipated. We knew we were going to have challenges on liquid asphalt; again, that has climbed more than we thought it would, and it will continue to climb. So, we put all that together, I would tell you that I have good confidence in our guidance. It would need to see little bit more before I would be willing to adjust it.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thank you very much.
James Hill: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Congrats on a really strong quarter.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Philip Ng: John and Suzanne, is there a good way to think about the midyear increase from a contribution standpoint, and if demand remains pretty good, do you see this being more of the knock norm, and appreciating that, you know, the full impact is really more of a 2023 event. Can you get closer to like double-digit pricing from an increase standpoint in the back-half of this year? Sorry, a lot of impact there.
James Hill: No, that's okay. I think that if you step back and just look at the Aggregates business, one of the really attractive attributes of Aggregates is its pricing and elasticity. And from Vulcan's perspective, it's ability to compound unit margins over time. That is specifically why we are in the Aggregates business, that's why we are leading that business, that's why 90% of our gross profit is in Aggregates. Today the environment for price growth is excellent, and it's really driven by the intersection of inflation, current demand, and visibility to growing demand. You've seen us sequentially grow price over the last five quarters, and I'm confident we will continue that trend. So, we started off at six or seven, depending on how you call the price in the quarter, and I think each quarter will continue to grow that as we progress forward. At this point I would hope we will be at the higher end of that guidance, at this point. Now, if you really want to be good at this business, you got to take that price to the bottom line, which is why we work so hard on those strategic disciplines, and why it's not just about price, it's also about cost control and operating efficiencies. And so, the combination of those two at this point, you know, even in the face of what we face with inflation, I think our troops are doing an excellent job both in servicing our customers, earning price, but also operating in the most efficient manner possible under some pretty tough circumstances.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, Phil, and I think you see that, you know, when you look at the guidance we called out at the beginning of the year if you look at that cash gross profit per ton, and the guidance range is that we've given call for that to go up, you know, high single-digits year-over-year. And I would say at any time, that's a good performance to be able to drive that to that level, but taking into consideration, all of the energy headwinds we've talked about and the inflation, despite the opportunity for some price increases, that's a performance I would really be proud of.
Philip Ng: For sure, I mean given all the inflation you saw improving in 1Q is pretty promising. Appreciate the color.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, sure.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Mark, Suzanne, and Tom.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
James Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Tom, if you could share your thoughts on how the U.S. Concrete integration is going relative to plan? And one of the puts and takes you've seen over the first several months of having [indiscernible] family? And is the New York kind of like northeast market, we hear about a lot of civil, lot of work coming through various agencies, are you seeing some of that through this year and going out into the next quarter?
James Hill: Yes, we are. New York I think, two things happening to New York, the public demand is growing and there are some very big projects that are in the works. And now we are starting to see non-res up there starting to pop. So, good news is that market. If you step back and look at U.S. Concrete, at this point, we're functioning as one business. That's combined field teams, operating as one team, you heard me say last quarter the timing is turning out to be excellent for two reasons, as we talked about non-residential demand, which is so important to Concrete is in growth mode, and there is a lot of work coming in non across our footprint. And in pricing, in all product lines, as we talked about is really jumping in 2022. So, it sets us up really well for that acquisition to create even more value for our shareholders.
Michael Dudas: Thank you.
James Hill: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi, good morning, guys.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just one clarification on the price income comments and we've been talking a lot about the mid years, but is your reiterated guidance includes the upside from mid-years at the high-end, or I think last quarter you characterized it as not including mid years and if so, just wanted to understand if that changed, given the elevated diesel in liquid asphalt headwind that you are now breaking in. And then secondly, on the downstream side, you've given us some guidance for gross profit last quarter and a change to how we should be thinking about those business lines?
James Hill: Yes, so the pricing I would point out would still be in that six to eight, we're probably on the high end of it, and you got to remember that mid-year price increases will hit some of it in May, some of June, some of July. But because the lag in our business, you'll get some benefit in '22. But it really sets you up that we're most of that work is going to hit in '23. So it's -- well, you'll see some benefit and pushes I would say to the high end of that range. The big benefit is going to hit in '23. And that's great. I think from a downstream perspective, we would tell you it's the same, a no change and guidance. Again, what we said was 300 to 325 cash gross profit in the downstream, while we've seen inflationary pressures in both products, both concrete and asphalt. We're also seeing price and I would stick with our guidance and continue to grow our unit margins in volume, particularly second half loaded.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Just following up I mean with the pricing now at the high-end, or what you started, so where you exited. I mean, what kind of incremental should we be thinking about for next year if you're looking at a 10% to 12% pricing in 2023, should this basically just cash gross profit per ton, which is growing high single-digit, how much is that accelerating should we thinking about in 2023? And really think about those incrementals around that, that business?
James Hill: Yes. Well, too early to call pricing and 2023. Again, it's nice set up with medium price increases. And I would always point you in aggregates to 6% incremental same store and I would 60%, same store and inflation puts pressure on that particularly spikes in diesel. But if you look at over the long-term, that's where I would guide you that 60%.
Michael Feniger: Okay. And can gross margin and asphalt rate mix, can that get back to 2020 levels next year? I know you're assuming that there's improved in the second half of this year. So with next year, if we get some moderation or just stabilization on these price increases, can we see those margins come back? Or do you think there's something structural that, that keeps those margins in those in the downstream businesses from getting back to those levels?
James Hill: I'll remind you that 2020 was special for asphalt because of the shortfall in liquid prices. And so, it was probably an outlier, whereas '21 was also an outlier. The other way with a spike in liquid is somewhere in between those two and I think we get back to normal -- more normalized. I don't think there's anything structurally change in asphalt. I think you just saw huge swings in liquid, which is abnormal, but we'll get back to more normalized margins in asphalt and I think we were on our path there with what you saw in the first quarter.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, I want to just add here, I mean, it's look we had a really good first quarter and we're really excited about that our people worked very hard to deliver that and we're very appreciative to them for their efforts. And I think we certainly saw good performance in price. We said we're confident in mid-year price increases and so while those are great to talk about I just want to caution people, let's not forget that there's a bit of another side to that equation. We've seen cost pressures, Tom talked about those in terms of energy and other inflation. So, when we reiterated our EBITDA guidance, we're really trying to take into effect that both of those items.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning, guys.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: Just a quick one on residential, Tom, you said that -- I think you said residential decelerating growth this year. What are you hearing from some of your major home building clients? Then maybe you can even kind of do a geographic walk for us? Thanks.
James Hill: Yes. The geographic walk is pretty easy. It's widespread. It's everywhere for residential. The housing market is just tight. Every market we operate in maybe the exception of Illinois, but every play. Even that one is not -- still got some tightness to it, but you can't find houses. I think residential demand continues to operate at a very high level. You still have supply chain issues. Again, demand is very good. Obviously, we'll see growth in 2022. I just don't think it's the white hot level that we saw in '21 in single family. Now multi-family permits and starts were up double digit. So, it's really heating up. Overall, res continues in -- both single family and multi-family operates at a very high level and continues to be good. And I don't think it's slowing down. I think the growth rate may have slowed a little bit. But, it would have been tough to keep up with that rate we saw in '21.
Suzanne Wood: We are still in high levels.
James Hill: So growth is maybe not is not at the level of growth that we saw in '21, but really good news.
Adam Thalhimer: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Hi, thank you, and good morning. Hey, Tom, there has been some discussion about delays in certain infrastructure projects just because the cost sort of advanced beyond the original estimates, have to go back and kind of re-bid it. Is that something you have seen become more pervasive across your markets? And any sense if that's had any effect at all in terms of slowing some of the good momentum, and I think that piece of your business should otherwise be doing?
James Hill: I don't think -- I don't know that I have experienced the delays from inflation. I think when it comes to non-highway infrastructure we should see growth in 2022. Starts in the last three months were up 16%. New subdivision work helps this segment. And I think it's -- we are well-positioned for some really big jobs that are coming in that sector. And everything from lot repairs to airports to wind, farm work, and rail [indiscernible], I think it continues to grow in '22 and '23.
Brent Thielman: Okay, thank you.
James Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Chris Kalata: Hi, it's actually Chris Kalata for Mike. Thanks for taking my question. I understand that you guys still feel comfortable with your prior volume outlook. But, I just want to get a sense of the flexibility around that again in terms of supply chain pressures and limiting factor that is on your outlook. Have supply chains improved at all this quarter? And, what's your outlook there for the remainder of the year?
James Hill: No, I would say the supply chain is still tight. I haven't seen any improvement. Labor is still tight. It doesn't impact to as much in Q1 because the volumes aren't at a high level they are in Q2 and Q3 in the construction season. So, you are not operating at high enough level to dampen it, which is what we are going to see in Q2 - Q3. And it is supply chain from everything from windows to doors to doorknobs, to switchgear to plumbing to pipe. It's just everywhere. And in the labor piece, not only dampens the construction companies but also dampens as I talk about transportation both rail -- the railroads are operating below -- it has been struggling as everybody knows to beat demand because they cannot get crews. And then as I said, they were short on trucks in peak shipping time. Again, I don't think it does away with demand. I just think it pushes it out and probably extended the cycle, so not all bad news, although we would like to ship as much as we can every day. If we don't get to it in the next quarter, the next quarter, it will get to it the next year, so, not all bad news. Hopefully, that will ease up some as we progress through year. And again, if that happens we will take advantage of it. And we will adjust and we will communicate to you. But, right now we just don't see it.
Chris Kalata: Understood. Appreciate the color.
James Hill: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's question-and-answer portion. It is now my pleasure to turn the call back over to Mr. Tom Hill for any closing remarks.
James Hill: Thank you, Operator. Listen, I thank all of you for your interest in Vulcan Materials, and your time today. We hope that you and your families stay safe, and we look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Bye-bye.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program, and we thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vulcan Materials Company's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Catherine, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com.  A recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our website. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. [Operator Instructions]  With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
James Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company and hope that you and your families continue to be safe and healthy.  As you will have seen from the press release this morning, Suzanne has decided to retire in September to spend some well-deserved time with her family. I'll have more to say on this at the conclusion of our prepared remarks.  Now let's move to our fourth quarter performance and Suzanne will cover the full year performance later on. I want to thank our team for its strong execution during the fourth quarter. Our financial results were ahead of expectations despite ongoing challenges from inflationary pressures, particularly in energy and labor constraints. Focusing on our operating disciplines and proactive pricing actions, we once again saw expansion in our industry-leading unit profitability. At the same time, we made excellent progress on integrating U.S. Concrete into our business. This overall strong finish to the year allows us to carry considerable momentum into 2022.  We generated $383 million of adjusted EBITDA this quarter, an increase of 23% over 2021. Energy-related inflation was the most significant impact to our business with $36 million worth of higher cost, of which $17 million related to diesel fuel, while the remainder related to liquid asphalt and natural gas. Labor pressures caused higher labor costs due to overtime.  In the face of these challenges, we were able -- still able to manage our controllable costs well. Aggregates cash unit cost of sales increased less than 1% as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. This was an excellent operating performance, and I'd like to thank all of our operators and congratulate them on a job well done in 2021 and all the while delivering a world-class safety performance.  Our operating performance helped us improve Aggregates' cash gross profit per ton by 6% to $7.41. This result includes an $8 million acquisition-related impact for selling acquired material after its markup to fair value. Importantly, this progress on cash unit margin expansion represents the 14th consecutive quarter of improvement.  We achieved this by consistently executing on our 4 strategic disciplines which helped to drive volume growth, higher pricing and improved operating efficiencies. These strategic disciplines will help us take advantage of the favorable demand and pricing environment in 2022.  Total Aggregates volume, including U.S. Concrete, increased by 13% versus last year's quarter. On a same-store basis, volume was up 7%. This reflects not only continued improvement in demand across all the markets, but also favorable weather in November and December. The Aggregates pricing environment continues to strengthen across our footprint. Same-store prices were up 3.7% in the quarter as compared to the prior year and mix-adjusted prices increased by 4.2%. Year-over-year, mix-adjusted pricing sequentially improved throughout the year, having started at 1.3% in the first quarter. The pricing actions taken to date, along with better demand visibility, set the stage for a favorable pricing environment in 2022.  Asphalt gross profit was $4 million in the quarter compared to $17 million last year, as a 35% increase in liquid asphalt costs created a $17 million headwind for us. As we discussed before, liquid asphalt costs were at 3-year lows in 2020 and the significant fluctuation of these costs have made for a more difficult comp year-over-year. The good news is that our selling price for asphalt mix increased 5% from the prior year quarter. Through 2022, as pricing catches up, we will work to get back to Asphalt segment's long-term averages in terms of margins.  Concrete's gross profit grew from $9 million to $22 million in the fourth quarter. This increase was due to the acquisition, combined with higher shipments and price growth in our legacy business. Results were negatively impacted by higher diesel prices and the availability of drivers.  Before we move on to the overall demand environment, I'll comment briefly on U.S. Concrete. We continue to be excited about this acquisition and how it expands our footprint. It naturally complements our existing Aggregates business in California, Texas and Virginia, and gives us access to new platforms in the Northeast. We moved immediately following the acquisition to begin securing cost savings and synergy opportunities. As I mentioned previously, the integration is going well, and our progress accelerated during the fourth quarter with both -- from both operational and back-office standpoint.  I am pleased with how the business and management teams have blended seamlessly during the first 4 months of ownership. We remain confident in our ability to generate at least $50 million of initial synergies -- initial cost synergies on a 12-month run basis beginning midyear.  Now I'll touch briefly on the demand picture, which is increasingly positive. The key takeaway is that for the first time in many years, all 4 end uses are expected to grow. The residential end-use has continued to show growth in starts in both single-family and multifamily housing, and we expect starts to continue at these high levels. Nonresidential starts continue to strengthen over a broader range of categories, improving nonresidential demand will be positive and help drive growth in our Aggregates and our Concrete businesses.  On the public side, growth is expected in both highways and other infrastructure. The recently enacted Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act will add to existing demand as well as elongating cycle. Having said that, we do not expect it to have a significant impact in 2022. We are well positioned in the attractive growth markets we serve, and those markets are poised to benefit greatly from the legislation in coming years.  Before I turn the call over to Suzanne, I want to reiterate our confidence in our prospects for 2022, particularly with respect to demand visibility, pricing and our ability to control what we can control. We will be mindful of potential pressures from both inflationary trends and tight labor markets. We will continue to focus on our operating excellence and our strategic sourcing disciplines to help offset some of these pressures.  Now I'll turn the call over to Suzanne for further comments. Suzanne?
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everyone. While we faced some challenges in 2021, it was a year of significant accomplishments, including the completion of our acquisition. Our most notable financial achievements were the growth in our unit profitability and adjusted EBITDA. Full year Aggregates cash gross profit per ton rose by 5%, while adjusted EBITDA increased by 10%. The ability to generate numbers like this while incurring $93 million of higher energy-related costs across the segments demonstrates the strength, flexibility and resiliency of our aggregates-focused business model.  It also points to the contributions of our 4 strategic disciplines which help us make the most of any economic environment. Aggregates prices increased by 3% as compared to the prior year, and we held our cash unit cost growth to less than 2% through efficiency improvements and general cost controls. This allowed us to offset inflationary pressures and improve our unit profitability.  With respect to the balance sheet, we quickly reduced our net leverage to the top end of our target range, ending the year at 2.5x. Given our ability to generate strong cash flows, there is capacity and liquidity to invest in other opportunities, whether organic or inorganic. But as always, we will be disciplined in doing so.  Certainly, we'll continue to prioritize sensible leverage and financial flexibility in order to support our capital allocation priorities and maintain our investment-grade ratings. Our debt structure is sound with long maturities that make sense for our business. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged and have led to an improving return on investment profile. On a trailing 12-month basis, our ROIC was 14.2%. While investing in growth and overcoming inflation and the pandemic, we have improved our ROIC by 160 basis points over the past 3 years.  Now turning to our outlook. Let me make a few comments before turning the call back over to Tom. Following a strong performance in 2021, we expect 2022 to be another good year of earnings growth. In terms of our guidance, it incorporates the full year contribution of U.S. Concrete. Given the level of integration and change going on in our business, we are providing guidance on a consolidated basis.  We expect adjusted EBITDA of between $1.72 billion and $1.82 billion. The midpoint of this range represents a 22% increase over 2021. We've outlined the more detailed guidance in the press release, but let me touch on a couple of key items. First, we project a high single-digit growth in our Aggregates cash gross profit per ton, driven by an expected 6% to 8% increase in Aggregates pricing and 5% to 7% increase in shipping volume. As mentioned on the third quarter call, volumes may be affected by labor constraints, and therefore, we've tried to be thoughtful about the volume guidance range.  If labor constraints continue in 2022, it's important to remember that the work is still there. It may just proceed at a slower pace effectively extending the recovery and allowing us the opportunity to compound our unit margins. With respect to costs, they are expected to rise by mid-single digits, but we will do all we can to control what we can control.  In non-aggregates, we anticipate cash gross profit of $300 million to $325 million with approximately 75% of that coming from Concrete. Most of the improvement will be driven by a full year of earnings from the acquisition of U.S. Concrete but also from improvement in our Asphalt and legacy Concrete businesses. SAG expenses will range from $485 million to $495 million, reflecting the inclusion of U.S. Concrete and anticipated synergies as described on our last call. And finally, we expect to invest between $600 million and $650 million in capital expenditures, including growth and capacity-adding projects. This compares to $465 million invested in 2021 and includes a full year of expenditures for U.S. Concrete.  I'll turn the call back over to Tom now for closing remarks.
James Hill: Thank you, Suzanne. Before we go to Q&A, I want to comment on a supply chain issue. For 30 years, Vulcan Materials has quarried limestone near Playa del Carmen, Mexico on land that we own. We are extremely proud of our history as a good corporate citizen, and I am particularly proud of the 450 operators of that facility. They operate safely and have contributed thousands of hours in service to the surrounding communities and the environment.  Since late 2018, we have been engaged in a NAFTA arbitration with Mexico in order to secure our rights to quarry future reserves. A hearing took place in 2021 and we expect a ruling in the second half of 2022. We have continued to engage with government officials to pursue an amiable resolution of that dispute.  However, recently, Mexico has taken additional actions that adversely affected our operations in Mexico. We are focused on taking care of our customers affected by these actions and we will continue to work with the Mexican authorities to reach a mutually agreeable and beneficial solution.  Now looking at Vulcan in total. I want to again thank the entire Vulcan team for their hard work and dedication to servicing our customers. Our people are what makes Vulcan better every day. We have and will always operate Vulcan for the long term. This includes keeping our people safe and improving on our already world-class safety record. The 3 key elements of our near-term strategy that will deliver value for our shareholders are the following: one, execute at a local level; two, drive unit margin expansion by focusing on our 4 strategic disciplines; and three, maximize synergies with U.S. Concrete. I'm looking forward to working with our teams this year to accomplish our goals.  Before I close, let me comment on the leadership changes I mentioned at the beginning of my comments. Effective March 1, Darren Hicks will serve as our Chief Human Resources Officer. Our culture and our people are key to our success, and Darren brings a wealth of experience to the new role. We are confident he is the right person to continue to help drive Vulcan forward into the future.  And of course, as I said, Suzanne is planning to retire later this year. Mary Andrews Carlisle will be replacing Suzanne effective September 1. She is the ideal person to step into Suzanne's shoes, having worked closely with both Suzanne and me in the planning and execution of our strategy for a number of years now. Although we hate to see Suzanne go, we fully support her decision, and we are grateful for her commitment to ensure a smooth transition.  And now Suzanne and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Noah Merkousko with Stephens.
Noah Merkousko: Congrats on a nice finish to the year.
James Hill: Thank you.
Noah Merkousko: So Tom and Suzanne, thanks for all that detail on the guide. Could you talk about how you're thinking about the puts and takes around the cadence of how this year is expected to unfold in '22?
James Hill: Sure. I think as we look at '22, it's important, we look back because it sets the tone. As it goes to '21, I'm really proud of our people's performance really over the last 2 years. Despite -- you think about despite a pandemic, labor shortages, inflation, we were able to grow unit margins mid-single digit over the last 2 years, and that just tells me our strategic disciplines are working. Our teams turned in EBITDA growth of 10% the last year despite a $93 million in ex synergy costs. This is just a job well done. And if you look forward to '22, it's shaping up to be a really exciting year. You've got all 4 end uses should experience growth.  So the fundamentals for demand growth are really good, albeit there'll be some headwinds from labor, supply chain issues. So if those -- if the supply chain issues and labor ease up, you probably got some upside on volume but we try to be thoughtful there. So we've got to see that happen for us. Pricing momentum built through the year in '21, and we've carried that momentum into '22. I think we'll see continued disciplined cost control like we saw last year even in the face of inflation. And that discipline allows us to grow aggregate unit margins by high single digit in '22.  And so we'll see -- on top of that, I think we'll see both volume and unit margin growth in Concrete and Asphalt as we march through '22. Now remember, the fourth quarter is going to have some challenges. You still got the same energy comps you saw in Q3 and Q4 of last year. We probably have a challenge of energy of some $35 million. Weather was challenging in January, February. You had some COVID spikes that affected crews and labor in January. But I think we quickly get past that and have a really strong and exciting '22.
Operator: The next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Suzanne, best of luck. I know we so have plenty of time to hear you on these calls. But can you talk a little bit more about the confidence that you're seeing on the residential market? I mean some of the mortgage rates, some of those sorts of numbers seem to be maybe not quite as positive as we've seen. But on the put side, certainly, I think there's an argument, there's a lot of markets that are structurally underbuilt in part of your footprint. But curious, what sort of conversations you're hearing and having with some of these builders on longer-term land issues and things like that, that would give us a little more confidence even beyond '22?
James Hill: Yes. First of all -- and I would tell you, I think res, we see strong growth in '22. I think it's very widespread across almost all of our markets, maybe some weakness in Chicago, Baltimore. You've got new subdivision construction continuing, so it's very aggregate-intensive, which is great for us. Now I would tell you it's going to be a bit slower -- grow a bit slower rate than what we saw in '21, which was, as we all know, was white hot. And as you called out, that's due to supply constraints, inflation and interest rates and land. So all in all, a good slate. Now if it's -- just stepping back and look at interest rates, Freddie Mac rate for 30 years at 3.7%. That's still extremely low rates. So while not as fast as '21, it will see growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn Thompson: And Suzanne, best of luck with your new chapter.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Kathryn Thompson: Wanted to -- for guidance for '22, I just want to look backwards in order to look forward, just for some clarifications, especially with USCR in the mix. First, on the Concrete side, some puts and takes on the Concrete business and how New York and California ops were impacted by Omicron shutdowns? And what does that mean going to '22? And then on the Aggregates side, once again with guidance, bridging the delta between same-store sales volumes versus those contributed by USCR in Q4 and frame how that delta should be accounted for in '22 guidance.
James Hill: Yes. Thank you. Let's start with Aggregates. And as we look back, we finished last year really strong. Q3 was up 8%, 5% on same-store. Q4 was up 13%, 7% on the same-store. But you got to really look at those quarters to understand that. Remember, Q3 comp was comping over 2020, where we had the most severe shelter in place. So it was a pretty easy comp. And then in Q4, we saw unseasonably good weather in November and December.  Now when you turn to '22, as we said, the good news is the fundamentals are there. We're seeing growth in all 4 end uses. But you've got -- that's dampened by challenges from supply chain and labor for our customers and particularly for our carriers. Transportation may be a challenge -- is probably going to be a challenge in '22. So the guide in the volume is growth of 5 to 7. Same-store is really hard to call out because those businesses are now so integrated, so there's a lot of mixing and matching. But if I had to call that out, I'd call it 2 to 4 range.  We try to be thoughtful about that guidance because of all of the challenges we're seeing from labor and supply constraints. But if the supply chain and labor ease up, we've probably got upside to volume in Aggregates. On Concrete, if you remember, volumes were challenged in Concrete in 2021 due to -- in California and New York because they were the most severe shelter in place. And the government offices just shut down, so we got to the point where we couldn't get -- our customers couldn't get building permits.  I think that as you look forward -- and then we had challenges with diesel and efficiencies because traffic came back in. But I really like how '22 is shaping up for Concrete. Volumes should be much improved. We passed the air pocket of shelter in place in Northern California, New York. Remember, you got nonresidential demand segment has turned to growth in 2022. That's a big impact on Concrete. DFW continues to be very good. So we'll see volume growth in 2022, but we'll also start to see margin expansion as prices have moved past headwinds. You couple all of this with our California, Texas and Virginia, the Vulcan and USC businesses are function as one. I think Concrete will be a much improved business in '22.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Suzanne, congratulations.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if we could just expand on the situation in Mexico. Sorry to hear you have to go through that after all the years of safe operations there. Can you talk about what the contingency plans are for serving customers? Is it via rail from the Georgia area? And obviously, that comes at a higher cost. So I'm wondering are we able to push through the higher cost in real time as we face this disruption?
James Hill: Yes. First of all, we're not having to do that. I think let's step back and look at Mexico. It's important to note that we have all the legal rights to operate in Mexico. We have all the appropriate permits in place. We're in negotiations to come to a resolution that benefits all the parties of interest. Mexico is interested in our properties for tourism, which we believe will coexist with our existing operations. In fact, we think that continue to operate there will ultimately benefit the overall volume for tourism and we believe this will happen.  So if you kind of put it in perspective, we shipped a little over 7 million tons from -- to the U.S. from Mexico in 2021. Those tons are in our guidance, and we continue shipping from our yards and we're now back shipping from Mexico to the U.S. So look, this thing will work out. We'll be fine if you could supplement some by rail. But at this point, we're shipping and we're servicing our customers. I think if you really step back in this and the big picture for all of this stuff and the opportunity in '22 is a big opportunity we're talking about in volume and price. And so overall, it's shaping up to be a very good year. And we'll get our situation in Mexico.
Operator: We'll go now to Anthony Pettinari with Citibank.
Anthony Pettinari: Congratulations to Suzanne on the next chapter.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Anthony Pettinari: Tom, I was just wondering, in terms of infrastructure spending, if you could remind us the kind of the timing that you expect for that demand to flow through in '22 or maybe more in '23. And then in terms of the appropriations bill, which seems like it's been stalled, is the delay there -- does it have the potential to meaningfully impact the timing of that infrastructure spending and when you would see that through Aggregates sales? Just any thoughts on that.
James Hill: Yes. I think first of all, to highway demand in '22, we'll see growth there. I think it will flow through and probably ramp up as the year goes along. States are flushed with capital as tax receipts are up across the board and remember, those states still have COVID relief funds. And now that money is accelerating in lettings and bid works. So '22 demand should grow throughout the year sequentially. We don't think we'll see any of the IIJA funds in '22. Maybe a little bit at the end of the year, but it's really a '23, '24 play.  So let's step back and look at how IIJA flows. Money flows 2 ways through this. First, funds that -- which flow through regular federal programs prior to IIJA, like things like the FAST Act are fully available to states past appropriations -- once we get appropriations. Second, funds or new discretionary programs will flow later because you have to write in the active programs. This is why we say that, that funding will take the new funding, the additional funding would take time to flow through, which is why we predict we'll start to hit in '23, '24.  But I think still important to remember, 76% of IIJA funds will be distributed states via formula. So 2/3 of those formula funds will go into Vulcan states. This is a big deal and a big advantage to Vulcan-served states.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: On the pricing guidance, obviously, it seems like the increases here at the beginning of the year and throughout the first quarter are being well accepted. But if you could provide any color on how those discussions are going? And does the guidance that all rely on additional pricing beyond what you've already announced? And of course, let me throw my congratulations to Suzanne there as well.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you, Garik.
James Hill: Yes. Well, pricing, I think, is a really good story from the beginning of last year. We booked a lot of momentum, as we talked about in '21, and we've carried that into '22. Look, we said all the time, inflation and visibility to growing demand are excellent catalysts for price increases. And you saw us -- our guide to 6% to 8% price range, we have a lot of confidence in that. It's very widespread. It's through all markets.  Now included in that, we don't have second half price increases. They're not in our guidance. They are possible. There are some upside. It's way too early to call that. We'll start having discussions here in the next few months about that. And I think we'll have a lot better feel for that as we get into the second quarter.  But at this point, 6% to 8% is great. As the world goes along, the demand continues to improve. There will be opportunities for pricing. But I think we're confident in the midpoint of 7% or the range of 6% to 8% going into this, and that leads us to high single-digit margin growth with our operating abilities, and we think that's a strong showing for '22.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: I reckon that '22, you're still contending with these inflationary costs. I think you said you're embedding mid-single digits. I'm just curious if that is peaking in where diesel and liquid asphalt are today? Or any relief there? And then when we think of 2023, is there any chance that we see some relief that incrementals on the aggregate side could be in that 60% target range?
James Hill: Let's take it [indiscernible] first. I mean we were very close to just below 60% in '21. I think we'll be around -- we will guide you to 60% in '22, which is kind of where we always guide you. I think that doing that in a period where you've got is a bigger jumps in diesel cost is a heck of an operating performance. And I'm proud of that performance in '21. Confident we'll be able to do it in '22 from -- to get to the target of 60% of incrementals. As you look at the operating side of the business and cost, I would tell you, I could not be more proud of our Vulcan operators and their performance in '20 and '21 and going into '22. As always, they will make sure that our people were healthy and safe.  Then let's look at it, they just crush rock like champs. And just step back and think, our total cost of sales was only up 1.5% last year with diesel up over $40 million. And that's with all the goods and services were dramatically up. Labor was up. And that's our operations strategic discipline at work. And I'm proud of those guys, those men and women. We're carrying that momentum into '22. We're calling out maybe a little higher cost increases with mid-single digit, really driven by, as you called out fuel. But you also got labor, you've got inflation, just everything we use. But that still leads us to high single-digit unit margins. And in a period of inflation like we got, that is a very good performance.  And that's what Vulcan is built for. That's what we talk about all the time. This is who we are. We've built to dampen headwinds, like you see and take advantage of tailwinds, with the extra volume and price. And we did it in '20, we did it in '21. I have all the confidence in the world we'll -- our men and women will be able to do it in '22.
Operator: We'll go now to Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Christopher Kalata: This is actually Chris Kalata on for Mike. I was hoping to ask about kind of your thoughts on the supply chain outlook this year, obviously, it has implications on volumes and pricing. So I was wondering, you mentioned potential upside if things start to improve. Any sense you could -- any way you could help quantify the potential upside there? And to the extent supply conditions don't improve, what upside is there on the pricing as an offset, just your thoughts on how that evolves through the year?
James Hill: Yes. It is -- for us, if I'll take our operations than our customers, I think our procurement folks, and I'll call them out, they did a great job. We've had very few internally. Now getting rock to customers, it was a challenge in '21. It will be a challenge in '22. And that is from both rail and truck that is labor, and it is challenging. The railroads all have in trouble. I think they say they're going to improve, I believe them. I think it will get better, but it's still a challenge.  And then you just look at projects out there and you talk to our customers, and it's everything from switch gear to some types of pipe to door knobs to windows to plumbing parts. So it's just so widespread, and it's -- I think it's too early to call anything better than what we've seen in our guidance. I think in our guidance, we were thoughtful. Again, if things start to ease up, I think you've got opportunity there. As we look at price, I would call our cadence of price last year was a pretty sharp curve. I think that curve will be -- won't be as sharp as it is this year. I think you'll see more consistent pricing throughout the year in that 6 to 8 range kind of starting in the first quarter and working all the way through.  Again, if we have opportunities for second half prices and it's too early to call, maybe that gets -- that curve gets a little steeper. That slope gets a little steeper. We'll keep plugging at that, and we'll keep you posted.
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Suzanne, thanks for all the help through the years and Mary, congrats. I'm looking forward to working with you.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks.
Philip Ng: Tom, I guess, you kind of alluded to midyear price increases a few times on this call. I believe your -- one of your bigger competitors have actually some commentary on their pricing letters for the first time that, hey, signaling to their customers that you should probably expect one this year. So how have you guys kind of approached that? Have you started signaling to your investor -- I mean, your customers on potentially a midyear price increase for aggregates? And any color on the pricing momentum you're seeing in California? How does that kind of stack up to, I think, the 5% to 8% you guided?
James Hill: I think that, at this point, I think we guided to the 6% to 8%. I think we're -- this is February. This is the middle of February. We're just starting to have conversations with fixed plant about midyear. It's really early in the process. Same thing with bid work, way too early to call. I think I'm confident in the 6% to 8%, but we'll see what happens. I would tell you that pricing in California is consistent with the rest of our model. There's opportunity there. And our customers know the inflationary pressures we have, and they have them also.  So it's -- and they're also looking at moving their pricing. So the whole sector is going up. Again, that visibility to growing demand gives people the confidence taking this on price and then you've got the inflationary pressures, it's just a little easier conversation. But I think it's -- while we're beginning to have conversations about second half pricing, and there may be opportunity there to -- it's way too early to call.
Operator: We'll go now to Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Congrats on the strong Q4. Hey, on the asphalt side, Tom, real quickly, can you comment on the outlook for volumes in California and Arizona this year?
James Hill: Yes, good. Both of them improved. Arizona got hit last year, and it was a problem for us with volume in '21, and it was really timing on projects, and it was supply chain. We got held -- our customers got held up with, I think, some big piping and other parts for utilities that just held up projects. But I would tell you, both have opportunity for improved volume. And I think that like the rest of the product line, as we march through the year sequentially and prices go up after we get in the second half, we'll see margin growth. Now the first half is going to be challenged because you probably got a big negative comp and liquid AC of about $15 million in Q1, but we'll get past that. And as we saw prices go up in Q4, 5%, they're moving up. And as we always do, we got -- that's a delay there. It's transient, and we'll catch it.
Operator: We'll go now to Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Mark, Tom, congrats, Suzanne and a shout out to Mary and Darren as well.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. Thank you.
James Hill: Thank you.
Michael Dudas: Tom, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're seeing some growth in nonres. Maybe share some views on is light starting to catch up to the visibility on heavy? And is that something that can continue to gain strength throughout the year, given the supply chain issues? Is there any difference in supply chain issues on nonres, also maybe [indiscernible]
James Hill: A little bit. But it's -- for nonres last couple of years has been pretty volatile. We spent 2020 falling. We spent '21 recovering, and we'll see growth in '22. Heavy nonres, still strong in '22. I think we're seeing growth in traditional nonres, which as we predicted as following subdivision growth and that's coming on. That will come on in '22. And we're starting to see green shoots and high-rise projects.  And importantly, remember, nonres is very important and very good for our Concrete business. So our timing is good with that with the purchase of U.S. Concrete. It's a sector we're excited about. They too have supply chain issues. Yes, they're different from res, I think they're probably a little less challenged, but it's a volatile situation and we'll have to watch it as we go through the year.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: And Suzanne, good luck on what comes next.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
David MacGregor: I guess I wanted to -- Tom, you had talked about the fact that you don't expect the IIJA business really comes through meaningfully at least until 2023. In the meantime, in 2022, you've got all 4 of your main verticals firing here, and it's creating a 6% to 8% price environment. What happens if those 4 verticals remain strong into 2023 and then you layer in on top of that the incremental business associated with the IIJA, what gives? I mean how do you find market equilibrium here? Do prices just go parabolic or do you bring on incremental channel capacity? I realize you probably have rock-crushing capacity, but it would be more of the channel capacity, I guess. But how do I think about how that resolves into 2023?
James Hill: I think what you see is continuing compounding unit margins. I think that what we said was that the IIJA gives us a lot more security of extending the cycle. So if you were to have an air pocket in the private side, you covered up with IIJA. But I think we stick to our disciplines, and that's why those 4 strategic discipline is so important that you continue to service your customer to earn that price through the commercial efforts. We take that price in those -- and that -- to the bottom line by continuing our operations disciplines and our cost control and operating efficiencies, use the procurement to make sure we get the goods and services we need to keep those operations running in times of supply chain and labor challenges.  And then those logistics, it's tough to get -- logistics is so important these days because there's just a shortage of labor in both rail and truck and us being efficient to that is really important to maximize profitability. But you're right, it bodes well. If we believe the private side will continue, it bodes really well if that happens. But even if there's a little slippage or some happens that would challenge that, I think the magnitude of this extends the cycle and continuous growing our margins.
Operator: Next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: Congrats, Suzanne.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you, Courtney.
Courtney Yakavonis: I just wanted to follow up on some of the discussion about the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. So I think you had mentioned you think it might take a little bit longer to hit in '23 and '24. At this point, are you thinking it's a relatively even impact between the 2 years? Do you see it more weighted to '23 and then just incremental follow-through in '24? Or is it the other way around?  And then how are you thinking about it from a volume perspective versus a pricing perspective? Do you have more confidence that we'll see a significant increase in volumes? Or do you anticipate more of it coming through on the pricing side? And I think someone had asked here about hyperbolic pricing, but are we setting up for a situation where we could have 2 to 3 years of sustained double-digit pricing growth?
James Hill: Yes. So from a volume perspective and the cadence of the new funding, what we're saying is because -- and this is where I talked about the second new discretionary programs, they take time to flow through because you have to write regulations and act programs. And that just takes time. That's the reason we say, look, we'll have growth in '22 from states increase in funding, the new federal fund increase in funding will start to flow through in '23 as they enact those programs. And they start to -- then they get the lettings and then they put the job to work -- the jobs to work and we ship rock. And I would expect a ramp-up through -- maybe a little bit this year, probably doubtful, but you'll start to see a ramp-up in demand as we march through '23, '24 to '25 as those programs mature and those funds flow to work. Now with that, you've got -- embedded in that is you've got very -- you'll have very clear visibility to be a state DOTs to work that's coming. And that's growing demand. And that visibility to growing demand gives everyone confidence to take risk on jobs and take risk on price. So it will be good for both volume and price -- but I would expect for volume a gradual ramp-up, '23, '24, '25 and pricing to follow.
Operator: This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Tom Hill for any closing remarks.
James Hill: Thank you, guys, for your time today. We -- as always, we appreciate your interest in Vulcan. We hope that you keep you and your families safe and happy. Suzanne and Mary Andrews and Mark and I will be out to see you in the coming days and weeks. You guys have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks a bunch.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, your program is about to begin. [Operator Instruction] Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Emma and I will be your conference call coordinator today. During the Q&A portion of this call, we may -- we ask that you limit your participation to one question. This allows everyone who wishes the opportunity to participate. Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning. And thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. With me today, are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO, and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and the supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. A recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our website. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties.  These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the Company's earnings release, and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. As the operator indicated, please limit your Q&A participation to 1 question. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark. And thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company and hope that you and your families continue to be safe and healthy. This is our first Earnings Call since closing the U.S. Concrete acquisition in late August. Therefore, I like to begin by welcoming the former U.S. Concrete employees and customers to our Vulcan family. Also, I want to thank our team for its continued solid execution during a quarter that was challenging due to inflationary pressures and labor constraints. Despite these challenges, our team managed a controllable costs.  Moved pricing higher in all segments, and importantly, expanded our aggregates unit profitability for the 13th consecutive quarter. We generated $418 million of adjusted EBITDA this quarter, an increase of 4% as compared to last year. Profitability for the quarter, was held back by factors I mentioned earlier. Energy inflation was a significant $30 million headwind. Unit diesel prices were up over 50% leading to $14 million of additional expense. The cost of liquid Asphalt was over a $100 per ton higher than last year.  This sharp increase impacted our results by $16 million. And finally, labor constraints, especially for truck drivers, have caused delays and inefficiencies in our operations, as well as those of our customers. Even with these headwinds, we improved our aggregate cash gross profit per ton by 3% to $7.74. This was achieved through consistent execution of our 4 strategic disciplines, which helped to drive volume growth, higher pricing, and improve operating efficiencies. This strong performance and momentum it provides, sets us up well for '22, especially with respect to pricing.  Total aggregates volume, including U.S. Concrete, increased by 8% versus last year's quarter. On a same-store basis, volume was up 5%. This reflects continued improvement in demand across all end markets. The pricing environment in aggregates continues to be very positive across our footprint. Same store prices were up 3.1% of the quarter. And mix adjusted prices increased by 3.5%. We saw our early price increases gained traction and as a result, year-over-year average selling prices improved sequentially each quarter this year.  Although in place, straight pressures can create short to medium-term headwinds, the combination of inflation and improving visibility to demand has and will continue to create favorable environment for price increases. Operating efficiencies, and disciplined cost control help to offset some of the higher input costs we experienced. On a same-score basis, our aggregate's unit cost of sales in the quarter increased by only 1.7%, as compared to last year. Now, excluding the diesel effect, unit cost of sales actually decreased by 1%.  While costs will be lumpy, we have delivered comparable results for the trailing 12-month period. This solid performance in Agora's helped to more than offset reduced profitability in non-aggregate segment. Our Asphalt business was negatively affected by both higher energy costs, and wet weather. Quarterly gross profit in the segment fell from $30 million to $7 million. Higher liquid Asphalt costs accounted for $60 million, this difference. We also experienced a rise in natural gas prices, which in turn impacted our plant production costs. Asphalt volume declined by 8% as volume growth in California, was more than offset by lower Arizona volumes due to extremely wet weather.  Average selling prices improved by almost 2% year-over-year and better than 2% sequentially. Evidence that pricing actions are beginning to ease some of the liquid asphalt inflation. I would expect continued price improvement as we pass along higher cost. In the country segment, gross profit increased by 18%, reflecting our ownership of U.S. concrete for 1 month. Same-store volumes declined by 7%, due to the completion of large projects in Virginia, and the availability of drivers to make up for any loss shipping days. For the quarter, same-store prices increased by 2%. Turning now to the demand picture, the story is relatively unchanged from the second quarter.  Demand has improved across all of our major end markets, as well as geographies. The residential end use has shown continued strength with solid starts in single-family housing, multi-family starts have also performed well. With respect to the non-residential end market, improvement continues at a number of leading indicators we track. From its low point early, this year starts have consistently improve, returning to growth in recent months. The level highway stats are up, as states have moved back to more normal funding levels. With Vulcan markets outpacing other markets.  We look forward to the enactment of the bipartisan and infrastructure bill and the significant impact on volumes for years to come. Now looking forward, I want to briefly touch on our growth strategy and give a very preliminary view of 2022. As we shared on past calls, we have 3 paths to growth. These 3 are Organic growth, M&A, and Greenfields. Earnings growth in the underlying business is at the core of our growth strategy because it provides the most attractive, and compelling value proposition on a risk-adjusted basis. The benefits of this focus are clear as we expand our industry-leading unit profitability, despite the macro challenges we may face from time-to-time.  Next is M&A. We look for strategic opportunities that naturally complement our principal aggregates business. Given our leading market position, we have visibly -- we have visibility to all deals to come to the market. The key is for us to be disciplined as we consider, which deals to pursue. All opportunities are not created equal and we want to do the deals that create the most value over time. And as the final pillar to our growth strategy is development of greenfield slides.  There are times when an acquisition target is not available in a particular growth quarter. If that is the case, we turned to new Greenfield sites and we have a long successful history of developing them. During this quarter, we completed the U.S. Concrete acquisition and we're excited about the strategic fit, and how it naturally compliments our principal Aggregate business in California, Texas and Virginia. And gives us access to new platforms in New York and New Jersey. Already our teams are working together to identify strategic opportunities. As you would expect, we're taking a thoughtful approach to integration to ensure that we capture all available synergies.  It's still early days on the integration. We intend to give you a more detailed briefing in February, but we're pleased with the wins we've seen so far. We are confident in our ability to generate at least $50 million of synergies on a 12-month run basis beginning mid-year next year. When most of the integration is complete but more to come. Suzanne will cover some additional highlights of the quarter and share our latest financial view on how we expect to finish 2021. But before I turn the call over to her, I want to reiterate our confidence in our prospects for 2022, particularly with respect to pricing and our ability to control what we can control.  The 2021 demand and inflationary environment sets us up well, as we head into 2022. A key to our pricing strategy, we're starting early in the spring with announced price increases. In certain markets we launched further increases. These increases are evident in our sequential quarterly pricing growth. Already we're discussing 2022 pricing expectations with customers. Clearly, we need to see where those conversations lead. But at this stage, I would be surprised if next year price increases are not at least 5%.  The demand picture also looks good leaning into 2022, although we are watching the labor situation closely. If labor constraints do continue, it's important to remember that the work is still there. It may just proceed at a slower pace. Effectively extending the recovery, and allowing us the opportunity to compound price, control costs and still grow earnings. Now, I'll turn the call over to Suzanne for further comments.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom. And good morning to everyone. We've covered the key financial and operational highlights already, so I'd like to speak to the following topics. First, our balance sheet strength and capital allocation priorities. Second, our return on invested capital. And finally, our financial guidance for 2021. With respect to the Balance Sheet, we will continue to prioritize sensible leverage and financial flexibility in order to support our capital allocation strategy and maintain our investment-grade rating. The structure of our debt is sound, with long maturities that makes sense for our business. Due to our strong cash generation, we were able to reduce our net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio to 2.7 times following the U.S. Concrete acquisition.  This is just above our stated range of 2 to 2.5 times. And we will be focused on getting back within that range in the near term. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged and the consistent application of those, while maintaining a sensible leverage range, has allowed us to improve our return on investment over the past 3 years. For Legacy Vulcan, the return was 14.7% up 240 basis points from 3 years ago. With the inclusion of 1 month of U.S. Concrete earnings, and a 1/4 impact of the acquisition on average invested capital, our return was 14.2% We'll continue to focus on the sequential improvement of returns.  The final topic I want to share this morning is our updated view on 2021 guidance. Our guidance incorporates U.S. Concrete 's expected EBITDA contribution since acquisition, as well as recent trends in demand, price, and costs. Our adjusted EBITDA guidance range for the full year is now $1.43 billion to $1.46 billion. This includes $50 million to $60 million EBITDA from the acquisition. But excludes $115 million gain on a land sale completed in the first quarter. I'm sure there will be a number of questions on business trends and the outlook in the Q&A section. So, I'll turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thanks Suzanne. Before we're going to Q&A, I want to again, thank the entire Vulcan team, including our newest team members from U.S. Concrete, for their hard work and their dedication to serving our customers. Our people are what makes Vulcan better every day. We have and will always operate Vulcan for the long term. This means a strong emphasis on keeping our people safe and continuously improving our already strong culture.  Local execution is key to driving improvements in our business, particularly around our strategic disciplines. As we move forward, we will seek to maximize synergies with U.S. Concrete. As always, for Vulcan, we will maximize unit margin expansion, through our 4 strategic disciplines. And remember, improving financial returns is of paramount importance. And now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time. If you would like to ask a question [ Operators Instructions]. And as a reminder, we do ask that you limit your participation to 1 question to allow others opportunity to participate. We will take our first question from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott : Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for taking the question. Tom, I wonder if I could start off talking a little bit more about the pricing expectations for '22. Your very positive commentary about conversations, and then the comment about at least 5%? Thanks so much.
Tom Hill : Yes, thanks. Daily is -- as I look forward, I think this is one of the most important themes. As we've said, over the past couple of quarters, the combination of visibility to growing demand, you couple that with inflationary pressures. This all bodes really good -- bodes well for aggregate prices. And our teams recognized us wholly-owned and started trying to move price in Q2. And as we predicted, our third quarter price increases were 3.1 mix just 3.5, which was up sequentially from 2.6 in Q2 and 1.3 in Q1.  And that sequential improvement is really important because it illustrates the improving pricing environment. So, looking forward, I would expect that trend to continue in Q4. And then looking past that at 2022, I think we'll see bigger jumps in pricing in January and in April as the 2022 fixed prices go into effect. So, as we said before, based on trends, backlogs, and customer conversations, I'd be very surprised if our 2022 price increases don't eclipse 5%.
Stanley Elliott : That's pretty encouraging. Thanks, guys. Best of luck,
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: Will go next to Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc.
Tom Hill : Good morning Trey.
Trey Grooms : Good morning. And thank you everyone. And well done in the quarter, given the headwind, especially on the unit profitability. Well done.
Tom Hill : Thanks.
Trey Grooms : Tom and Suzanne, my question is looking into next year as well. You mentioned solid fundamentals, positive demand trends. But you also noted labor constraints which have obviously been a challenge for everyone. But taken all those things into consideration as you look at the geographies and the end markets that you serve, can you -- could you dive in a little bit more around how you're thinking about the volume outlook for '22 and maybe some of the key drivers there? Thanks.
Tom Hill : Let's look present and then we'll look backwards into the quarter and then we'll look forward. So, on same-store basis, volume was up north of 5%, which was strong. The vast majority of our markets experienced volume growth, which speaks to the market 's underlying growing demand and how broad based it is. We'd have a little bit of weather in Alabama, parts of Texas, Arizona really got washed out. A little bit of weather in Northern California. Now, this -- but this was more than offset with really strong shipments in the Southeast and the Eastern seaboard.  As we look to 2022, 2022 may be the first year in well over a decade where we'll see growth in all 4 end users. So, it's just broad-based. Residential construction should continue to grow, non-res, it's just very important because it continues to -- we're continuing to cope through the pandemic and moves into growth into 2022. Non-power infrastructure, we think grows following the big residential growth we've seen this year and how we demand in 2022, we'll also see growth supported by improvements in state funding and some COVID relief funds.  So, all that's really good news for '22. Demand however, as we talked about the awesome headwinds, and you got supply chain issues, labor shortages in the beginning that have some impact on shipments. Now, those headwinds don't make demand go away, they only push it out and extend -- it really extends the cycle if that happens. So, the fundamentals for volume growth in 2022 are in place with some headwinds.  And while it's kind of early in our planning stages under the conditions, I'd be surprised if we saw our growth above 4%. At the same time, that demand -- if we did have those headwinds, demand gets drawn out and extends the cycle, and with our ability to compound margins over time, that could be very helpful. So, fundamentals are really strong -- some dampening effect with supply chain and labor. But the underlying fundamentals are really good.
Trey Grooms : Understood, thanks for the [Indiscernible] there and thanks for taking my question.
Tom Hill : Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Jeff Stevenson : Hi, this is Jeff Stevenson, on for Garik. Thanks for taking my questions.
Suzanne Wood : Good morning.
Tom Hill : Sure.
Jeff Stevenson : In the press release, you mentioned that Concrete same-store sales volumes were negatively impacted by a fewer larger projects. I'm just wondering if you could provide any more color on this and how does the U.S. Concrete look from a comp standpoint? Are they running the risk of fewer larger projects unless lumpy volumes? Any more color would be helpful.
Tom Hill : Sure. The large projects we have finished up, we're in Northern Virginia, in the DC area, and it's just a little bit of a low in our in our backlog as we move into 2022. I think the underlying piece of Concrete improvement with the non-res piece. We see non-res growing in 2022. That's very important for ready-mix.  The other thing I was encouraged within the quarter on the same-store basis and also with U.S. Concrete, you're starting to see unit margin expansion. And earlier in the year, both our Concrete business and U.S. Concrete's Concrete business got dinged from diesel and combination of diesel and what I'd call traffic inefficiencies. Last year, we just didn't have any traffic on the road so we were able to deliver concrete very effectively and efficiently.  This year, not so much, and so it added some costs. While those were headwinds for '21 pricing at this point has jumped past that. It jumped past raw materials and we're seeing margin growth. So, as we move into '22 with the combined businesses, our predict, you will see volume growth really driven by non-residential construction growth, but also unit margin growth because prices have caught up in the past, cost changes from 2021. So, I'm very encouraged for our outlook in 2022 in this product line.
Jeff Stevenson : Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to [Indiscernible] Vish with Goldman Sachs.
Analyst: Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone.
Tom Hill : Good morning.
Suzanne Wood : Good morning.
Analyst: Tom, I am wondering if you'd be willing to expand on the M&A pipeline, how significant is it in terms of number of opportunities or magnitude of opportunities? And is there a time frame by which if we don't have meaningful M&A, we'd be looking to step up stock buyback. How are you Suzanne, and the Board thinking about that?
Tom Hill : Sure. So, the pipeline, as you would expect, is a lot out there. It's not all created equal and will be, as we always are disciplined about our M&A opportunities, we'll be disciplined about the markets we want to be in, what synergies are unique to Vulcan. And then we got to be disciplined on the multiple or the amount you're willing to pay. And then once you get it integrated fast and accurately -- we got question earlier, do we have capacity? Yes, I would expect us to do some the size of U.S. Concrete, but more traditional bolt-on size deals, we'd be interested in are working on a number of them.
Analyst: Perfect. Thanks.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: Go next to Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari : Good morning. I'm just wondering how the margin profile of the U.S. Concrete aggregates assets compares versus the Company average, as well as maybe same question on Concrete. And then is there a possibility or timeline for normalizing that difference, if any, if you could just talk about margin profile.
Tom Hill : So, their -- if you look at their aggregate unit margins, they're very respectable. They're probably a quarter less than ours. And so comparable, I think that they've done a good job with that. Their position in the markets are good, their structure of their markets is good, and it's very attractive. While they've done a really good job with that, I think that our -- and this is one of the important pieces of synergies, I think that our 4 strategic disciplines are very applicable to their business, to their aggregates business. We've already started on that. The teams have met and that's working.  So, I think that as we work into 2022, the same applies both from a pricing and a demand and a unit margin growth perspective look into 2022. And we think that we can help them take steps and just like they can in Concrete. Moving to ready-mixed, I think that they are operating disciplines and efficiencies are better than ours. They have some really impressive technology and where's my Concrete? The teams have already started applying that to our ready-mixed operations. And so, I think this is very helpful for both product lines that their technology and disciplines help us. Ourselves lives in aggregates and so that was one of the strengths of the deal.
Anthony Pettinari : Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis : Hi, thanks for the question, guys. If we could just maybe follow up on the comments on U.S. Concrete. I think you have laid out a $50 million run rate synergies by mid-year and next year with more details to come in February. But can you just help us understand, are you thinking about that being primarily revenue driven from additional aggregate sales or is this more going to come from some of those operational cost focus measures that you talked about. But just when we're thinking about integrating that in, help us think about that. If that's more on the top line or the cost.
Tom Hill : Yes. I think the short answer is all of the above. You put them all pretty good, but remember it's only been 70 days. That said, I'm very impressed at how fast our land leaders are putting the businesses together. The teams in California, Texas, and Virginia work together before the end of the first week when we closed and have already made more progress on market, sales, operating procurement strategies and tactics. Which will really pay off for us.
Suzanne Wood : I mean, it's still early days, as Tom said, and some of these synergies take time to develop, and realize, but as we said in the prepared remarks, we are very confident in our ability to generate at least $50 million of synergies. And that is on the 12-month run rate basis beginning midyear next year when most of the integration efforts will be complete. I think it's important to note that this $50 million that we're referring to are identifiable cost synergies and efficiency synergies. And again, I mean, we believe that there are more synergies as Tom has talked about, and we're in the process of working on those.
Tom Hill : Yeah. We will be back in February with more details, but the symbiosis between the 2 companies, from my perspective, is appearing better than we originally thought. I had -- I'll give you some concrete examples. I had the opportunity a couple of 3 weeks ago to sit down with the combined Texas team, and was really impressed and very pleased with their focused, creative, and insightful combination of business -- combined business plans, to leverage commercial opportunities so they can improve price and volume.  And their detailed plans and improving the operational execution. And we've seen the -- we're seeing the same thing with the California and Virginia teams. So, in all markets, stronger market presence, pricing, and logistics capabilities. And you've got a bit of a much better opportunity to leverage procurement opportunities. And as I said earlier, we're -- we have the ability now to use our technology and theirs to improve both the ready-mix concrete and the aggregate product lines in the -- for the for the two companies. So, it's -- for me it's just exciting to watch.
Courtney Yakavonis : Great. Thank you.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Katherine Thompson with Thompson Research.
Brian Biros: Hey, good morning. This is actually Brian Biros on for Katherine. Thank you for taking my question.
Suzanne Wood : Good morning.
Tom Hill : Sure.
Brian Biros: Morning. On aggregate it seems that you're starting good cost controls, at least on the costs you can manage yourself -- so kind of ignoring diesel there. Could you just clarify the puts and takes for cost controls in the quarter around that? Thank you.
Tom Hill : Yeah. I think this is one of the things in the quarter that I'm most proud of. It was an excellent performance by our operators. First and foremost, they kept their people safe. Cash cost was up 2.6% in the quarter. Without diesel, it was down 1%. And so, the increase was all diesel, partially offset with some efficiency savings. And year-to-date -- so this is a trend, so year-to-date that cash costs was up only 1.2%, and without diesel again, down 1%.  This is a really strong performance, because while diesel is the most dramatic change, all our inputs were up. The steel is up almost 65%. And what that tells me is that our Vulcan way of operating strategic discipline is working. And our operators are making those efficiencies and those disciplines pay off. And so, while this is hard to do particularly in inflationary pressures, it's working. And as you've seen over the last 2 years with our performance, it's sticky I mean, it is there.  And that kind of cost performance allows us to capture price, to maximize unit margin growth, which is our -- you'd cash -- our cash unit margin now is at $7.74 a ton. And if you look back, this is a compounded annual growth rate of 7% in unit margin growth over 8 years including diesel. So, I would tell you, I'm very proud of our operators and they and on both know they're not done.
Suzanne Wood : I just want to add one point of clarification on the unit cost of sales increase on the same-store basis. They were up 1.7% as compared to last year's third quarter. But excluding diesel, they decreased almost 1%, and those numbers are in the press release.
Brian Biros: Thank you.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Thalhimer, Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer : Hey, good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Suzanne Wood : Thanks.
Adam Thalhimer : Comment a little bit on the outlook for downstream margins.
Tom Hill : I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
Adam Thalhimer : Can you comment a little bit on the outlook for downstream margins?
Tom Hill : So, if you look at Asphalt first, we took a big hit this year with liquid. And it's kind of -- you're a little bit comparing the perfect storm because last year, liquid prices plummeted and the margins went up. This year, they spiked and it took a bite out of margins. As we said in the prepared remarks, 2022 should see strong demand from improved highway work, and Asphalt prices are moving to catch liquid and you saw that start to move in the quarter. But there is a lag.  So, we should see gross profit improvements in Asphalt in 2022, but I would not expect them to get back to 2020 levels. the reason why, is we had that big decrease in liquid in 2022. But I would expect profitability in the product line to improve based on volume improvements and unit margin improvements because prices are going up to catch liquid costs. Move into ready-mix, I think 2022 is set up very nicely for the combined Vulcan U.S.  Concrete ready-mix businesses. And again, that non-residential demand turning to growth in 2022 is very healthy for concrete demand. Northern California saw some headwinds in '21, it's really hangover from the pandemic. It was the most severe shelter in place. And the government offices shut down so nobody could get building permits. And that air pocket is what hit us in 2021, we're past that. The permits are out there.  Our backlogs are very good and growing, the same can be applied to New York exactly the same thing. And then Texas, it was good and we'll continue to grow. But the -- you couple all that with healthy pricing, price increases, which has now gotten into margin growth. I would really look forward to the 2022 Concrete business.
Adam Thalhimer : Great. Thank you, Tom.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: Will go next to Keith Hughes with Chouest.
Keith Hughes : Thank you. Just a quick question on Asphalt, you've highlighted some of the issues and the quarter. I guess my question is on pricing. It seems like it would've been slated Morgan, given the whole market, isn't anything that you can talk about the path through an Asphalt and any endurance is there and any details would be very helpful.
Tom Hill : Yeah, is this always a lag, you do have -- when you have spikes in an asphalt, you take a hit for a little bit of time until prices catch up. Again, like we saw in last year when it falls, the opposite happens and you're able to put those margins in your pocket for a well. So, liquid -- I think we'll settle down with that. We'll be able to catch it with price you sell that go up $2 in the quarter and will continue to accelerate. But it just takes time to catch up and I don't think we'll catch it all from '20 to 2022, but 2022 will be improved.
Keith Hughes : Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: We go next to David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David Macgregor : Yes, good morning, everyone. Congrats on the good quarter.
Suzanne Wood : Good morning.
David Macgregor : Yeah. Good morning. I guess you've made repeated reference here to the same-store freight adjusted unit cost of sales excluding diesel, being down 1%. I'm guessing most of that would be volume leverage. So, just how should we think about the margin benefit of the improved legacy operating efficiencies and productivity you achieved through the pandemic period? And do you expect to cover next year's cost inflation with pricing, or are you expecting productivity to play a more significant role in the '22 margin progression story? Thank you.
Tom Hill : If you look forward to 2022 obviously, prices north to 5%, that's really good and will definitely improve unit margins. We know our goal every year is through efficiencies and disciplines to offset any kind of headwinds we have in price. We've done a really good -- that operate has done a really good job with that this year, obviously, we couldn't overcome diesel, but price did. I don't think that you see the big spikes like we had with costs in diesel going forward, so for sure, price, you will see margin growth in 2022.  But it's going to be the combination of price and operating efficiencies because you just got to continue to improve those to offset it. I would tell you if I looked at things like tons per man hour or footprint through a plant or plant availability across our footprint, particularly our top 50 plants, which is the most of production. It's not just volume that's covered up costs, it's also those efficiencies are improving. And that's just good, smart hard work by our operators.
David Macgregor : Thanks very much.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Timna Tanners of Wolfe Research.
Timna Tanners : Good morning Everyone.
Tom Hill : Good morning.
Suzanne Wood : Good morning.
Timna Tanners : Wanted to follow-up on the Q4 guidance in particular, if we could. If I take the midpoint of the new guidance versus the old guidance, it's effectively a $25 million increase as I understood it. But you also talked about, about a $50 million contribution I think from USCR. If I understood that wrong, please clarify. But wanted to just make sure I understood what's driving that change, what is happening in this fourth quarter with regard to maybe picking up some of that volume that you highlighted losing because of the weather? And if anything, you can share with us on the trend in October, that'd be great. Thanks.
Suzanne Wood : With respect to your question on the guidance, you're spot on. There was a $25 million net change midpoint to -- previous midpoint to current midpoint. If you just take the middle of the U.S. Concrete guidance range, we gave that's 55, so that implies a $30 million reduction otherwise. And what you're seeing there is just the rollover of the energy costs -- the energy headwinds into the 4th quarter, that's our current expectation.
Timna Tanners : Anything on October you can share?
Suzanne Wood : I mean, we typically don't comment on October, on the call. I mean, it's pretty early days here in terms of closing, but I would say as we normal would at this point if we had anything materially different to say we'd say that in a press release or otherwise. So really no commentary.
Timna Tanners : Okay. Thanks, guys.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next. So now go Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst : Hey guys. Tom, the bottlenecks you alluded to limiting volume growth in 2022 to 4%. How much of that is tied to external dynamics versus how you're set up from a labor and production standpoint? And I guess bigger picture, do you see these issue is getting cleared out by 2023, and do you see a more pronounced acceleration of volumes?
Tom Hill : I think that, oh wait till when we call for 2023. I think it's not us. I think we've got the capacity and the firepower to produce a lot more than 4%. I think it's really an ability for number 1. To get product to market through truck drivers and truckers. Second, is our customers’ ability to get more employees and it's more to catch up as opposed to get work done. I think they get work done, but the ability if you have a week of rain and to catch that back up, now you don't have the crews to take out there for the next 2 weekends to do it because you're [Indiscernible] people too many hours, you don't have enough people in the crews.  And then the last thing is with particularly in [Indiscernible], you're seeing Supply-chain issues. Windows or door knobs or there's all kinds of different things that -- and there's a whole -- you can read about them, there's a whole list of them. But as you talk to the big residential customers, they're having supply-chain issues, and you have to put that mix in there and that hits non-res also. So, I think that while the underlying demand structure is very good, as I said earlier, what's really important is it's widespread geographically, but it's also across all 4 end uses.  And up until this year of -- a few up until 2022, we've always had one of those as a drag and I don't think we do in 2022. So, the fundamentals are there. I think you just have a little bit of a dampening effect with labor and supply chain. But if that clears up, we could do better at this point with work to be done and we'll come back in February with very clear guidance and the thought process behind that. But at this point, I would I would govern it to 4.
Unknown Analyst : Okay, thank you.
Tom Hill : For Lemming. I will be over 4 -- we're not trying to give guidance at 4 at this point, but I don't think you'll get over 4.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Wilson with Raymond James.
Josh Wilson : Yes. Thanks for taking my question.
Suzanne Wood : Good morning.
Josh Wilson : Just a few clarification on the modeling side, when you first announced the U.S. Concrete acquisition, you expected it to add a $190 million in EBITDA. Prior to synergies, is there been any revision to what the baseline is given recent trends?
Suzanne Wood : Well, when we talked about that, we were basing that really on trailing 12 months through the end of March, and I would say that since that time, U.S. Concrete has experienced some of the same energy headwinds that we've experienced and others in the industry have experienced. So, it will -- we'll see where that leads. We've given -- we've given you guidance for the period of time since we've owned them through the end of the year, and we'll comment further on what we expect them to contribute in February.
Tom Hill : I think they experienced headwinds we talked about with the recover from the pandemic and Northern California and New York. Obviously, they had the inefficiency cost headwinds with traffic getting back on the road. And the energy cost as Suzanne mentioned. As I said earlier, I think the market and demand headwinds are behind us. The permitting is strong, the backlogs are strong. Work is happening in the 2 coastal markets that we had concerns about in '21.  And really Importantly, at this point, price has moved past cost and showing growth in unit margin. And obviously like the rest of the construction material sector, they'll have price increases in -- all these markets will have price increases in ready-mix between January and April. I think '22 sets up really well for the Concrete business on the aggregates piece of it, much like ours. It's the same comments we said about 2022 with price and volume and cost would apply to the previous U.S. Concrete aggregates businesses.
Josh Wilson : Thanks so much.
Tom Hill : Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman : Hey, great, thank you. Hey, Tom, I know it's been a short period of time since ownership USCR, but any change to your collective, go-to-market, or overall strategy in the market so you already overlap the business, I'm thinking particularly California and if it is too early, maybe you can just talk about what gets you excited about controlling the upstream capacity, and frankly, the downstream capacity you now have in that region because that all seems pretty attractive.
Tom Hill : Yeah, it sits very well. It's a little too early to call the detail, and we'd like to do that in February, we'll do that in February. But I think what, as I said earlier, what really gets me excited is Those teams in California, Texas, and Virginia, we're together within days of the closing. They knew each other well, they were big customer virus, so they had relationships and they had their strategies and their tactics to improve volume, price, and leverage operating efficiencies and share information and assets and equipment.  Before -- they had it together before, we could go back and review and we're executing. So, it happened really fast, more to come. We'll put a lot of detail on that, but I'm very pleased with what those combined Lawn (ph) managers have already put in place and what -- how quickly and smoothly that's gone. I think they are coming out -- the culture is being so much like each other. And our previous relationship has helped us. And I think I underestimated the speed at which that would impact the line in businesses. So progressive [Indiscernible] great work.
Brent Thielman : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll, go next to Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas : Good morning, gentlemen, Suzanne.
Suzanne Wood : Good morning.
Tom Hill : Good morning.
Michael Dudas : When you're looking at your -- I know you have your capex budget for this year, but just as a preliminary thought for '22, and talking about your maintenance and your growth side, how's it looked just preliminarily? And looking at the USC assets that the capitalization of those assets, do they need to be caught up? Is there any special opportunities that you're seeing early on there? And I'm assuming you're probably going to budget a little bit more for inflationary contractor issues that probably haven't seen in the last several years. Thank you.
Suzanne Wood : You're right. Clearly, the prices of everything is going up across the board. And when we also there as well have some supply chain issues to manage. But I'll just touch on this year first and then comment on next year. You'll note we kept our CapEx guidance for 2021 the same. And that's really as a result of reviewing U.S. Concrete 's needs for the period of ownership. We were able to fold that within the guidance range that we had.  So really no big issues there. As we look forward to next year. Typically, we will spend somewhere between $450 million, $475 million give or take. I wouldn't expect that to be vastly different. We're obviously still in the early days, and in terms of putting together the 2 capital plans and the 2 budgets and having a really good look at that, but I haven't seen anything so far that makes me or us believe that we need to significantly pick up that capex guide.
Michael Dudas : Excellent. Thank you. Suzanne.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the call over to Tom for closing remarks.
A - Tom Hill : Thank you for your interest in Vulcan. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Obviously, we're looking forward to 2022 in the meantime, please stay safe and healthy and keep your family safe and healthy. Thank you.
A - Suzanne Wood : Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vulcan Materials Company’s Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call today. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. A recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our website. Please be reminded that today’s discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company’s earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. As the operator indicated, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. This will help maximize our time together. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials and hope that you and your families continued to be safe and healthy. I want to begin today’s call by taking a moment to congratulate our team for their solid execution during the first half of the year. Our performance through the first two quarters further demonstrates the strength of our aggregates-led business. We expect the momentum we generated in the first half of the year to carry through the second half. And we reiterate our full year 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $1.3 billion to $1.46 billion. For the first half of the year, our adjusted EBITDA increased by 7% and our aggregate cash gross profit per ton expanded by 5% through a combination of volume growth, higher pricing and improved operating efficiencies. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $406 million essentially unchanged versus the same quarter last year. We achieved this result despite a $25 million headwind from much higher diesel and liquid asphalt costs. Diesel costs rose by $15 million in the quarter, liquid asphalt costs were $10 million higher than the same period last year. And together with wet weather, negatively impacted the profitability of our non-aggregate segments. Even after considering the energy headwind, our aggregate cash gross profit per ton grew by 2% in the quarter due to our team’s consistent execution of our four strategic disciplines. With a 4% increase in aggregates volume in the second quarter, and the market’s current visibility to demand, the pricing environment continues to improve. Freight adjusted aggregates pricing increased 3% in the quarter and the rate of growth improved sequentially throughout the quarter. Adjusted for mix, freight adjusted price improved 2.6% twice the growth rate realized in the first quarter. Along with improved volume and pricing, operating efficiencies and cost control helped to offset inflationary pressures. Our total cash cost of sales increased by 4% in the quarter versus the prior year. Excluding the diesel headwinds, cash costs of sales grew by less than 1%. During the second half of the year, we will remain diligent and focus on controlling what we can control and on driving further improvements in our profitability. The solid aggregates performance helped to offset reduce profitability in the non-aggregate segment. Our second quarter non-aggregates gross profit declined year-over-year due primarily to the higher liquid asphalt costs, which I mentioned earlier and lower volumes in both asphalt and concrete. Wet weather impacted asphalt shipments, while the shift in timing of projects, particularly in Virginia, resulted in lower than anticipated concrete shipments. Turning now to the demand picture. It has improved across our major end markets, as well as geographies. The residential end use has shown continued strength with solid starts in single-family housing. We’ve also seen an uptick in multi-family housing starts. Now with respect to the non-residential outlook, improvement continues in a number of leading indicators, and we have begun to see month over month improvement in starts. The strongest non-residential sector continues to be the work-related to e-commerce and technology infrastructure, but lighter traditional non-residential demand is also recovering. The level how we starts remained healthy in the first half of 2021, as states got back to normal funding and budget levels. On the broader subject of federal highway and infrastructure spending, we’re encouraged by the progress made toward a highway bill with substantially higher funding over the FAST Act levels. We’ve also seen an acceleration of starts in public infrastructure such as water and sewer treatment systems, airports, and storm and flood control. Before turning the call over to Suzanne, I want to briefly touch on our growth strategy and the recently announced agreement to acquire U.S. Concrete. We have three paths to growth, and it’s important to strike the right balance between these three in order to drive higher returns. Those paths are organic growth, greenfields and M&A. We always start with organic growth because it offers the most attractive and compelling value proposition on a risk adjusted basis. We have a unique and irreplaceable asset-based spread across the most attractive geographies in the U.S. Our four strategic disciplines are designed to accelerate our organic growth and the benefits are clear as we expand our unit profitability. We also have a long and successful history of developing and opening new aggregate locations, particularly in growth quarters, where acquisition opportunities may be limited. We like the flexibility that greenfields provide in regards to timing and pace of capital spending. Our third growth engine is M&A, U.S. Concrete is a great strategic fit for Vulcan, as it naturally complements our existing aggregates business. It also brings new geographic exposure to the company. Expanding and diversifying our already strong footprint into the Northeast. Along with my colleagues at both Vulcan and U.S. Concrete, I’m very excited about the potential for this combination. It will allow us to further drive sustainable long-term shareholder value, and I’ll look forward to welcoming the U.S. Concrete team to the Vulcan family. Now I will turn the call over to Suzanne for further comments.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom. And good morning to everyone. I’d like to begin by highlighting a few key areas to consider this quarter, our aggregates price realization, unit profitability, return on invested capital and balance sheet strength. First, our ability to consistently deliver compounding price improvements is an important driver of our unit margins. The current pricing environment is positive due to improving demand visibility and inflationary pressures. We’ve seen attractive sequential improvement in pricing through the first half of the year and we expect the momentum to carry over to the second half. Clearly these compounding price improvements along with good operational execution are having a positive impact on our unit profitability. This quarter marked the 12th straight quarter of improvement in our trailing 12-month cash gross profit per ton. For the trailing 12 months cash gross profit per ton was $7.26 and for the quarter it was $7.83 per ton moving ever closer to our current goal of $9 per ton. The next area of focus is our return on invested capital. We are pleased with our improving returns and on a trailing 12-month basis, return on invested capital was 14.8%, an increase of 60 basis points compared to the prior year period. This improvement was comprised of an essentially unchanged invested capital base and a 4% increase in trailing 12 month adjusted EBITDA. And finally, we will continue to prioritize our balance sheet strength to create the flexibility and optionality necessary to support our capital allocation strategy. At June 30, our net debt-to-EBITDA was 1.3 times, reflecting $968 million of cash on hand. Our debt has a weighted average maturity of 15 years with no significant maturities in the near-term. It’s important to note that even after the anticipated close of the U.S. Concrete acquisition, our balance sheet will be in good standing and we remain committed to maintaining our investment grade rating. Before turning the call back over to Tom, I do want to touch briefly on two housekeeping matters. First, you will have noted an increase in our interest expense this quarter, concurrent with the announced pending acquisition of U.S. Concrete in June, we obtained a bridge facility commitment to support the deal. Subsequently, we executed a $1.6 billion delayed draw term loan, which will be used to fund the acquisition along with cash on hand, borrowings under that facility are due three years from the funding date. And so this facility will be used as an interim measure prior to accessing the bond market at the appropriate time. As a result, financing costs of $9 million for the bridge commitment was recognized as expense in the second quarter. The final matter to mention is our effective tax rate. And as a reminder, at the end of first quarter, we increased our expectation of the full year rate to between 23% and 24%, that guidance is still applicable. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thanks Suzanne. Before we go to Q&A, I want to again thank the entire Vulcan team for their hard work and their dedication to serving our customers, our people are what makes Vulcan better every day. I would be remiss if I didn’t comment on the current COVID environment and the recent announcement by the CDC in response to the surge in the Delta variants. We will continue to closely monitor the spread of the virus, ensuring the health and safety of our employees and their families. We will continue to operate Vulcan for the long-term, this means keeping our people safe and healthy, staying focused on strong local execution, driving unit margin expansion and improving our financial returns. And now we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Trey Grooms of Stephens.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Trey Grooms: So, Tom, your aggregates business clearly performed well given some of the headwinds. Obviously, asphalt is facing some challenges right now on the cost front. But as we look into the back half of the year, can you help us unpack some of the puts and takes around the guidance, specifically around these different segments? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Sure. As you heard us say, we’re confident in the full year guidance of $1.38 billion to 1.46 billion, which – remember, we raised that 90 days ago, as you said, probably with a little bit different puts and takes. We probably won’t make up, or won’t be able to make up the shortfall in other aggregates, which is really asphalt. As you know, we’re playing catch up on liquid costs. Now I would say to that asphalt prices are going up and we’ll see increased prices and probably improved margins in the second half, but probably not enough to offset all the liquid headwinds. That being said, aggregate volumes appear to be improving with demand improving in all market end uses. So I’d call it asphalt being offset by shipping on the higher side of our volume midpoint. So aggregates, we’re on the optimistic side of volume. Prices in aggregates, we reiterate the 2% to 4% range, although we’re seeing prices improving sequentially. From a cost perspective, we would still say that over the 12 months we’ll be low-single digits, so good operating disciplines. Unit margin in the mid-single-digit range. Non-aggregates a little lower, but improving, which brings me to, I’d say confidence in that $1.38 billion to $1.46 billion guidance.
Trey Grooms: Great. Perfect. That’s great color. Thanks for the thoughts, Tom, and take care. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Trey.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Stanley Elliott of Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thank you all for taking the question, and nice work in a very tough environment. Tom, can you talk a little bit more about what you’re seeing on the price side of the equation? You mentioned sequentially improving, you’ve got the demand commentary, which looks encouraging into the back half of the year and into next year. Just curious to see what’s happening on the ground in terms of the pricing dynamics. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Sure, and good morning, Stanley. Yes. When you have – we have visibility to growing demand like we have right now and you couple that with pressures from fuel and other inflationary pressures, we know that prices will accelerate. They’re probably accelerating a little faster than maybe we anticipated 90 days ago and it’s probably a little brighter. At this point, I think we’d be premature to adjust our 2021 pricing outlook, but I think it bodes very well for pricing in 2022. As we said, in the first quarter call, as we called out, the rate of price increases continues to escalate sequentially over time, we saw that in the quarter. We talked about, I mean, if you mix adjust price in the second quarter, it doubles over the first quarter. And then if you look within the second quarter, prices increased sequentially month to month. I think that we’ll see – continue to see that sequential rate growth pattern throughout 2021. And I would expect it to – that sequential improvement to continue in 2022, although maybe a little higher amplitude and here’s why. We started talking about – to our customers about second half price increases in May. On bid work, which is about 6% of our work. We have definitely increased price increases over the last 60 days on new jobs. Now, remember, there’s a lag between that bid work. They won’t ship for roughly six to nine months. When it comes to fixed plants, we’ve had discussions, having discussions about second half price increases, and we’ve realized those in a few markets. But in our conversations with customers, they’ve been very positive, again, all supported by that clear visibility to growing demand and inflationary pressures. So while we see some benefit to 2021, this is definitely going to be a 2022 impact because those jobs that we bid now or bid over the last couple of months are definitely going to benefit 2022, and we’ll see a bigger impact on fixed plant prices in 2022. Again, I think I would expect to see that rate of price increases continue to climb sequentially this year, and that pattern to continue to – into 2022. So this is just a really good environment for pricing.
Stanley Elliott: Great, guys. Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Tom Hill: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Tom, is the decision to acquire U.S. Concrete a function of a more optimistic view on volumes over the next three to five years, maybe consistent with what we’re hearing from D.C. on infrastructure? I mean you’ve talked about the attractiveness of the assets. I’m just wondering why now is sort of the right time to pursue the acquisition. Has market structure gotten better? Or are you more optimistic on end-market demand? Just wondering if you can give any more color there.
Tom Hill: Well, as you know, usually when one of those happens, it’s a long-term view, and it takes a long term to make one of those happen. So as you know, we’ve been talking for a while and thinking about it for a while and working with U.S. Concrete. I think if you step back with it, obviously, market demand is – looks good for the short-term. But again, you do one of these, it’s both short-term and long-term. And for both companies’ shareholders, I think it was a good deal. If you step back and look, the geography works, both in California and Texas and in Virginia, and it introduces us to some really good positions and attractive new markets in New York and New Jersey. The aggregates – their aggregates and ready-mixed assets are very attractive. I think it’s a well-run company. Their cultures are very much like ours. And I think the deal is progressing nicely, and we look forward to getting their team into the Vulcan family. We know them. They’re talented and we just think it’s very complementary. And the fact that the short-term markets look very good is another benefit.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Benjamin Burud: Hey, everyone. This is Benjamin Burud on behalf of Jerry Revich. The balance sheet is projected to be in great shape post the U.S. Concrete acquisition. How would you characterize the M&A pipeline and the opportunity set from them?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think that the M&A pipeline continues to be good, and it’s active. I’d say, a lot more smaller targets, more bolt-ons. We have the balance sheet to be able to do what we want to do or need to do there. But as always, I think you have to be disciplined about those and what markets do you want to be in and what synergies are unique to us, don’t overpay. And when you get them, make sure you integrate them fast and accurately. So there’s a lot out there, but we’ll be disciplined how – we have the firepower, but we’ll be disciplined in how we look at them.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Keith Hughes of Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. You referred earlier in the call to $15 million of diesel inflation. I think that was the second quarter number. If you could talk about what that figure will look like in the third, I assume it’s probably going to go up some given where diesel has moved. And then maybe even in the fourth, how it’s going to affect the rest of the year?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think we saw $15 million impact on diesel 16 – for the quarter, $16.5 million. So it was really a Q2 impact. I think the second quarter will be the hardest hit for the year by diesel. And if you remember, last year’s diesel in the second quarter, maybe, I think it was under $1. So just if you look at comparables, this will be the toughest hit. Who knows what’s going to happen with diesel prices, but our best outlook would tell you the impact of the $20 to $25 range in the second half. That being said, I think we’re comfortable with our operating efficiencies to be able to only have low single-digit cost climb for the full year, which, right now, we’re under 1%.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I think that was $20 million to $25 million in the second half.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you. And if I could sneak one more on U.S. Concrete. Any kind of narrow timeframe when you think the deal will close?
Tom Hill: Second half, at this point. I mean it’s going along well, but those are hard to predict. So I’d just tell you second half.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my question today. Could you clarify how much of price controls versus pricing play into your expectations? And are you seeing – are there certain geographic areas where you’re seeing greater relative strength over there, greater opportunities in light of both price and cost controls? Thank you.
Tom Hill: I’m sorry, Kathryn, I couldn’t hear the first part of that question.
Kathryn Thompson: Yes. Could you clarify how much of price controls versus pricing have played into your expectations, not just for 2021 but into 2022? And what geographic markets are you seeing greater relative upside? And are there greater opportunities for pricing there, but also other operational efficiencies that maybe didn’t present themselves to the same degree earlier this year?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think that if you step back and look at all of this, the pricing environment is as good as we’ve seen it in a while. Now you’ve got temporary inflationary pressures with diesel, but that is good for pricing because it allows you to have the ability to raise prices, particularly with the advantage by being what it is. And I think with good cost control, I think we’re confident with that mid-single-digit unit margin improvement. From a pricing from a geographic perspective, it’s really widespread. We raised bid prices across our footprint over the last two months. I think that the second half fixed plant price increases, a few places in the Southeast. But it’s – that will really be more of a 2022 play with hopefully higher amplitude on pricing and maybe earlier in the year. So you got temporary pressures from inflation, but really a good setup from – for prices moving forward. And I think that we’ve got a pretty good proven record on cost control to offset inflationary pressures, and we’ll catch up with diesel even on cost control.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, Kathryn, I would just add to that, look, when you look at the performance in the second quarter and also in the first half, certainly, very good from a pricing perspective, as Tom said, which was expected. But despite the diesel headwinds, we also had a very good cash cost performance as well. Cash cost of sales was up 4% in the quarter. But if you back diesel out of that, which rose significantly and rapidly, our expenses were less than 1% rise year-over-year. So we certainly experienced some inflation in other parts of the business and other input products besides diesel. But again, we had sufficient operating efficiencies and cost control to hold those cash costs to within less than 1%. And so if you have the combination of good pricing discipline and those rises we’ve talked about, and we have good control over cost, which is one thing that we should be able to fully control, then you get the good results in cash gross profit per ton that we talked about. In Tom’s comments, he called out that cash gross profit per ton was up 2%. If you exclude diesel from that, it’s up 5%. So again, a very good performance, and it just shows when you focus on the things that you can control, what can be accomplished. In fact, if you look at the progression of cash gross profit per ton and you look at it on a trailing 12-month basis ended with the second quarter in 2019, and you compare that to the trailing 12 months ended the second quarter in 2021, so that’s kind of 24-month period there, it’s up 5%. So that’s something that we will – we’re always focused on. We always like to talk about that because that’s clearly the driver of our profitability, and we’ll continue to talk about that.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first question, clearly, there’s still some moving pieces around kind of the legislative agenda as it relates to the stand-alone infrastructure bill and potential reconciliation, but it does seem like things are kind of taking shape in a more tangible form. So I just wanted to ask for your thoughts on, as you’ve read through the text and the amendments, how you’re thinking about the potential support from the infrastructure bill? And how might we see these tailwinds manifest in terms of both timing and magnitude in your view?
Tom Hill: Yes. I would tell you that we’re excited about it. I mean this is a multi-generational opportunity for highway funding, and one that our country sorely needs. So this is exciting for us, not just for the company but also for the country. I think we’re confident that Congress passes on an infrastructure package to include a long-term reauthorization of the FAST Act, it would be a roughly 60% increase from the FAST Act. At this point, all signs point to those significant increases in core highway funding. We think the Senate should pass their bill in the next week, which is incredibly exciting and then I think we’re confident that Congress passes the bill this year. Now, it always – I would caveat that it always takes one to two years to see funding passed into shipments. Usually we normally say two years, but I think state DoTs have really matured into their increased their – their substantially increased funding and are much more – have much greater ability to step up work faster than what we saw over the last three years when the states dramatically increased state funding.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. I’d just add to that, one more, of course the prospect of the passage of a bill, as Tom said, it’s very exciting. I mean, from our perspective it also provides an opportunity. We think to kind of extend the cycle, giving us a longer period of time to continue to compound price, which then flows into compounding unit margins back to my earlier point.
Mike Dahl: Right. Okay. That’s good to hear. And my second question, I mean, made a comment about just the expected second half close and things going well with U.S. Concrete, when you say anything’s going well, I just wanted to ask if you could elaborate a bit more, is that going well in terms of your conversations, management seal team to field team or integration wise, or is that a comment specific to your conversations with the DoJ and any update you can give on the review process?
Tom Hill: I think short answer is all of the above. We’ve had conversations, management team, the management team, we’ve looked at what we have to do the integration, obviously that’s limited until we close. They’ve got to run their business independently of ours and vice versa. We’re getting to know each other better, getting to know capabilities better, how do you overlay that and how do you move quickly, but accurately. And then the DoJ process, I think is going at this point quite well and we feel confident that we’ll close it this year.
Mike Dahl: Sounds good. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks for having me on. I’m just wondering if you could provide some more color just on the timing headwinds you saw that impacted the concrete segment, do you think it’s specific to 2Q, and I’m wondering if there’s any potential delays in other parts of your business, perhaps due to inflation or labor constraints that might be coming down the pike here in the second half of the year.
Tom Hill: Yeah. Good morning, Garik. The short-term impact was timing of jobs. It had us, impacts of about $4 million in the second quarter. That was really some big jobs in Northern Virginia, they’ll ship we think second half of this year and the volume should return. I think it’s candidly a good time to be in the ready-mix business, while – again, while you have the short-term challenges of diesel, you’re seeing ready-mix prices moving with great momentum in many markets around the country, we’ll see two to three price increases this year alone as well ours. So while you’ve got this quarter, maybe next from short-term headwinds from fuel, pricing is moving rapidly and I think that’s a really good sign for the ready-mix business, along with those – the demand in the end users is improving as same as aggregates.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And just to be clear. You’re not really seeing any delays in other areas, just because of labor inflation or material inflation or supply chain constraints that might be backing up?
Tom Hill: No, the jobs that we saw in the second quarter were just timing on the jobs. It wasn’t inflation, supply or labor constraint.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks for that.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys. Tom, I’m just curious on the U.S., another one on the U.S. Concrete deal. Just curious how you are framing this to investors who are worried that you’re increasing downstream exposure?
Tom Hill: Well, I think that – if you look at our history, number one, we’ve gone from 95% to 85% of our EBITDA coming from aggregates, when this closes 85% of our EBITDA will come from aggregates. I think more importantly you got to look at, how the two companies match up. The geographies work extremely well. California, Texas, Virginia, we match up very well. If you look at their technical capabilities, they’re a very good operator in ready-mix concrete, we think they can help us. We think we can help them with our ability to expand unit margins – collectively to expand unit margins and aggregate. So we help each other. We think their culture fits ours very well. And you also got to remember, there’s 12 million tonnes – 12.5 million tonnes of aggregate in U.S. Concrete and so it is also which is very complimentary in places we aren’t or product lines that we aren’t. So it’s very complimentary to us. And as I said, the management team fits very well. We know them well, they know us well. We started talking – we always talked to each other, because we know each other very well, but in our conversations and pre-closing, and to start to figure out how we put the companies together, it’s going extremely well. So I think if you talk to anybody on the collective teams, we’re all excited about this and see lots of opportunities.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks, Tom.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Collin Verron: Hi, this is actually Collin on for Phil. Thank you for taking my question. Can you parse out how your different end markets performed to contribute to that 4% year-over-year increase in aggregate shipments? And then maybe dive a little bit more into trends in the non-res end market and how that business is tracking versus 2019 levels?
Tom Hill: Sure. I think if you look across our footprint, it’s pretty consistent. Non-res is improving. Non-res starts on a trailing six-month or trailing three-month basis have now turned positive. We continue to see strength, as you would imagine, the heavy non-res, the warehouse and distribution centers. But now we’re seeing growth in things like government buildings, institutional buildings, healthcare, private schools and churches. And we’re just starting to see green shoots on stores that follow new subdivisions. So I’d call non-res out across our footprint pretty much as improving. Residential, it’s going great. Single-family starts on a trailing 12-month basis were up 31% in our markets. Inventory is extremely low. This is almost all new subdivision work, which is more and more aggregate-intensive. So demand growth in this sector will continue to grow and still not overbuilt. Now you’re seeing multifamily improvement. Permits for both multifamily and single family would support continued growth. So it’s just strong on the res side. Highways, good. We’re confident. We’ve returned back to normal. I can talk about that more later. I think what’s exciting, which is a little bit of a shift that we’re seeing now, we’re seeing growth in non-highway infrastructure. And this is – we started to see this in kind of the end of 2019, beginning of 2020, and then it got shutdown with a pandemic. But on a trailing 12-month or six-month and three-month, it’s very good. And it’s more in the sector of water sewage. And you got to remember that the housing growth is also driving the non-highway infrastructure. So all in all, you’ve got non-res returning and has made the turn. The other three are now growing.
Collin Verron: Great. Thank you for the color.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Josh Wilson of Raymond James.
Josh Wilson: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Josh Wilson: Just to make sure we tie out all the moving parts in the second half. Can you update the gross profit guidance. I think before you had said that the non-aggregates gross profit collectively would be up mid-to-high single. Where are you thinking that shakes out there?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I’ll speak to that. In terms of our cash gross profit per ton, that’s usually the measure that we call out we had for the full year, we had talked about that being sort of roughly mid-single digits. We don’t see a reason to change that guidance at this point.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think if you look at – and this is more of a longer-term view of this, as always, because cost can be so variable within a quarter. But year-to-date, we’re 5%. I think we’d tell you that as we march through the year, probably, if you – we’ll absorb the inflationary pressures, and we’ll end the year at mid-single-digit from a cash gross profit per ton.
Josh Wilson: Got it. And with the heavy non-resi that’s been the driver for so long, are any geographies seeing any moderation there at all? Or even if it’s in like quoting activity?
Tom Hill: No, it’s still going well. And what’s interesting about that is because it’s big and flat, it’s very aggregate-intensive, but their ability to go from bid to turn and dirt and shipping rock is probably faster than any segment we’re seeing. I mean they’re really quick at it. So I don’t see any slowdown. The good news is, as we said, the light side is starting to see some growth in even stores, which is kind of the last one to fall in here, is starting to follow the subdivision with green shoots.
Josh Wilson: Great. Good luck with the next quarter.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Hey. Thank you, good morning. Tom, can you talk about the California public and private bid environment, just given you – that’s one of your higher-priced markets, you’re getting a good chunk of revenue from USCR there.
Tom Hill: Yes. I would tell you, very good news. The residential market continues to improve a little bit better in Southern California, the Northern California, which was the hardest hit with the shutdown. Non-res, again – excuse me, the res is healthy. The non-res is improving, again, probably a little faster in Southern than Northern California, but both on the mend. Caltrans is a great story. Caltrans came out this week and upped their outlook for lettings in 2022 by over 50%. So great news from Caltrans. They have really matured into their funding fast. They’ve got a lot of needs and they’re going to put that money to work. So both for our aggregates business, our asphalt business, our concrete business and future aggregates and concrete business from U.S. Concrete, good signs, good omens and good news.
Brent Thielman: Tom, that’s their fiscal 2022, is that right?
Tom Hill: Yes. So that starts July – correct, Caltrans, that’s fiscal year 2022. So that starts, I believe, July 1 – started July 1.
Brent Thielman: Very helpful. Thank you. Best of luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Hi, good morning Tom and Suzanne.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: So just back to U.S. Concrete, your expectations on your return profile on the investment over the next several years, what were your expectations or how they frame related to other investment opportunities? And maybe you can tie that back to once the deal closes and the balance sheet gets restructured, your go-forward targets on whether certain type of debt levels, priorities on capital allocation? And will there be any more allocation one way or the other given how well you think the concrete can bring the cash into the business?
Tom Hill: I wouldn’t see a big shift in capital when you put the two together, either up or down, obviously. I don’t – I think, again, I wouldn’t see a shift in priorities in putting the two together. I think it gives us a lot of more flexibility on moving capital around and how we allocate it and mixing and matching. Again, I think we got to get it closed and we can give you a lot better view of returns and how that’s going to look and give us – let us put the teams together and really at close. But I would tell you, at this point, I am more optimistic than I was when – before we started talking to them and feel very good about it. And that’s how – what happens when we put the two together and how we help each other, but also the short term, the markets look to be improved.
Michael Dudas: Do you think just from early indications that U.S. Concrete was fairly well capitalized in its current asset base?
Tom Hill: I think they’re fine. I think it’s a well-run business. I think that team has done a good job. I think like all of us, they’ve got places where they feel better than others. We would tell you the same thing about ours, but I don’t think – again, I don’t see any big shift with this. And I think that team has done a good job with allocating capital as well as running the business, servicing their customers and managing their operating efficiencies.
Michael Dudas: Thank you, Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Tom for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to talking to you next quarter or throughout the next few days and weeks and months. As always, the world is changing, and we hope that all of you stay healthy and safe and keep your families healthy. I look forward to talking to you. Bye-bye.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Vulcan Materials Company's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christie and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now, I will turn the call over to your host Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning. Thank you for joining our earnings call today. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website vulcanmaterials.com. A recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our website. Please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks along with other disclaimers are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation, and other SEC filings. As the operator indicated, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. This will help maximize participation during our time together. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark and good morning to everyone. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials and hope that you and your families continue to be safe and healthy. I want to begin by saying that our performance in the first quarter was a very promising start to the year. Demand in our markets continues to improve and our team executed well as evidenced by our financial results. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the gain on sale from our reclaimed quarry in California, was $244 million, up 22% compared to last year. This strong growth was driven in part by a 3% increase in aggregate shipments. Despite weather impacts across Texas and parts of the Southeast in February, we experienced a pickup in shipments and March proved to be a strong month. Residential starts continue to accelerate and highway starts also increased due to improved lettings in the third and fourth quarters of last year. We've experienced an increase in both the number of jobs and the shipping speed in the heavy nonresidential space which is also the most aggregate intensive. And finally, some of the jobs that had been postponed last year have started. With year-over-year improvement across our footprint pricing was the second driver of our EBITDA growth. Freight-adjusted aggregates pricing increased by 2% in the quarter. Adjusted for mix, the increase was 1.3%. This was as expected since we were shipping work that have been bid in the middle of the pandemic when there was uncertainty and a lack of demand visibility. As our 2021 price increases gain traction, we will see pricing improvement throughout the year. The third driver of EBITDA growth and the one most within our control was our exceptional cost performance in the quarter. Aggregate total cost of sales per ton was 2% lower than last year's first quarter. And cash cost of sales per ton declined by 3%. Cost control like this is an accomplishment and requires considerable discipline from our operators. The team focused hard on operational execution. And as a result, all of our operating parameters in the quarries improved year-over-year. We were pleased with the meaningful impact from our four strategic disciplines, which will continue to mature. The most compelling metric, continues to be our strong unit margin gains across the footprint. Aggregates, cash gross profit per ton, increased by 9%. This demonstrates the attractive operational earnings power of our aggregates business, when demand is combined with strong execution on our four strategic disciplines. Overall, our operating results this quarter, helped drive a 90 basis point improvement in our return on invested capital. Suzanne will provide further comments on this and other aspects of our financial performance. Let's now turn to our view of the end markets and then we'll cover how, that influence our outlook for the full year. Broadly speaking, the demand environment improved considerably over the last few months. Construction starts, as measured by Dodge, got better along with other leading indicators, like the Dodge Momentum Index and ABI. Construction employment levels continue to improve as well. Residential construction remains the strongest end market. There is pent-up demand for houses and new subdivisions are being built with more to come. The market fundamentals of low interest rates and reduced supply are still in place, which foreshadows continued growth. Housing starts are growing faster in Vulcan-served markets. The outlook for our nonresidential end markets remains limited. However, our quote activity has increased and leading indicators are improving, which suggest that a turnaround is happening. The strongest nonresidential sector relates to e-commerce and technology and encompasses data centers, warehouses and distribution facilities. According to Dodge, 90% of the growth in this sector will occur in Vulcan-served markets. Majority of non-res starts currently fits within this category, but we believe, a strong residential market combined with an increasingly open economy will drive additional demand in other nonresidential sectors. With respect to highways, state budgets and lettings are progressing as anticipated. We are seeing the improvement in lettings from the second half of 2020, now turning to shipments. The COVID-19 relief funds have provided a backstop for any loss transportation revenues for highways. Our country's leadership continues to work on an infrastructure package. Both parties have proposed substantial increases in highway funding and this is a priority for both the Democrats and the Republicans. To summarize, our view of end markets, demand is improving. We see evidence of this both on the ground with our customers and in the data from leading indicators. As a result, we've upgraded our aggregates volume guidance for 2021 to a range of 1% to 4% growth compared to 2020. Excluding the gain on the sale of the California property, we now expect full year adjusted EBITDA of between $1.38 billion and $1.46 billion. As we look forward to consider opportunities, we have three paths to growth, with higher returns. Those paths are organic growth, M&A and greenfields. I'll take each in turn. First, organic growth is a critical part of any strategy, because it offers the most attractive and compelling value proposition on a risk-adjusted basis. We have the best geographic footprint in the industry and the best operators in the industry but we are not satisfied.  Our four strategic disciplines are designed to accelerate this organic growth strategy. And the benefits are clear as we grow our unit profitability. Second, we regularly review an active list of M&A targets. Last year the M&A market basically shut down. But it's reopened this year. We have a long history of making both large and small acquisitions when they are a good strategic fit. Since 2014, we've completed more than two dozen value-enhancing acquisitions in some of the fastest-growing markets in the country. And finally, we had a long and successful history of developing and opening new aggregate locations. This allows us to pinpoint the location of aggregates reserves in growth quarters where there is no acquisition opportunity. Additional benefits include more control over timing of capital investment and not paying a premium for the assets. We like having a balance between organic and inorganic growth. It provides a high degree of flexibility and is an important part of our capital allocation process and our ability to increase our return on invested capital. I'll now turn the call over to Suzanne for further comments.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks Tom, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to start by highlighting four key areas to consider this quarter. Our aggregates unit profitability expansion, return on invested capital, balance sheet strength and the California land sale. First, unit profitability. Our aggregates gross profit per ton increased by 12% to $4.82. We believe this is important because improving the operational profitability of existing locations generally comes with limited capital investment as compared to other growth engines. When the improvements are both sustainable and widespread across the footprint, significant value is created. Our strategic disciplines are making an impact and we have a good track record of execution. Over the past three years our compound annual growth rate for gross profit per ton was 7%. The second key area is return on invested capital. As Tom mentioned, the 90 basis point improvement in the quarter pushed our return to 14.8% for the trailing 12 months ended March 31. While a higher returns profile is always good, the way in which the improvement is achieved is also important. As an example, the first quarter's ROIC gain was comprised of a 1% increase in invested capital and a 7% increase in adjusted EBITDA. This further highlights the importance of the unit profitability discussed earlier. Over the past three years, our trailing 12 months ROIC has improved by 280 basis points, driven by a 4% compound annual growth rate in invested capital and an 11% compound annual growth rate in adjusted EBITDA. The third area is the balance sheet. Our balance sheet strength has created significant optionality and flexibility as we consider our capital allocation priorities, our balanced approach to growth and shareholder returns. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is 1.4 times, and we have nearly $900 million of cash on the balance sheet. Our debt has a weighted average maturity of 15 years, with no significant maturities in the near-term. And as always, we will continue to operate the business for the long term. We will not rush decisions to invest, just because extra capital is available. The last of the four key areas, I wanted to highlight, was the sale of the reclaimed quarry in Southern California. The sale generated $182 million of net proceeds and a pre-tax gain of $115 million. One of the strengths of our aggregates-focused business are the multiple opportunities to create value, and the life cycle of this quarry demonstrates that well. Now so far on the call, we focused entirely on the aggregates business. So let's shift briefly to non-aggregates. Gross profit in those segments collectively was $5.6 million in the quarter or $2 million less than last year. The severe weather mentioned earlier affected both asphalt volumes in Alabama, Tennessee and Texas, and concrete volumes in Virginia. Before I turn the call back over to Tom, I'll touch briefly on two more topics; diesel fuel costs, and a change in our effective tax rate. With respect to the cost of diesel, it really wasn't much of a factor in the quarter, because the unit price of diesel was relatively unchanged from last year's first quarter. For the full year, we now anticipate that the cost of diesel fuel will be a headwind of approximately $25 million, reflecting higher prices since the start of the year. The last time we spoke with you we expected that our effective tax rate for 2021 would be 21%. We now expect the full year rate to be between 23% and 24%, following a 27% rate in the first quarter. The higher rate in Q1 and the revised expectation for the full year resulted from Alabama's recent change in the law, which modified the methodology by which a company apportions income to the state. This change had the effect of reducing our ability to fully utilize certain net operating loss carry-forwards in Alabama. And as a result, we recorded a $14 million charge in the first quarter. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Tom for closing comments.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Suzanne. Before we go to Q&A, I want to again thank our employees for their hard work, for keeping each other safe, and for their dedication to servicing our customers, embracing our strategic disciplines, and making Vulcan better every day. We will continue to operate Vulcan for the long-term. This means, staying focused on our strong local execution, driving unit margin expansion, maintaining a strong financial position and improving our returns. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Stanley Elliott of Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning, everyone. Thank you guys for taking the call. Can you talk a little bit about what's happening on the cost structure? I mean going back to the Aggregates Day, you guys had a framework for volumes and EBITDA. Where you're tracking, kind of, the midpoint of the guide would imply that you're at least a year ahead of what you would talk about on the cost side. I don't know if that's just the last year pricing with COVID being the anomaly or something else that's driving it, but it is certainly nice to see. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yes. Good morning. It was an excellent operating quarter. The cost of -- cash cost was down 3% on flat production volumes. And what we're seeing Stanley is our operating disciplines at work. Most importantly, we kept our folks safe, but there were just good fundamental improvements in our key operating parameters, things like throughput plant availability, yield or labor and energy efficiencies. For example, I'll give you an example there 31 of our top 50 plants showed improvement in plant availability. And that's a big lever when it comes to cost. So my hat goes off to operators. Congratulations on a great start to the year. And we appreciate all the hard work, but it's a lot of smart work too. 
Suzanne Wood: Yes. And Stanley, I'd just add to that. We -- one of the themes of the Investor Day when we had it was that as Tom said we're going to focus on what we can control because you don't always have control over volumes and we certainly saw that in the last year with the pandemic and the uncertainty. So we've really pushed and our operators have embraced these operational efficiency initiatives and that discipline that Tom talked about. And that's really what you see coming through in the quarter because you should always have some measure of control over your cost.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking my questions today. And 12 years ago today Tom, Suzanne we started TRG and you guys were our very first earnings call as a company. So happy birthday to TRG. 
Suzanne Wood: Outstanding.
Kathryn Thompson: Switching to our DNA, which is infrastructure and public construction focus. Just one year after COVID began how would you describe state DOT health and outlook? And tying to that your thoughts on the infrastructure bill and the extension of the fab stat. What this means for Vulcan going forward? 
Tom Hill: Yes. So I would describe the state DOT budgets and lettings as simply back to normal. If you remember we saw a slowdown in lettings in the third quarter when revenues fell in Q2 of last year then lettings ramped back up in October and have stayed up. So the 2021 DOT budgets and lettings basically return to normal. You saw gas tax revenues return, you got the $10 billion of aid from the first COVID-19 relief packages. So basically 2021 back to normal. As we look forward to 2022 which in most states starts -- fiscal year starts July 1, it appears -- now they haven't finalized their budgets, but it appears the budgets again will be back to normal or as planned with overall growth. I would point out that four of our five top states will see funding growth we think in fiscal year 2022. So back to normal. On the highway bill, on the federal highway bill, I think, for me, the good news is, that our nation's infrastructure problem and potential solutions are on the front page of the paper every day. I think it's too early to say how much funding will be up. But regardless of whose plan you like, both plans show a considerable increase in funding for roads and bridges. And also, remember that in any definition of infrastructure, if its new construction, aggregates is going to be in the foundation. So it will help us, whether it's roads and bridges or other forms of infrastructure. So the bottom line is that we are -- I think we're likely to see an infrastructure package get done by the end of the year, with substantially increase in funding. And again, going back to your first question, don't forget that the state funding is up and will continue to get better. So, it looks like a bright future from an infrastructure perspective.
Kathryn Thompson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Jerry.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Jatin Khanna: Good morning, everyone. This is Jatin Khanna on behalf of Jerry Revich. We are hearing in other industries that concerns over drastically higher capital gains taxes are driving private players to the market this year. Are you seeing that dynamic play out? And can you also update us on your M&A pipeline overall?
Tom Hill: I'm sorry, I think, your question was about capital gains taxes. It was -- the connection wasn't great.
Jatin Khanna: Yes. So we are hearing in other industries that concerns over drastically higher capital gains taxes are driving private sellers to the market this year. Are you seeing that dynamic play out? And I also asked that, can you update us on your M&A pipeline overall.
Suzanne Wood: Sure. I'll let Tom comment on the update on the M&A pipeline. But with respect to whether or not capital gains tax and the potential changes proposed by the Biden Administration are driving sellers to the market, I mean that's something that you often hear come up as tax law potentially changes and as there's a pickup in M&A activity. In our view I mean it's possible. I certainly wouldn't say that it would have no impact. But in our experience, we typically see the driver, I mean, particularly in some of the small bolt-on acquisitions, as being sort of generational changes with ownership, as certain of the business leaders that have been running some of these smaller to mid-sized businesses decide that they want to have a look at succession planning, are their children going to be involved in the business, et cetera. We see that as the more typical driver of a potential seller into the M&A market.
Tom Hill: Yes, I don't think it will have a big impact on M&A. I mean, M&As picked up, but I don't think that's the catalyst.
Jatin Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Garik.
Garik Shmois: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to understand the guidance raise a little bit better. How much of the guidance is related to the 1Q strength, maybe relative to your initial plan? And then you did take up your volume outlook, but you also took up the view of diesel costs. So should we think of those two netting out the rest of the year. So, I guess, just trying to understand what's incremental in the overall EBITDA guidance this year relative to the 1Q performance.
Tom Hill: Well, I think the volume -- I'll address volume, it was up obviously 3%. It was driven by the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic. I think that at the end of the day, works just returning faster than we had expected. You heard us say on our February call that the big unknown in 2021 would be how quickly the jobs start back up. Good news is, it started faster than anticipated really in the non-residential and highway sector, and those were the big unknowns for us. So, as we got a little more clarity to that and how fast jobs are starting and what our backlog look like, it gave us confidence that we could up our volume guidance. So that was -- it was just -- the work -- we knew the work was there. It was how fast – how fast was it going to come back, and it just came back faster than we had expected. I think if you look at the cost guidance and there right now, we would say, low-single-digit built in our projection. That includes -- I think what you're seeing there is the inflationary pressures. Obviously, we call it out fuel. I think we have been around $10 million or so. We're now at $25 million and that's simply the price of diesel went up. So, the goal with cost is always flat costs. And I know our operators have a passion to do that and we think we can beat inflation. But right now, I think, we're -- that's our best estimate on cost to be low-single-digit.
Suzanne Wood: Yes, Garik, I'll just add something with respect to the volume guidance. As Tom said, when we last spoke to you in February, it really was around the fact that we wanted a bit more visibility around starts and what was coming in the market, because we were still a bit early in the process. And so, it really for us was a combination of seeing the growth in the first quarter. As Tom said, some of those postponed jobs starting to come back online, input from our customers what we were seeing across the footprint in all the markets, but also from a macro perspective, we have a number of leading indicators we looked at, that are all turning in the positive direction. And just, as examples, we look at construction, unemployment. We look at ABI, the index, as kind of a trend indicator, even though it can be volatile month-to-month. We are a big believer in Dodge starts on a total dollars basis. That's growing again in our markets, and we also look at the Dodge Momentum Index, which is sort of an indicator for non-res. So, when you put all that together, including our own internal metrics, it gave us the confidence to look at what happened in the first quarter and take that forward based on some of those indicators that I mentioned.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Mike Dahl: … for taking my question. Suzanne, I actually just wanted to follow-up on the volume questions and maybe Tom as well. I understand that 1Q is seasonally a relatively small quarter for you, but given the strength to start the year, some easier comps over the next couple of quarters and your comments about the moment in the business. The low-end of that volume guide actually still seems fairly conservative. Can you just walk through kind of why wouldn't volume be even stronger at this point given what you're talking about and maybe some of the puts and takes you could elaborate on?
Suzanne Wood: Sure. No, it's a very good question. I mean you've heard us say this lots of times. I mean we always try to be thoughtful in our guidance. We like to give a range and then talk about what would put you at the lower end of the range or what might happen and put you at the upper end of the range. And as always, when we look at that lower end of the range the plus one on volume, I mean it's really driven by your comment. I mean look, it's first quarter. That's typically the smallest quarter. It's seasonally affected. And when you look out toward third quarter you do have the severe weather events that could potentially have some impact. So we want to be a bit cautious about that. On the higher side of the volume, the plus 4% again -- if we see the starts and other work opportunities, job opportunities out there come to pass I mean we could definitely be at that level. So it's really around non-res and just exactly how quickly that comes back. So could we be a bit better? I guess possibly. But I think that for now based on what we know and what we see in all those internal and external indicators, we are comfortable with the one to four range. I think we thoughtfully considered everything we know and I think it's exactly the right place for us to be as we sit here on May 4. And as we look forward in second quarter look, we'll have a look and see where we are then. But I think it's important not to get ahead of ourselves and it's a quarter-by-quarter process of looking at it. 
Mike Dahl: Okay. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Trey Grooms of Stephens. 
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Trey Grooms: Thanks for taking my question. So I guess on pricing here you mentioned that pricing improved sequentially in March and you expect this to continue through the year. And you also increased your outlook for diesel costs this year which typically leads to more pricing. So similar to Mike's question a minute ago on the volume, is there opportunity for pricing to maybe move to the higher end or maybe even above the higher end of the range that -- you didn't adjust the pricing range of up 2% to 4%, but is there - could there be opportunity there? And how should we be thinking about the price cadence given the timing of fixed price -- excuse me fixed plant pricing? Is there step functions, or would it be fairly linear as we look through the year? 
Tom Hill: So Trey you called it out. Always, if you look at inflationary pressures and diesel coupled with better visibility to rising demand that's always good for price. And I mean that's like two of the fundamentals things that are really good for price. So I'd call pricing in the quarter as expected. Q1 we're working off work that we bid in the middle of pandemic, when price increases were not as robust because of uncertainty, and there's a lot of uncertainty if you think back a year. And as we said in Q2 we would accelerate prices through the year. Our April fixed plant prices are now in effect and went as expected. So prices will continue to grow through the year. And that's what we expected. And that's what we're seeing. I do think that pricing will -- as you say will climb, due to both, fuel and inflation and demand returning. Our bid work pricing is moving up faster now, because of inflationary pressures particularly diesel and logistics challenges. And then, we're now having more conversations about a second price increase or a mid-year price increase, depending on the market with our customers. And they get that based on both, fuel and inflationary pressures. And I would like to say, their profitabilities are now -- their bid work is -- their price is going up because of both the same thing both, inflationary pressures and visibility to demand. At the same time, and we all know that pricing is critical for all of us, but at the same time, remember, it's only part of the unit margin arithmetic. Unit margin is still the most important metric. And I believe, our teams have done a really good job implementing those four strategic disciplines. Our cash gross profit per ton went up by 9% in the quarter. And that's a good job. Because it was a combination of volume, price and cost.
Trey Grooms: Yeah. Thank you for the color, Tom. I appreciate it. And best of luck. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Keith Hughes of Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Most of my questions have been asked. But I just want to turn back to the nonresidential comments. You've given some color of -- in the industry, what kind of projects could be coming. I guess my question given the outlook and the type of projects are there variability in terms of when those actually become shipments for you whether it's a data center versus an office building? And any kind of aggregate intensity that you would find amongst those different projects that could be coming in the market?
Tom Hill: Yeah that's insightful. So non-res is definitely improving. And as you point out, it's led by the e-commerce, and warehouses, and distribution centers and that heavy part of non-residential construction is more aggregate-intensive just because, it's flat. And there's a lot of flat work. And so the aggregate intensity is higher. But what's interesting in what we're seeing in that heavy side is those jobs are going faster. So the time from when they're let or when their bid to the time they're working, is much faster than what we traditionally see in non-res. And that was a little bit of the change in our outlook for the year. We saw those non-res jobs just starting faster than we expected. Now, we're also seeing jobs that were postponed in the pandemic start again -- start up. And you couple that with -- we're starting to see green shoots on traditional non-res that's following subdivision construction. So in general non-res is on the min. But to your point, the heavy side is more aggregate-intensive and it does tend to start faster.
Keith Hughes: Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Josh Wilson of Raymond James.
Josh Wilson: Good morning, Tom, Suzanne. Congrats on the quarter. And thanks for taking my question.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Josh Wilson: Most of my questions have been answered as well, but on the inflation side of things, could you also address maybe what you're seeing on the labor side and also in asphalt costs?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So while our market outlook is really exciting with the growth from a volume perspective, there's always there's going to be challenges and right now it's inflationary pressures, labor and logistics. And we're addressing these now. And our four strategic disciplines will allow us to mitigate these challenges faster. And I'll take them in turn. Inflation, the aggregates business has the ability to beat inflation for a couple of reasons. It allows us an avenue for price and we own – our largest cost, which is the rock in the ground. And we believe that our good operating efficiencies supported by our operating disciplines will help offset inflation. Labor, again our operating excellence program improves efficiencies. But also we've really accelerated employee training and development. And that retains employees, that attracts employees and gets new employees up to speed faster, which is very important and keeps them safe. And then on the logistics front, if you remember future truck shortages were one of the catalysts behind our logistics innovation efforts. And that allows us to truck more efficiently and we can beat those challenges actually with technology-driven efficiencies. So our – those are four strategic disciplines are designed to take advantage of tailwinds but also to dampen the effects of headwinds, so that we can live up to the potential for our shareholders. And I think that's what you'll see over the next year. We'll take advantage of the volume and potentially pricing tailwinds but will offset the headwinds of inflation, labor and logistic challenges.
Josh Wilson: Thanks. Good luck with the next quarter.\
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Collin Verron: Hi. This is actually, Collin Verron on for Phil. A great start to the year. Thank you for taking my question. So you called out cost control as a driver of gross profit margin and unit margin improvement in the ags business in the quarter. Just given the increase in volumes and pricing you're expecting, as well as your outlook for higher diesel fuel costs, can you provide color on how you're thinking about the year-over-year change in aggregates gross margins and unit margins through the remainder of the year?
Tom Hill: Yes. So I would probably call out in the range of mid-single digit. And if you put that together that meets our range in price that's out there. I would call out probably low single-digit – flat to low single-digit in cost. And at this point we think all that's achievable.
Collin Verron: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Tom, Mark, Suzanne.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Tom, I was intrigued about your comments about your balanced look at allocation and talking about the greenfield opportunities. Maybe you could share a little bit more on timing. What's in like current plan in your CapEx budget for this? Are the projects – I assume they're much longer dated size, scale, of what could happen? And is there anything that's imminent that you're looking at that would require over the next several years your quite a bit of capital to boomers or a lot of opportunities? Just want to get a sense of how you're thinking that when you balance it relative to your organic and certainly the M&A opportunities?
Tom Hill: Yes. So if you just step back and look at growth, if you remember in 2020, the M&A growth really dried up. We've seen a marked pickup in 2021. And as always, we're going to be both opportunistic and disciplined about our approach to acquisitions. It's got to fit us. So when it comes to growth, I'd actually take a broader view as you talked about and look at Vulcan's ability to grow. And it's unique because it's balanced. And then there's -- we talked about the three avenues. One was acquisitions. And look, we're the largest most probable aggregates producer we're going to get the call, when it's something for sale, but we have to be disciplined and we have to do the work to pay the right price for the right assets.  Number two would be opening Greenfield facilities and -- Greenfield is opening a new facility. Greenfield is a -- it's difficult to do and requires a lot of hard, smart work. You have to go out and define the growth quarters. You have to overlay that with geology. You have to go procure the land, you have to get the permits. And then you have to build the right facility at the right time. And the reason for that Greenfields are so important is that, as you look at the growth quarter, there may not be an acquisition target available to best supply that growth quarter hence the Greenfield. But just -- you have to have the know-how and it's hard to do and you have to do the hard work. There's nothing easy about it and you have to time it right.  And then the last in the third quarter we talked about was organic growth. And you've heard me talk endlessly about our four strategic disciplines and we're excited about them because they're important. And this has to be done with its design and planning and discipline. And it's important because it's -- from a shareholder's perspective because it's lower risk and higher returns. And for us it's working. You look at our numbers over the last couple of years, you see us accelerate our growth in unit margins. And so that balanced approach for us is so important. And don't forget that we also have the balance sheet to execute on this. 
Michael Dudas: Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Timna Tanners of Bank of America. 
Timna Tanners: Good morning, guys.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Timna.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to ask two questions. One was on -- just you did highlight that the infrastructure proposals as they stand both focus on increased spending on roads. But one thing we struggled with is trying to understand some of the auxiliary spending and especially in the Biden proposal and what that might mean for aggregates, if you've done any work on that or have any thoughts. So in either proposal what that might mean? And the second question is, if you have any updated information for us on how the Board is looking at the dividend? I know you just raised it, but just any new thoughts there would be great? 
Tom Hill: Yes. So I'll talk about highways and let Suzanne talk about dividend. I think that what's important in infrastructure and I said this when we talked about the highway bill. In the Biden plan, anything that is new construction you have to have aggregates in the foundation. And now obviously, we love roads and highways because they're most aggregate-intensive. But anything that is new construction, you got to have aggregates in it. So if you look at alternative energy solutions, we're actually a big provider for the foundations for alternative energy, which has been a good business for us for years, so we welcome that also. 
Suzanne Wood: Timna, I'll just address the dividend question. Look, the dividend is very important to us and it's very important to our shareholders and we want to make absolutely certain that we maintain the dividend. It's a very good way of increasing shareholder returns. And as you noted, I mean, the company has continued to increase that year-over-year. And as we've said, it is -- we think about it in almost a progressive kind of way. And by that I mean, we will continue to grow the dividend at the Board's discretion to a level that we are absolutely certain that we can maintain through the cycle, because what we absolutely do not want to do is have shifts and changes in that dividend. So when you're talking about an ordinary dividend, the ability to maintain that level is absolutely critical, and that's what we're focused on. When you look at our cash-generation capabilities if you look at our operating cash flows over the trailing 12 months, cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion. That's up about 20% year-over-year. So I think you can tell by the strong cash generation capabilities that we have that we should -- again at the Board's discretion, but we should be in a position to continue the view I just described on dividend growth.
Timna Tanners: Yes. Absolutely. It's a high quality problem, but your share price is going up so strongly means that the dividend yield is being kind of small.
Suzanne Wood: Yes.
Timna Tanners : So here you're pointing through the cycle. But the free cash flow has been pretty steady now actually even through this latest correction, so curious on that. And, I guess, you didn't have -- oh, I'm sorry go ahead. 
Suzanne Wood: No, I was just going to say you're right. It is a quality problem to have. I mean, what we've been very focused on with our disciplines, and focus on unit profitability, et cetera is making sure that that free cash flow is stable, it's increasing because when you have a high degree of confidence in your free cash flow generation then you can do good things with your capital allocation priorities. And that was really the first step and I think we've accomplished that and we'll look forward for additional opportunities to improve the company's ROIC.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Fair. And Tom on the question I had earlier, is there anything that you can provide in terms of rule of thumb in terms of green energy? I mean, offshore I imagine is less than certainly some of the solar and onshore wind. But is there anything about aggregates per project or anything that you can provide for us in terms of guidance?
Tom Hill: It's hard to do a rule of thumb. I would just say that the wind energy is very aggregate-intensive, because you're not just putting in the foundations which are massive for those wind mills you're also putting all the logistics network all the roads and utilities for those wind mills. So it's -- the wind energy is very aggregate-intensive.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: Good morning. Good morning guys. A great start to the year. I guess, my biggest question Tom would just be on aggregates pricing. And there's so much inflation throughout the entire construction chain right now. I mean, when do you think we break out of this low single-digit range that we've been in for a while for aggregates pricing?
Tom Hill: I think you'll see us march that up as we progress through the year. I think we get the question a lot of times can you get to double-digit price increases and I think…
Adam Thalhimer: Yes, yes, yes. That's what I want to know.
Tom Hill: So to answer the question we have the history will tell you, yes, and we have done it before. I think --but you got to -- you guys see an average of some 60 markets pricing all put together, and each market marches to a different cadence. And so what we'll do is we'll push price really hard in the market for a while, and then you may have to pause, and let folks, catch up and then you'll push it again. And to get to that double-digit number all the stars have to line up at once. Can that happen? Yes. Would I advise that? No. So -- but I would say this much. The pricing environment has improved dramatically. And as I said a little bit earlier, you got both demand visibility and you've got -- now you've got inflationary pressures both of which are good for pricing. So we'll plug at it all year. I think -- and obviously we'll -- we get towards the end of the year, we'll have a better view for 2022. And don't forget, as we said, we're still working off some work that we bid in the middle of the pandemic when price increases were not as healthy as they are today. So we'll get past that and we'll plow. But yes, we would love to see double-digit pricing. I would also tell you that's very hard to do, not impossible, but very difficult.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Hill: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: You talked about the guidance raise being partly driven by job shipping and starting faster than expected. I'm just wondering if that was really pronounced or concentrated in any specific state or end market? And just generally, how the 2021 volume growth outlook for ags maybe breaks out between your end markets?
Tom Hill: I think that if you look at really what's happening in the end markets, it's pretty normalized across our footprint. You've got residential which is very, very good. You got non-res which is returning driven by the heavy side. We're starting to see green shoots on the light side. On highways, the jobs that will bid and the fourth quarter just have returned faster. Remember, Q3 was down as the DOTs were trying to start the year and see what was going to happen. And then infrastructure, non-highway infrastructure, I would call it flat to improving. You had pressures from revenues, but they've come back and you've got COVID relief that will kick in probably by the end of this year beginning of next year. I think that if I've had to pick a market, I'd say the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic states were the strongest. You had Illinois down and Texas down and Northern California down. That was really weather-driven. I mean cold frigid weather in Texas and then -- and Illinois and wet weather in Northern California. So if I had to pick areas, it would be the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic, but I would tell you that the quarter was more -- the volumes were down were more weather-driven not demand driven. And I would call out improving in all of our markets.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Paul Roger of Exane.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Paul Roger: Hi, Suzanne. Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Roger: So I've just got one question then. It's maybe slightly less feel compared to the rest of the Q&A. And it's basically looking at the environmental agenda and the fact that that's obviously going up in the US. Can you talk a bit about the risk and opportunities that brings? And maybe specifically what impact would the increase use of recycled aggregates have on Vulcan?
Tom Hill: If you look at the environmental piece for Vulcan, we've been doing this a long time and been doing it well for a long time. But if you step back and just look at for example greenhouse gas, our effect for us the -- our greenhouse gas emissions are actually for a construction materials company very low. And we're -- even with that being said, we are improving our footprint. We are looking at renewable energies. We're also -- we're probably about -- 25% of our mobile equipment has the new engines in it which have less emissions and we will plug-in that every year to improve it. So I think we've got a great story to tell. I think we're -- but even that being said, we're working hard to improve it.
Paul Roger: And on the recycled aggregates side, I mean, that was one of the things we saw when the green agenda really took off in Europe. Presumably that's negative for virgin aggregates and potentially margin is it?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So if you're referring to recycle, we are a big recycler. We, obviously, are in the concrete-recycling business. We're also -- with our asphalt business we're a big recycler of asphalt. So it is part of our makeup and it is growing.
Suzanne Wood: And I would just -- yeah, I would just add to that, Paul that in terms of highways, the formulas that are used for the asphalt there, it varies by state but you're only able to use a certain amount of recycled material there. So you have to be cautious as to what you're doing and we're very happy as Tom indicated to be in the recyclable business, but it is not a replacement for virgin asphalt in many of the applications.
Paul Roger: Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Zane Karimi of D.A. Davidson.
Zane Karimi: Thanks for the color so far. I was just hoping to go into a little more detail on your outlook in particularly what you're seeing in California and Texas. Like what is driving activity in these markets? And how is your outlook -- how has it really changed from last quarter to this? And are you seeing stronger drivers in infrastructure or nonresi for a potential upside from here?
Tom Hill: For both of them, I would tell you we are seeing growth. Remember California if you -- California first. 2020 was a really difficult year in California. You had the pandemic. Northern California was the most severe shelter in place. On top of that you had the rolling power outages from the fires, which caused severe cement shortages. I would tell cost of cement tied in California but nothing like it was last year. So much improvement in California just from ability to do business. It's opened up and you don't have rolling power outages or cement shortages. But that being said, highways are up, residential is up and strong, nonres is improving and infrastructure is recovering both with revenues coming back and with COVID relief help. Texas, obviously, a rough start with the frigid weather in Texas. But that -- putting that aside highways are very strong in Texas. Res is very strong in Texas. Nonres is improving, again driven by the heavy. And the non-infrastructure is also improving. So both in California and Texas, we see much improved markets and ability to do business.
Zane Karimi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Tom for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Yeah. Thank you very much for your time and interest in Vulcan this morning. We'll continue to make good progress on our long-term goals and we look forward to sharing the news with you over the quarter and for quarters to come. Have a nice day and stay healthy and safe.
Suzanne Wood: Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vulcan Materials Company's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Laurie, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions]. Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year earnings call. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release and a supplemental presentation posted to our website, vulcanmaterials.com. Additionally, a recording of this call will be available for replay later today at our website financial please be reminded that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in our earnings release, our supplemental presentation and other SEC filings. As the operator indicated, please limit your Q&A participation to one question. This will help maximize participation during our time together. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. We hope you and your families are and will continue to be safe and healthy. 2020 represented another year of strong earnings growth for Vulcan, despite the many challenges associated with the pandemic. Our results demonstrated the strength, flexibility and resilient nature of our aggregates business. But most of all, 2020 demonstrated the commitment of Vulcan employees as they face uncertainty and had to make adjustments both in their professional and their personal lives.  Our team stayed focused on operating safely, servicing our customers and making progress on our 4 strategic disciplines. Congratulations on a job well done. In a few minutes, Suzanne will share some fourth quarter highlights with you, but first, I'd like to summarize our full year 2020 accomplishments and discuss broad themes and where we are headed.  Our full year financial results were strong. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 4% to $1.324 billion, and EBITDA margin expanded by 150 basis points. Cash generation continued to be strong with operating cash flows increasing by 9% to $1.1 billion. And finally, one of our principal measures, return on invested capital, improved by 40 basis points to 14.3%. These results were particularly noteworthy considering our annual aggregates volume declined by 3% as compared to 2019. Higher average selling prices and effective cost control were key drivers of this performance.  Aggregates pricing improved by just over 3% on both a reported and mixed adjusted basis. Importantly, these pricing gains were widespread across our footprint. Our total cost of sales per ton increased by 2%, while our unit cash cost of sales, which is more controllable, only grew by 1%. This led to a 5.5% gain in our aggregates cash gross profit per ton. At $7.11, we are making good progress toward our longer-term goal of $9 per ton. This improvement in unit profitability was supported by our 4 strategic disciplines: Commercial excellence; operations excellence; logistics innovation; and strategic sourcing. We also experienced improvements in each of our non-aggregates business segments. Collectively, gross profit improved 12% across these 3 segments. Europe profitability increased in both asphalt and concrete. Asphalt gross profit increased $12 million or 19% over the prior year, even though volumes declined 7%. This improvement in profitability resulted from stable sales prices and lower liquid asphalt cost. Our ready-mix concrete unit profitability increased 8%. Average selling prices increased by 2% and volume declined by 5%, primarily as a result of the cement shortages in California. The higher profitability in each of our business segments and our improving overall EBITDA margin set us up well for 2021. We are well positioned to take advantage of market opportunities in our geographic footprint. The demand environment is also improving, particularly in residential construction and highway construction. Let's take each market segment in turn.  Residential continues to show strength, especially in single family. The market fundamentals of low interest rates and reduced supply suggests that the growth will continue. This represents a clear opportunity for us as both permits and starts are growing faster in Vulcan-served markets.  Highway lettings and awards returned to growth in the fourth quarter. State DOT budgets have stabilized, with most of our states showing budgets flat to up from 2020. The caution in this market segment is that it will require time to turn awards into shipments given the midyear 2020 loan awards due to the pandemic. While timing of shipments is a variable, we will see improvement in highway shipments throughout 2021. As we said in the third quarter, the near-term outlook for the nonresidential construction sector provides the least forward visibility. Dodge construction starts are still down year-over-year, but certainly, indicators are beginning to improve, perhaps signaling that potential improvement is just around the corner. Weakness lingers in the office space and hospitality related sectors, but there is growth in the heavier nonresidential categories like distribution facilities and data centers. In fact, warehouses are now the largest nonresidential category as measured by square feet and represent approximately 1/3 of construction awards. These projects are typically more aggregate intensive, and 90% of the near-term growth in this sector will occur in Vulcan serviced states according to Dodge. The administration and Congress are committed to an infrastructure-led economic recovery and have indicated that they will focus on an infrastructure built next after the COVID-19 relief package. Clearly, our leading market positions will mean broad participation in infrastructure-related spending. We believe demand for aggregates will continue to improve as we progress through 2021. That being said, the timing of shipments to highway projects and nonresidential construction projects remains a variable. We consider these factors as we thought about our 2021 prospects and guidance. That said, we expect our adjusted EBITDA to be between $1.34 billion and $1.44 billion. We anticipate 2021 aggregate shipments could fall in a range of a 2% decline to a 2% increase as compared to 2020. Regardless of volume swings, we will improve our full year unit profitability in aggregates. We expect aggregates freight adjusted average selling prices to increase by 2% to 4% in 2021. And gross profit in our non-aggregate segments was forecast to improve by mid-single to mid-high single digits. To sum it up, 2021 will turn out to be a year of solid earnings growth. Now I'll turn it over to Suzanne for further comments. Suzanne?
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everyone. Before I discuss fourth quarter 2020 highlights, I'll fill in some additional details on our 2021 guidance. We made significant reductions in our selling, general and administrative expenses in 2020. We expect to further leverage our overhead cost in 2021 and anticipate our SG&A expenses to be between $365 million and $375 million. We anticipate interest expense to approximate $130 million for the full year. Barring any changes to federal tax law, our effective tax rate will be about 21%. The category of depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization expenses will be around $400 million.  Now with respect to capital expenditures, we invested $361 million in 2020. We expect to spend between $450 million and $475 million in 2021. This includes fully restarting and advancing growth projects that were delayed last spring, such as the opening of a new quarry in California, capacity expansion at other quarries and improvements to our logistics and distribution network. It also reflects a catch-up of operating CapEx that was postponed at the start of the pandemic. As always, we'll carefully monitor the economic environment and adjust our capital spending as necessary.  As you model, you'll note that the combination of our assumptions for 2021 leads to another healthy year of cash generation. I'll now give a little color on the fourth quarter of 2020.  Adjusted EBITDA was $311 million, up 4% from last year's fourth quarter. Aggregates volume declined by 1%, while reported pricing increased by 3% and mix adjusted pricing by 2%. Costs were slightly higher in the quarter due to additional stripping costs in advance of future shipping growth and the timing of repairs. There were 2 items that affected the comparability of our fully diluted earnings per share in both the fourth quarter and full year 2020 as compared to those same periods in 2019. First, we recorded a onetime noncash pension settlement charge of $23 million or $0.13 per diluted share in connection with a voluntary lump sum distribution of benefits to certain fully vested plan participants. This liability management action will benefit future pension expense and funding requirements. And second, the tax rate for fourth quarter and full year 2020 was higher than in the comparable periods in 2019. Last year, the tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and R&D credits were greater than the same benefits in 2020. The resulting EPS effect was $0.04 per diluted share in the fourth quarter and $0.18 per diluted share for the full year.  Moving on to the balance sheet. Our financial position remains very strong, with a weighted average debt maturity of 13 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio was 1.6x as of December 31, reflecting $1.2 billion of cash on hand. Approximately $500 million of this cash will be used to repay a debt maturity coming due next month. As Tom mentioned, our cash flow was robust in 2020 and contributed to year-over-year leverage reduction. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the pandemic and the resulting slowdown in economic activity, M&A was lighter than usual in 2020. We returned $206 million to shareholders through increased dividends and share repurchases. Our capital allocation priorities which have helped to drive an improvement of 220 basis points and our return on invested capital over the last 3 years remain unchanged.  And now I'll turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Suzanne. Before we go to Q&A, I would like to thank our investors our customers and our Vulcan family for their support during a challenging year. We will continue to operate Vulcan for the long-term and our focus on building an even stronger and more profitable business. We know that our leading market positions and our aggregates-focused business are strengths, along with our strong balance sheet. When combined with the execution capabilities that we demonstrated in 2020 as well as solid long-term fundamentals, we are excited about our future. While there may be challenges in 2021, we have confidence in its potential. Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Trey Grooms of Stephens Inc.
Trey Grooms: Tom, I appreciate your comments in the prepared remarks there on the end markets. But maybe if you could walk us through some of the puts and takes around the aggregates volume outlook for this year of a 2% decline to a 2% increase and maybe how you can get to the low end versus the high end of that guide?
Tom Hill: Yes. I'll start with just kind of stepping back and looking at the year 2021. As you saw, our guidance was negative 2% to positive 2% on volume. I would tell you that the aggregate demand outlook is improving and it seems to get brighter kind of week in and week out. And we would expect shipments to continue to improve sequentially as we march through 2021.  Residential construction is very good and continues to grow. At the same time, heavy nonresidential construction is good, and it's important because of its aggregate intensity. At the same time, light nonresidential construction has been a challenge, and I think will be a headwind for us in the first half of 2021 probably getting better later in the year. And then highway lettings are much better. They were much better in the fourth quarter, and we think they'll continue to be strong throughout 2021. So this all adds up to starts and demand picture improving and will continue to prove as we march through the year. But as you know, the demand outlook environment due to the pandemic has been quite volatile. So as we set our guidance to you, for 2021, we try to be both transparent and thoughtful about 2 really important things with a given that we know residential is strong and growing. So the first one of those is nonresidential construction shipments. We know warehouses and distribution centers are good. They're growing. They're intensive. They're aggregate intensive. We believe that overall, non-res has stabilized from the fall we saw throughout 2020. Now how fast that returns, we don't know. The other thing that we're seeing now, which is a bright spot is we're seeing the LNG projects start to pop up on the Gulf Coast that were postponed from last year.  So we'll just have to see what transpires with the rest of nonresidential construction. And then the second thing we try to be thoughtful about was the timing of highway work. Lettings were -- if you remember, were light in Q3 of last year's DOTs tried to assess their funds or what was going to happen to their budgets. As once that stabilized, Q4 saw great lettings as should Q1 and the rest of 2021 as most DOTs have verified that their budgets will be up to flat to up. And so the question is, how fast are those lettings and those projects go to work. As I said, we think it will be back half loaded. All said, in all markets, our outlook is improving kind of week-over-week as the pandemic improves, so getting better, but still some things we got to watch.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Tom, could you talk about maybe expectations for replacement of the FAST Act in terms of potential timing, magnitude and when that could ultimately impact your volumes?
Tom Hill: Yes. So we believe that Congress is going to pass a new highway bill with an increase in funding in 2021. And I would probably give you that in 3 buckets. One that the Biden administration, their agenda has infrastructure next on the list after the COVID-19 build. So it is a priority.  Second, if you go to the House and Senate, Senator Carper, who is Chair of the EPW Committee and then Congressman DeFazio, who's Chair of the House T&I Committee, both have said they want draft bills out of committee before August -- before the August recess. And the reason they want to do that is they want to target passing a bill before the expiration of the FAST Act at the end of September. So the administration is on it. The Congress and House is on it.  And then third, remember that funding should increase as highway funding right now is starting from a position of strength. So in 2021, the funding is up $12 billion year-over-year to $59 billion. $2 billion of that is an increase from appropriations, $10 billion of that is from COVID relief. This starts the highway funding baseline from a higher point and no one on the hill wants to reduce funding for highways. So we believe that we'll see it before the end of the year, hopefully before the expiration of the FAST Act, and we'll think it will be at higher levels.
Anthony Pettinari: Great. Great. That's very helpful. And then just maybe switching gears. We're obviously seeing historically cold weather in the U.S. South and some middle parts of the country. As well as some power outages in states like Texas and some other places that you operate. Understanding the situation is very dynamic. I'm just wondering if you could help us understand what you're seeing on the ground and maybe potential impact if this could be more along with.
Tom Hill: Well, in Central Alabama, it's snowing this morning. But look, it's the first quarter. It's January, February, March. It's the smallest quarter. You're going to have weather. I would tell you that this is not a lot different from a big week of rain. You just -- you have an interruption, the demand doesn't go away. It is interrupted in the first part of the year, and we'll catch it up. So I chalk it up to the first quarter and would not read a lot into it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Really focusing a little bit more on the state DOT side, our state revenue report which focuses on many of your states are showing much better general fund collections. And you also noted in your prepared commentary of the better. DOT trends. From our perspective, California, Georgia, Illinois, are looking pretty good going into '22. I wanted to get your thoughts on that? And could you give color on these states, other states that are important for you, like Texas, Virginia and Florida. And layering on top of that, what if any impact does the current administration's green focus have on how state dots are planning their future projects?
Tom Hill: I'm sorry, I missed the last part, are planning what?
Kathryn Thompson: Their future projects. So just with the Biden administration folks on green.
Tom Hill: As we said, we've got a little bit of a gap with lettings down in Q3. They came storming back in Q4. If you look at the trailing 6-month and trailing 3-month starts, they're up double digits. So that's really good news. Based on the state DOT budgets, which you pointed out, improvements in those budgets, we should see growth, we should see improvement in highway work and should grow as we march through 2021, particularly as we see those lettings in the fourth quarter talk to mature the shipments.  The majority of our 20 states will see funding and lettings up for fiscal year 2021, particularly as you pointed out, important states like Texas and California, and really importantly, our southeastern states, which are either up year-over-year or they're flat from '19, which was -- excuse me, flat from '20 which saw a big jump from '19. So really good solid funding. We're past the interruption of the pandemic. And then you've got the $10 billion of COVID-19 relief funds for highways. More than half of that $10 billion will be spent in Vulcan served states and support growth. Some of that in 2021, although it presently appears that the majority of those funds will support shipments in '22, maybe going a little bit into '23. So all of this, I'd tell you, is good news, and we still have to let the shipments catch up with the recently improved lettings. So we could see this, I would tell you, probably a little better in Q3 and Q4 maybe within Q1. But good news, and it has stabilized, and now we're starting -- the funding is growing, and we think the Feds will support that later in the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nishu Sood of UBS.
Nishchal Sood: So I wanted to ask first about the SAG, the guidance for roughly $370 million. So returning to 2019 levels, can you just talk about some of the dynamics there? Are you assuming a full return to pre-pandemic cost structures? I'm sure there was some unusual reduction in expenses last year, or do you think there are some expenses that you're anticipating will be sustainably lower going forward?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. We are definitely not expecting a return to the prior cost structure. I mean, for the year, we reduced our SAG costs by $11 million or 3%. And we talked about that previously. I mean, basically, we benefited from some cost reduction actions that we took right at the end of 2019 as well as some ongoing initiatives that we put in place during the pandemic in 2020 and certainly contributing to some of that certainly not all of it was lower T&E. And as we talked about in the third quarter, I mean that's really an area where this year, depending on what happens with vaccine distribution, et cetera. I mean, we may see a little bit of an increase, but we certainly are not going to return to the old normal there.  We've learned a lot during this time as have a lot of other companies about different, more efficient ways of communicating and accomplishing what we need to do. So we are always looking for ways to leverage SAG. I suspect we will continue to find some more of those as we go through. The range that we set if you look at the midpoint of the range in terms of SAG as a percentage of revenue, that's 7.3%, just a tick under 7.4%. So we'll see where we get to in the year. But certainly, as we did last year, we continue to look for ways to reduce that, and that improvement really sort of accelerated through the year. And if we find that we're doing a little better-than-expected as we go through the year, then we'll update the guidance.
Nishchal Sood: Got you. Got you. And then also on the non-aggregates businesses, you had a very strong performance in 2020 with the increase in gross profit despite the lower revenues, the mid-single-digit to high single-digit continued increase. So building upon that. Can you just walk us through -- I imagine you're assuming some resumption of revenue growth. Some of the input costs like liquid asphalt might be a little bit higher. So just wondering if you could walk us through some of the drivers on that mid- to high single-digit growth in the gross profits.
Tom Hill: Sure. That mid-single high digit -- mid- to high single-digit growth is really driven primarily by asphalt, and I would tell you, it's really driven by volume in asphalt, which is improved DOT work. And what happens in those states where we're producing asphalt, places like Texas, California, Arizona, Alabama and Tennessee. And it's just -- it's bigger jobs and more work, simply that. Ready-mix, we have it up slightly with -- and it's really more unit margin-driven than volume-driven.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I just wanted to ask, really impressive outlook for aggregates gross profit growth of $70 million on flat volumes, so essentially pricing dropping down to the bottom line. But I know you're going to be facing a headwind from diesel costs, labor inflation. So can you just talk about what's allowing you to offset those inflationary items of, call it, $50 million, $60 million that still allows you to drop down the pricing straight to the bottom line?
Tom Hill: Yes, I'm not sure I'd go headwinds. I think our headwinds are less than that. But if you look at our guidance for unit margins and the cost piece of unit margins, it's underpinned really by our focus on our operating disciplines and processes. We -- if you look back, we saw our aggregates operating efficiencies last year, whether that's throughput, plant availability, later efficiencies improve. At the same time, we had -- if you look at yield and energy efficiencies, they were mostly flat to slightly down, really due to production volumes being volatile and some product split issues on yield all of which were, I would tell you, pandemic related.  So as we look forward to 2021, we'd expect a headwind of the diesel prices that impact us in some -- I'd tell you some $10 million to $20 million. But in spite of this, we would expect our unit cash cost for aggregates to be flat to maybe up a little bit. And it's really supported by our operating strategic disciplines that we've been working on in those processes that we've been putting in for the last 2 years. I would tell you that I'm really proud of our operators, first of all, for keeping each other safe and healthy in a tough year and working through a tough year, but also their relentless quest for continuous improvement in those drivers of our operating efficiencies that drive your cost savings. They make -- really are making an impact on what we're seeing on our unit margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl: A couple of things you just answered, especially on the cost. So that was helpful color. I guess just on the volume piece within aggs, you gave some good commentary on kind of end markets. But if we're thinking about cadence through the year, any comments around kind of cadence that we should be thinking about first half versus second half from a volume perspective in aggs within the guide?
Tom Hill: Yes, I would expect second half will be heavily loaded. But I would also tell you, Mike, that I would think as we progress through the year kind of month in and month out, week in and week out, that we'll see improvements. And what you're seeing there is improvements of the overall view of the world. And so whether it's nonres projects, that people have confidence in to start back up or whether it's highway projects that are maturing because they've been let and now they're kicking in. I think you'll see that sequential improvement as we march through 2021.
Michael Dahl: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on that sequential improvement. Obviously, there is still some seasonality, right? And I think there was a question earlier around the weather. But just to be clear, in terms of sequential improvement, that's not a comment that we should expect volumes up sequentially each quarter relative to 4Q, right?
Tom Hill: No. What I would -- what I'm comparing it to is the quarter in the prior year. So Q1, Q2 may be up a little more than Q2 last year versus what Q1 was and so forth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng: I guess, a few of your peers on the heavy side have reported, actually, they're expecting low to mid single-digit growth in 2021. Appreciating the range you've provided is quite wide. But would have thought just based on your footprint and just your comments on resi and highway being up, you could see a little more growth. Are you baking in a little conservatism? And then when should we expect volumes to be up year-over-year? Is that more back half? Or could we see that happen as soon as 2Q, Tom?
Tom Hill: I think, as we said, the variance in our range is more timing of work. And the key timing is, number one, on highways, we know it's gotten better because the lettings have gotten better. The question is the timing of how fast are those lettings go to shipments. And we've seen projects go really fast, and we've seen projects over the last 2 or 3 years get delayed. Hopefully, the DOTs are mature, and we have less delays and it kicks in and goes faster in the year than we would anticipate. Weather is always an issue in the first quarter. But as the year progresses, in Q2 and Q3, things get better. Hopefully, that lines up with that highway work. On the nonres side, again, we see the strengths in the heavy, the light. We know we've got some headwinds. We think it's stabilized. How fast the private money has confidence in the economy goes back to work is to be seen. I think as we watched the first -- we're in the seventh week of 2021. And it's better in week 6 than it was -- in week 5 than it was in week 4. So things seem to get better. A lot of this is pandemic related that, that is getting better as that goes, the private money goes. So hopefully, it will go quicker than anyone anticipates. But to be seen, and as we said, with the visibility as best we could, we may -- we try to be thoughtful about how we plan for it.
Philip Ng: Got it. But Tom, to be clear, you're not seeing any incremental bottleneck per se. You're saying, hey, we're giving us some cushion here just because we just don't know how quickly these DOT projects show up, but you're not seeing any incremental bottlenecks per se?
Tom Hill: I'm not quite sure I understand your question. I'm sorry.
Philip Ng: My question is, you made the point that you had visibility in terms of bidding activity, but how quickly this stuff ramps up is unclear. My question is, are you seeing any incremental bottlenecks that could delay this? Or it's pretty steady like what you've seen for some time.
Tom Hill: No. I don't see any big bottlenecks delaying it. In fact, if anything, from the DOT perspective, the DOTs have matured over the last 2 or 3 years, into increased funding. And so they have the firepower, whether that's engineering or permitting or letting work. So I don't see any bottlenecks holding up. It's really just -- it needs to move through the process and the contractors go to work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois of Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Great. You highlighted some of the stripping cost expenses that you saw in the fourth quarter. Just curious if you can quantify that. Does that imply some pull forward costs into -- from next year or from this year, if you will? And how should we think about incremental gross margins in aggregates in 2021?
Tom Hill: Yes. So specifically, the stripping cost was up about $4.5 million, $5 million. But overall, the cost was up about $0.30 a ton in Q4. And if we look back at this, based on -- as we went into the fourth quarter, based on the success that we had for the full year and the pandemic getting better and markets getting better, and you couple all that -- you put all that together, and as we look forward to 2021 and the DOTs getting better, we made a decision to pursue some preventive maintenance projects on both fixed and mobile equipment. At the same time, we decided to reengage our larger stripping projects because we felt like that longer term, when I say that, we just don't look a year, we look 24, 36 months out because these are mines and you can't move very fast. We decided it was time to reengage the stripping project. So based on the visibility to demand factors improving and the fourth quarter being smaller from a volume perspective and us having the firepower and the people in the time to do the work, it was time to pull the trigger on the projects.
Garik Shmois: Great. And can you provide some color on how you're thinking about incremental margins in 2021?
Tom Hill: Yes. Incremental margins in times like this at this inflection point, incremental margins are probably not as meaningful. And I would encourage you to really turn to unit margins as a better metric. And we saw mid single-digit growth in 2020 even with volumes going down 3%. And we should see that kind of growth, mid-single-digit margin growth or growth in cash cost fund in 2021. And I think as you look at the factors of this and what we have in the plan, that's what we expect and continue on our March towards our $9 per ton of cash gross profit per ton regardless of what headwinds or tailwinds we see out there.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. And I would just add to that, Tom's right. I mean, when there's volatility, when volumes are flat and/or declining you just get really strange math when you try to do these numbers. If you look back at 2020, we had quarters where the flow-through number, if you calculated it, could be 40% or it could be 240%. And so as we said all through 2020, and until we get back to the point where volumes are fully positive and moving forward, we're just going to continue to talk about the drivers and the cash gross profit because I just think that's more meaningful than the flow-through numbers just because it's just volatile and they're just strange numbers that really don't necessarily mean a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners of Bank of America.
Timna Tanners: I wanted to just probe a little bit the infrastructure opportunity. Just a little bit more detail on if we do see this new infrastructure focus manifests itself in kind of more green energy or green projects. Can you kind of give us more detail on how that can affect your product mix and what the opportunity can look like?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think if you kind of just step back and really simplify this, Vulcan is going to participate in all new construction. You just have to. Our rock has to go in the foundations. It has to go to the infrastructure. So as we see new green construction, aggregates demand will benefit, particularly if it's green projects where there are aggregate intensive construction projects, so things like water, sewer, alternative energy sources, all of which are going to be supported by this administration, those are pretty aggregate intensive and we'll benefit from that demand growth.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Are there any that are more or less? I'm just trying to get a flavor of if we get an announcement, how to think about that?
Tom Hill: The three I would point out that are quite agg extensive are going to be water sewer and wind energy. And then on top of that, if you look at -- obviously, ports and airports that are -- how you consider those green or not, but the green ones, I would say, are water sewer and wind energy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas of Vertical Research Partners.
Michael Dudas: Encouraged to see your guide for cap spending this year. It looks like you -- just to clarify, are you -- the growth capital you're allocating is projects you deferred in 2020 pre-pandemic? Are there any new or expanded ones in that mix? And I guess a follow-on to that, how, Tom, are you seeing your business development team working and is 2021 an opportunity given where your balance sheet is to look a little bit more carefully at some opportunities relative to towards organic growth?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. Sure. I'll address the CapEx question first. You're right. These are internal growth projects that have a good return and are important to us that we did defer when the pandemic hit last spring. You saw that we spent a bit more money in the fourth quarter than initially guided on CapEx, and that related to the restarting of a couple of these growth projects that we just wanted to get the jump on before we went into the new year. But really, they are principally the projects that we had in place last year, we'd like to go ahead and finish those as soon as we can since we lost a year on them and start reaping the benefit of that. And you're right. I mean, with respect to M&A, as we've talked about many times, 2020 was just a year of inactivity because things sort of shut down as a result of the pandemic. We are beginning to see some deals come to market. We're beginning to see a bit of a pickup there.  Certainly, given our position in the industry, if anything is coming to market, I mean, we're going to know about it, get contacted, and we're going to have a look at it, and we will continue to use the same disciplines that we've used in the past as we think about those deals. They've got to fit us strategically, they need to be returns enhancing, they need to be accretive. And look, when you look at our balance sheet, we have the firepower to do about anything we'd like to do. But we're going to be sensible about what we do and do deals that, as I said, fit the strategy and the returns criteria and don't lose all of the financial advantage that we've worked hard to create from a balance sheet position over the last few years.
Tom Hill: I think that was well said, Suzanne. I think that, as Suzanne said, there was just a desert for M&A. In 2020, nothing happened, and you would expect it to come roaring back in 2021, and it's busy. And we -- as always, we'll be involved on those, and we'll do the deals that make sense to us, make sure we understand the markets we want to be in and what product lines those markets make attractive and the ones we're going to be in. As always, we'll be picky about them, but we'll also find the ones that fit us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the lane of Courtney Yakavonis of Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: Appreciate the comments you guys gave about how the first half versus second half cadence really depends on how those lettings turn into shipments. But can you give us any insight into how you're thinking about the cadence for pricing through the year? Will that be more consistent? Or is that also going to trend with how shipments trend? Also, any insight into pricing for your non-aggregates business?
Tom Hill: Yes, good question. I think that -- first of all, fundamentally, the conditions for price increases continues to improve. The market is able to have visibility to improving demand really helps this. As we said, res is very healthy, continues to improve. Nonres, while it's seen its challenges also with doing the light side, that seems to have stabilized and it's got the -- you've got the heavy side that's doing very well. And you're laid on top of that. We're starting to see bubbling of LNG work. That's helpful. The lettings and visibility to lettings picking up is really good because everybody knows that work is coming. So I would -- all of this is good for pricing. I would expect price increases to build as we progress through 2021.  But remember, and I would -- that will also, I would tell you, you'll see that -- you'll see prices start to accelerate starting in Q2. We have some -- that's when the majority of our fixed plant prices go into impact. And so I would -- as you start kind of into Q2, I would see it accelerate throughout the year. And remember, while pricing is really important, the most important component of this is unit margins. And along with cost, we saw those grow almost 6% last year, with volumes being down. And I think we have confidence that we'll grow both price and unit margin again in 2021 regardless of what happens with outside volume forces.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: I just wondering if you can talk about the sort of the regional disparities and the 1% decline in fourth quarter aggregate volumes, and maybe how you're thinking about regional disparities within that -- the shipment guidance for 2021?
Tom Hill: Yes. So if you look at the fourth quarter, I would tell you that the Southeast was a strength for us. Kind of all the states in the Southeast, I would tell you that Arizona and Illinois were on the weak side. I would tell you that even though we had the challenges from fires and pandemic and cement shortages in California, it matched prior year, so improving things in California. As we look forward to volumes in 2021, I would tell you that most of our markets, we're seeing kind of marked -- we're seeing improvements. Again, the southeast is going to be a strength. I would tell you that Texas will be strong. And I would tell you that California is improving. California had so many headwinds last year that now a lot of those are gone. So we will see improvement there. But those will be strengths for us.
David MacGregor: Right. Maybe you can talk about kind of just to build on the pricing question prior to me. Just help us understand the nonres pricing situation right now. And is pricing up in that segment? Is it close to comparable with the average? How are you thinking about '21?
Tom Hill: There's really not a lot of different pricing variance by market segment. It's really more geographic and if you look at our footprint, we're planning on price increases across all of our footprint. So I wouldn't call out, it's hard -- really hard to call out pricing between res or nonres or highways because it's more along product line by geographic area. But I would point to it being fairly widespread both geographically and across all product lines, for us, as we look out to 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Wilson of Raymond James.
Joshua Wilson: I wanted to ask some cash questions as well. Given your plans for CapEx, and we know you're going to pay down the $500 million maturity, but you're still carrying quite a bit more cash on your balance sheet than you did pre-pandemic. So Suzanne, can you give us your thoughts on how much of a war chest you want to maintain versus when you might consider restarting share repurchases or something like that?
Suzanne Wood: Yes, sure. It's a good question. And I think as we went into the pandemic, there were certainly no intention or desire on our part per se to build a war chest. Because I think that's just having your cash sitting around on the balance sheet is not -- certainly not the best use of it in the long term. But given the uncertainty we faced as we took some of those decisions to delay CapEx, et cetera, I certainly think that having a bit of cash there for safety is certainly the right thing to do. You're right, the first use of the $1.2 billion will be to pay down the $500 million maturity in March. I mean, that's been long-planned and taken care of. I think as we think about the capital allocation priorities we've had in place for a long time that have really, I think, served us well. And are well understood by the market. If you think about the waterfall of those priorities and the order of them, the sort of other than maintaining and improving our dividend, which is critically important for us.  We want to make sure that, that can absolutely be sustained through the cycle. We are beginning to open up and spend a bit more cash on growth. That's the second priority in that capital allocation policy. And so we're going to be spending more on those internal growth projects. And look, as I said on M&A, we'll be looking at opportunities as they come down the path. I would say that, again, going back to that waterfall, those growth projects and dividends are of a higher priority to us than share repurchase. So I think we just need to wait a bit and see what materializes on the growth front. And then as we go through the year and see how the cash plays out and what other opportunities arise, then we've got plenty of time to consider the share repurchase.
Joshua Wilson: And if I could follow-up, in terms of the CapEx guidance, is that pretty evenly spread through the year? Or is that back-end weighted? And for like 2022, is there some catch-up in '21 that makes it unusually higher? Or how should we think about the long-term CapEx rate?
Tom Hill: First of all, there is some catch up. And I think Suzanne pointed that out, the catch-up is...
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I mean, again, if you go back to the beginning, and maybe this is the easiest way to talk about it. If you go back to the beginning of 2020, our guidance then was to spend $475 million. We wound up only spending $361 million in 2020 as a result of the delay of those projects. So we're guiding to that $450 million to $475 million number. The intent there is to catch up a bit on operating CapEx and the growth projects. So there is a bit of catch-up there. I wouldn't necessarily say it's a material amount, but we do intend to restart those growth projects.
Tom Hill: As far as the timing through the year, I'd tell you pretty evenly spend, it usually is more in the hot summer months where you can bill for the construction projects where some of the build is. The rest of it, the repair -- the replacement capital is evenly spent, the growth capital probably will be a little heavier in Q2 and Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: A quick question for you, Tom. The states that you saw some weak volumes in Q4. So California, Arizona, Illinois. What's the outlook for those states specifically this year?
Tom Hill: So California wasn't actually -- as it wasn't weak. It was actually -- it was flat. And flat with some pretty good headwinds. If you really kind of step back, California is an import state for us. So if you step back and look at that -- and look at California, the fires are out and the cement shortage is over. So already, things are better in California. And the 2021 demand is improving. Northern Cal -- is really kind of -- you got to separate northern California, Southern California, Northern Cal is recovering. But remember, it had the longest -- it has the longest recovery because it had the most severe shelter in place on top of that, you had the fires and cement shortages, which really hurt us that whole market in 2020. So we'll see improvement in 2021, but a little slower. Now if you look at the highway piece, which affects the whole market, SB1 lettings are going to increase -- or increasing this year by 14%. So we'll see growth, both growth in -- both improvement in aggregates and asphalt. And then in Southern California, we're going to see single -- excuse me, high single-digit to double-digit growth in residential and nonres is recovering with the warehouses and distribution center and even the like. So -- and I think if you step back and look at -- remember, look at California from last year's perspective, in spite of all the demand challenges and the pandemic and the fires and cement shortages. In 2020, we were still more profitable year-over-year than we were in 2019. So that unit profitability sets us up well in 2021 as we start to see -- now we're starting to see volumes improving along with unit margins. So California will be a better place without the challenges they had in 2020. Arizona, I believe that, again, the residential fee sector is good. I think it is -- the highway is solid, nonres improving. So Arizona is a pocket of population growth, which supports that. If you look at Illinois, it has its challenges, highway work will probably be -- if you pull in toll work, will be solid, but the other sectors and res is okay, but the other sectors still see challenges as does non-highway infrastructure. So somewhat of a challenged market for us.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Stanley Elliott of Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: A question for you guys. Nice job again on the inventories. As we sit here today, kind of right on tracking towards kind of 2018 levels. You're talking about the highway business potentially picking up in the back part of the year. Do you anticipate any sort of mix issues from a production standpoint? Or should -- kind of where you're sitting here would be a good sign from the flow-through on that side?
Tom Hill: Yes. I think you'll see somewhat improvement. You heard me talk a little bit in our cost comment about mix with yields. And with new construction, you get more basin fines which helps your yields. Granted it's at lower price, but you need that for the overall unit margin improvement. So if anything, I would tell you that I think the mix will be improved in 2021 over 2020, just because you have a better flow of new construction. And remember, on the residential side, you're going -- now you are at new subdivisions, not just build out subdivisions, which is, number one, is more aggregate intensive. Because you've now got to put it in the roads and the utilities, but it's also a better mix because you've got the substructure of basin fines under all those roads and utilities and under those slabs. So I think we'll see improvements, which will help pushing the margins as we look at 2021.
Operator: I would now like to return the call to Tom Hill for any additional or closing comments.
Tom Hill: So thank you for everyone for joining the call today. Thank you for your continuing support of Vulcan. I think we're proud of our 2020 performance. And we made good progress in 2020 to our longer-term goals. We believe we're going to take that momentum into 2021, and we look forward to sharing that news with you over the next few quarters. I hope all of you stay healthy, keep your family safe and healthy, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Vulcan Materials Company Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the U.S. Concrete Incorporated Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference maybe recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I would like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Mr. John Kunz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead. 
John Kunz: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's third quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call today is Ronnie Pruitt, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will make some prepared remarks, after which we will open the call to questions. As detailed on Page 2 of our accompanying presentation, today's call will include forward-looking statements as defined by the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially. Except as legally required, we undertake no obligation to update or conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. For a list of these factors, please refer to the legal disclaimers and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC. Please note that you can find the reconciliations and other information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K, which was filed earlier today. A presentation to facilitate today's discussion is available on the investor relations section of our website.  With that, I will turn the call over to Ronnie.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I hope that you and your families are continued stay safe and healthy. Today, I'm going to discuss our record setting results for the quarter and in share perspective on how the evolving construction environment is shaping longer term demand for our products. Building on our excellent second quarter results, we continue this momentum into the third quarter with record setting financial performance. As we will detail today, we believe our business is well positioned to continue to deliver strong financial results, both in the near and long-term. The transformation we've undertaken over the past several years to reshape our portfolio, and capabilities for growth and improve margins have proven critical in enabling us to respond to the changing dynamics in the current environment. Our diverse portfolio, commitment to innovate an agile culture has allowed us to respond to the construction demand in the markets that we serve, and position us to deliver meaningful financial results into the future. Our performance reflects the great work our team has accomplished during these challenging times. In particular, I want to commend the hard working U.S. Concrete team members within all of our operating regions. Their extraordinary efforts in keeping safe, while simultaneously focusing on our operating performances have made it possible for us to continue to meet the demands of our communities, customers and projects, and I could not be more proud of them. Shifting to the business, we generated $374.2 million of revenue during the third quarter of 2020, as referenced on Slide 3 in our earnings presentation. On a consolidated basis, we saw geographical shift to more normal levels, with each region representing 34% of total revenues for the quarter. The central region was 35% and 31% in the West region, where results were impacted by a constrained cement supply in Northern California.  During the quarter, we recorded sequential increases over the second quarter in segments and total sales, as well as increases in segment and total adjusted EBITDA. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margins were 17.1% for the third quarter as we continue to drive significant margin growth in each of our operating segments. Our execution in the quarter enable us to exceed our EBITDA expectations. This is in large part due to aggressive management of expenses, asset utilization and process reengineering of our existing platform, as well as gains from our acquisition of Coram earlier this year. We are pleased to announce the U.S. Concrete aggregate operations had record setting quarterly revenue of $64 million, which is a 20% increase over last year's third quarter with almost 3.7 million tons sold. Our adjusted EBITDA for aggregates operations was $27 million during the third quarter, as we spend it our adjusted EBITDA margin, net of freight to 54% as compared to 42% for last year's third quarter. Continuing the trend from our second quarter, our aggregate segment generated 37% of total reported segment adjusted EBITDA revenue, volume and EBITDA for aggregate operations were up in virtually every market year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter as we saw strong demand for our product and a significant increase in production. We continue to increase the internal consumption of aggregates, which increased to 41% on an LTM basis through September. Our financial performance for our aggregate segment set historical records during the quarter for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margins. Strengthening our aggregate portfolio and our operations has been an area of focus for us and we're seeing the fruits of our labor. Our ready mix concrete segment delivered 2.2 million cubic yards of concrete during the quarter, generating $313 million of revenue, and $46 million of adjusted EBITDA. Benefiting from the markets in which we operate, our consolidated ready mix concrete Asia-Pacific was up sequentially over the second quarter, and up over the third quarter of 2019. Even with the fluctuations in volume across many of our markets our ready mix operating teams delivered solid adjusted EBITDA margins of 14.7%, which is 20 basis points higher than last year's third quarter, and up from 14% for the second quarter of 2020. Our robust performance has also helped us to delever at a faster pace. As John will outline later, our net leverage ratio decreased to 3.65 times at September 30 due to adjusted the free cash flow generated during the quarter. Maintaining reasonable leverage metrics across the cycle is a strategic goal of ours and we are proud of the growth of our company over the past decade. Taking advantage of an attractive interest rate environment, we refinanced $400 million of our senior unsecured notes in September, which reduced our annual interest expense by 1.25% or $5 million annually. We are committed to long-term growth, which requires strategically investing in our operations, because we remain confident in the long-term outlook of our business. Even during these challenging times and we remain committed to delivering innovation to our customers and their projects. Our growth is rooted in innovation with strategic acquisitions that complement our historical operating portfolio. And we are driving transformation and efficiencies in our business as discussed in detail during our second quarter call.  For example, we've applied the proven strategy to Coram, the sand and gravel operation we acquired back in February of this year. To fillers as we continue to pursue the BlackBerry expansion to the back office consolidation efforts of our business, as well as gaining efficiencies with dispatching of concrete with Where's my concrete, our proprietary technology application.  Our National Research Laboratory was also highlighted this August in a New York Times article about industry innovation, and the adoption of our technology such as carbon cure for producing low emission concrete with a reduced carbon footprint.  I would now like to turn the call over to John for additional financial commentary.
John Kunz: Thanks Ronnie. As mentioned, we are very pleased with our record setting financial performance. Our third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $63.9 million, the highest we have ever reported for any quarter, compared to $62 million in the prior year quarter. Our aggregates and ready mix business continue to show their resiliency during the quarter as demonstrated by their outstanding results in light of the economic climate. Our aggregate volumes were up 17.6% compared to the prior year third quarter, driven primarily by the addition of Coram with our base aggregates business up marginally.  Ready mix volume was off 13.2%, compared to the prior year third quarter, with each of our regions experiencing some reduced levels of demand, our consolidated revenue for the quarter was $374 million and 8.5% decline compared to the prior year third quarter. Our cost containment efforts continue to result in adjusted EBITDA margin improvement for both businesses. With aggregates adjusted EBITDA margins improving to 42.1% led by Coram and Polaris and ready mix adjusted EBITDA margins improving to 14.7%. These improvements resulted in a consolidated EBITDA margin of 17.1% for the quarter. We were able to achieve higher margins through continued cost containment actions, more efficient utilization of our plants and equipment and the increasing use of technology based data driven decision making. Our material margin increased by 90 basis points to 48.4%, compared to the prior year quarter. Our EBITDA adjustments for the quarter relate primarily to stock compensation, contingent consideration of pension liability settlement, realignment initiatives and purchase accounting adjustments for Coram inventory. Our SG&A was 8.6% of revenue for the third quarter of 2020, compared to 7.8% in the prior year quarter. Adjusted SG&A excluding stock compensation, acquisition related costs and realignment initiatives was 7.3% of revenue in the third quarter, compared to 6.3% in the prior year quarter, reflecting our cost control efforts offset by higher incentive compensation expense, and the impact of lower revenue. Based on the company's strong performance in 2020, it is expected that incentive compensation will be earned at levels above the nominal amounts awarded in 2019, resulting in higher expense during the quarter. We recognized 10.2 million of tax benefits in the quarter relating to the finalization of the interest limitation provisions contained in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the net operating loss carry back provisions of the CARES Act. For 2020, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 27% and our interest expense to be in the $44 million to $46 million range. As a result of our September notes offering, we expect to see a reduction in our quarterly interest expense of approximately $1.3 million or $5 million annually on a perspective run rate basis. However, in Q4, our expense will include one-time cost of approximately $12.5 million of fees and unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the October redemption, which are not included in the previously mentioned full year range. Moving on to our cash flow and balance sheet. During the third quarter, we generated $61.3 million of cash provided by our operating activities, $9.8 million more than in the prior year quarter. We generated $58.6 million of adjusted free cash flow during the third quarter, compared to $41.5 million in the prior year quarter. Our operating performance and cost containment efforts during the quarter contributed to this improvement.  Our working capital management activities at $1.2 million to these results during the quarter. For the nine months period, our free cash flow was $129 million, exceeding our 12-month target of $100 million. Our cash flow performance allowed us to reduce our net debt position by $44.1 million as of September 30, compared to the June quarter end, resulting in $697.3 million of net debt at the end of the quarter. The increase in our trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA along with lower net debt position reduced our leverage to 3.65 times or about a quarter turn compared to our June 30 leverage ratio. We are also very proud to report that we have reduced our leverage by half a turn in the six months since the completion of our acquisition of Coram and are back at levels close to where we ended the year. As of September 30, we had total liquidity of $826 million, including $406 million of cash and cash equivalents, $240 million of availability under our revolver plus $179.6 million of availability under our delayed draw term loan. Our liquidity includes $413 million, which was used to pay principal and redemption premiums on our six and three eight nodes in early October. During the third quarter, we invested approximately $3.3 million in capital expenditures compared to $10.5 million for the same period last year. For the full year 2020, we are planning for capital expenditures around $30 million. While we continue to manage through these challenging times, we are very pleased with our record results. These results would not be possible without the dedication and effort of our employees and management team to control costs and leverage our technology to improve the operating efficiency of business, leading to outstanding performance in this challenging environment. With that, I will turn the call over to Ronnie.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thanks, John. I'd now like to address our perspective on the evolving environment and what we see going forward. While we hope the most acute and severe impact of COVID-19 is behind us. We believe that recent shifts in behavior coupled with macroeconomic trends suggest the residential, commercial, and even the infrastructure markets will be evolving with the changing work and lifestyle trends. During the third quarter, we observed a 6% shift from commercial work to residential work, respectively representing 55% and 27% of our total projects, with infrastructure capturing the balance of 18%. We continue to monitor the efforts in Washington with respect to the federal infrastructure bill, and are also hopeful that one will be passed by Congress. We believe the U.S. Concrete is uniquely positioned in the markets that we serve, to benefit from any infrastructure bill and from these work and life style shifts, including the current shift to suburban markets due to our geographical footprint, our portfolio of aggregates and ready mix assets, our experience, our relationships and ability to support the technical standard of the sometimes complex projects. While we we’re pleased with our recent performance, we want to emphasize that our focus is on the future market conditions, opportunities and strategies that are required to optimize performance and shareholder value. Fortunately, the markets we serve provide some natural diversification and hedge on market specific issues. Naturally, Texas and New York and New Jersey metropolitan area all have different market fundamentals. Even San Francisco has different attributes when compared to San Jose. Like many other companies, we are consistently analyzing all data, feedback, and information so that we can best assess what is the new normal, especially in our urban markets as you know, opinions vary greatly. And we also must be cognizant of the prior to the pandemic of the U.S. economy was well into its near 10-year expansion. At this point, we are cautiously optimistic regarding next year's conditions in each of our markets. Although we do not believe it is possible to offer specific quantifiable judgments for volume of activities. What we are confident in, however, is that based on our success, in the past two quarters of unprecedented uncertainty in our country, our team will be able to manage the business effectively and profitably in a range of future scenarios. Our team has proven its ability to adapt to a variety of scenarios in a rapidly changing environment. We continue to see long term demand for aggregates and concrete and we will continue to invest in our platform. Our proprietary system Where’s my concrete empowers us to make informed decisions using data, interact with our customers and gain insights into and manage our pipeline with a CRM. The major lesson for us for 2020 is that significant percentages of our expenses are variable, or highly variable. We built our company to take up costs during changes in an economic cycle. Our results and margins over the past two quarters support this thesis and we believe it is an important dynamic in evaluating our business model. Based on the normal seasonality our industry experiences in the fourth quarter, we're projecting our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA to be between $40 million and $45 million with full year 2020 adjusted EBITDA between $186 million and $191 million, which would post ahead of the $184 million generated in 2019. As discussed last quarter, every employee U.S. Concrete is operating with a sense of purpose to deliver durable, long-term results for all of our stakeholders. We set many new financial records during the quarter, which include record aggregate revenue, record average adjusted EBITDA, record total adjusted EBITDA and record adjusted free cash flow generated. We have communicated over the last several quarters that we are focused on managing our operating margins and the results we have reported today highlight that promise and our performance. We're also pleased to announce a virtual Investor Day with a presentation and conference call that scheduled for Thursday morning, November the 12. We look forward to your participation during that call. And hope to form allows for fresh insights into the company, our financial performance, our management team, and strategies. With that operator, I would like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes in Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research. Your line is now open
Kathryn Thompson : My first focusing on the aggregate segment. What were the primary components for the margin that side? In particular, how much was driven by lower energy costs versus other structural changes? Really what we're trying to get through is understanding perhaps more one-time and what is more sustainable going forward?
RonniePruitt: I think Coram was obviously a very big benefit until we're in the margins. When I think about what's sustainable and what's one-time. I think we have lots of benefits around our operating procedures, especially in when we think about Coram, it's a very simple process, it's a very easy mining operation. Very similar to Polaris in a way that sand and gravel, it's a low cost way that we would produce those products. So I think those operating probably things that we put in is very sustainable. Pricing has also been a lift on that. And I think we're just at the front end of what we think our pricing strategies could be both on the West and East Coast. And then I'll layer that in with the investments we've made in the central side with MW Ranch and MW Ranch has been really our first full two quarters back to back of operating. So we're still working out the budget, that plant. But that's seen significant improvements in margin as well. So like I said in my prepared remarks, I think all three regions central East and West contributed to that. And so it's not just one area that we said we just picked up in this one place. So I think those things are very sustainable.
Kathryn Thompson : Understanding that California was disrupted by fires and there's a cement shortage in the state due to a bit one point time to plants being down or unable to serve the market. Could you quantify the impact of the California fires to results. And even if it's just high level looking at what the top-line impact is, but just the cost of operating? And is that demand just pushed out? And where are you today?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes, great question. I think the demand is pushed out. The fires were definitely an impact with rolling power interruptions. But the bigger interruption was the lack of cement supply, which was really, from one of the plants being shut down permanently. And the reaction to that is going to be more imports and those imports to take time. I do think over the next quarter, we'll see a more consistent supply on the cement side, which, again, I think will help us. On the cost side, I don't, other than the unpredictability of that and pushing out the demand side. And so we saw some daily interruptions in cement supply. I don't think, it was a big issue on the cost. But I do think on the demand side, and when we said to more normalized, distribution of our revenue by region in the West Coast was still impacted by that. So we said, 31%, I think more normally, we would see a pretty even split of our revenue by region. So I think there is some recovery that we have to do. And I do think those volumes will be pushed into the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year.
Kathryn Thompson : And final questions before I hop back in the queue and thank you for answering my questions today. It's just high level, when you look at the year-to-date, having the impact of the pandemic on major markets and you think about in New York, Texas and California. Where do you see, and they are unable to give specific for guidance. But what's the net impact you see to those three regions? As you look over, not just next year, but say over the next 12 to 24 months?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes, great question and we look forward to giving some more insight into that in our Investor Day presentation. But I would say 12 to 24 months out each region specifically. I think infrastructure plays a big role in all three regions. I think of all the regions that have lacked infrastructure, the Northeast is one that's probably been the most dramatic, over the last four to five years of lack of infrastructure spin. Obviously, in Texas, we're seeing a lot of residential and a lot of shift to residential. But we're also seeing infrastructure spend continue. And so I think Texas has been more of a balanced market. And then with the cement shortages in Northern California has been some impacts. But we've also seen shifts there as well, on the residential side and that's where, when I talk about that natural hedge of all of our markets, having different drivers and our ability to pivot within those markets. And I even called out that even in one quarter we saw a shift from commercial to residential of about 6% difference. And so again, as I talked about on the second quarter, and I want to reinforce. We're a concrete supplier and an aggregate supplier. And at the end of the day, whatever the market demand is, we're going to meet that market demand and whether that comes in residential, whether that comes in infrastructure, whether that's in commercial. We're here to service the market, we're here to service our customers, and we're going to service whatever those demands are. And so, I think, I like our footprint still like where we're at, and we're able to pivot to whatever that domain would be. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Roger with Exane. Your line is now open. 
Paul Roger: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So obviously next week is a big week deal action. And this is difficult to know how it's going to span out. And do you have a view on what the different outcomes could mean for U.S. Concrete in the industry whether it's President Trump and President Biden. And irrespective of who wins next week and if we get a highway sale? Is there a risk anyway that you have this sort of ad hoc hit in early 2021 before anything new kicks in and demand is a little bit lacklustre on the infrastructure side?
Ronnie Pruitt: I don't want to get into predicting the outcome of elections. I think we're well positioned with either outcome that infrastructure is a big need, and infrastructure is a need for our country, throughout all of our regions. And so I'm confident that infrastructure will be a critical -- not only need for the spin, but also for job creation for economic stimulus, it plays multiple roles in there. And so I think there's going to be lots of support for that under the outcome either way.  Pass that, I think the financial markets, the interest rates I think our country is wanting to see stability. I think our country is wanting to see economic growth. And I think both parties realize that. And so, I think we'll have to just take the wait and see approach and see what happens. But we're well prepared for any scenarios that come our way.
Paul Roger: I think it's quite interesting. Because obviously, Mr. Biden is proposing quite a green agenda. And I think actually within his proposal $1.3 trillion of infrastructure spending, there is a big emphasis on more sustainable products. So I think I'm going to say U.S. Concrete does have a low CO2 product in California. Do you see a situation where the penetration of this type of product that may actually increase if there is more focus on the green agenda? And what could that do to margins and pricing if anything?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes. Every region is different. And it really comes down to the local specifiers and DOTs and the push for those greener initiatives. Carburetor is great product and we're definitely an early adopter of that. And we're going to be rolling that out into other regions. Flash is a great recycled product as well. There's also flash shortages with as you think about taking down Coalfired power plants, there's more issues there. Slag is another product that we use throughout all of our regions. It's also a green product. So we have lots of initiatives for recycling, we're using more recycled aggregates in all of our operations. And we continue that focus. But at the end of the day, the specifiers the local DOTs, the local architects and engineers are responsible for specifying those products. And all of them have different levels of potential margin improvements. And I think again, we're here to meet whatever the market demand is. We've put the technology in place where we're adapting quickly to that greener wave that's coming. And I think we'll be able to meet that demand no matter what it is.
Operator: Gentlemen next question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Trey Grooms : Nice results and great job, getting a stuff environment especial on the margins. I guess on the 4Q guide, I think, I heard was it $40 million to $45 million, I heard that right? Are you seeing or are you assuming any change in the demand picture baked into that range there? Or is it more kind of the same on the demand front?
Ronnie Pruitt: I think we've baked in a lot of different scenarios into that number. And normal seasonality is what we refer to it first. And so as you know, seasonality affects our business and in our markets, obviously, the Northeast can have a wide variety of winter weather, and Texas can be dry or wet. And then with California, we're trying to bake in a more normal supply side, and that's been our biggest issues there. And so I think, it's a combination of what we see in our pipeline, and what we believe a normal weather pattern would contribute to that. And so we've always seen a drop off in the first quarter, because of those normal weather patterns. And so I think, as a visibility today, we like what we see. And we believe that those results would be delivering a very good year for U.S. Concrete.
Trey Grooms : John, during your prepared comments, I think you mentioned that each region has seen some declines in demand. So, North Texas has been relatively strong. Did you guys, was there any change in that market? Or any other colors you give around that?
Ronnie Pruitt: I'll take that Tray, because I mean, at the end, we continue to see sequential improvements as the restrictions were lift. And we talked about that in the second quarter and I would say in North Texas market, and really our Texas Supreme because West Texas would be included. And I think we had a good quarter and I'm very pleased with our results and I don't want to use weather as an excuse. But in September, we had nine weather days. And last year, September, we had zero. Literally zero weather in Texas last year in 2019. And we just weather in September and so I'm not using that as an excuse, but it does impact and volume will shift. And we will see those shifts continue. But it was, it is something that definitely impacts our day in and day out volume when we have that kind of dramatic difference year-over-year in one month.
Trey Grooms : But no change in kind of the underlying demand that you've been seeing there and that well in Texas, I guess overall. I know West Texas has probably seen some slowing, but I guess on a sequential basis from 2Q outside of weather sounds like things are still kind of as they were?
Ronnie Pruitt: Again, I think we'll continue to see shifts in what those segments are. And I think as we continue to see more residential, it'll lead. And the good thing for us in these suburban markets that we do serve, including not just West Texas, and we serve a lot of rural areas and our ready mix footprint as well as we stretch out from the DFW Metroplex. I think we'll see the continued underlying demand there. It's just going to be formed in different ways. And so as residential now takes the lead on that, obviously as you see these residential pockets that are in these outlying areas, we'll see like commercial and other support of whether those are schools or churches or other things. But I think overall, we've continued to see very consistent demand cycles. 
Trey Grooms : Got it. Thanks for that. And, John this one kind of goes back to you just as a housekeeper. I think you mentioned -- excuse me incentive cost to increase in 4Q. Is there any more color you can give us around that? 
John Kunz: Yes, I mean, last year the incentive compensation numbers that we paid out are relatively nominal for the year. Our expectation is that we will have a payout this year associated with them. So we had to accrue. And we included a higher number a couple million dollars in expense more this year than what we ultimately recognized last year. I really can't tell you what a full year number is, because it's going to depend on our performance in Q4. We have to perform in Q4 and to be able to earn a bonus, or earn a incentive compensation. But that situation may persist as we go into Q4. Because again last year, it would be a much lower number than what would otherwise be anticipated this year. 
Trey Grooms : I got it. Okay, that makes sense. And last one for me. You guys did a great job on free cash flow exceeded your targets there? How are you thinking about free cash flow generation going forward maybe 4Q and maybe beyond that? 
John Kunz: Sure, the color on Q4 Ronnie said, our EBITDA ranges that $40 million to $45 million. So you can sort of work back. Our CapEx guidance is around $30 million. So there's -- that delta between year-to-date and that guidance is one. And then what you shouldn't overlook as well is we do pay the premium on the notes redemption. So that's an incremental $12 million.  So we'll have the normal interest expense and $12 million of incremental expense for the fees associated with the redemption. So you can do the math around that sort of gets to your cash flow number. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Your line is now open
Stanley Elliott: Nice work in a very tough environment. Could you talk a little bit about some of the things you're learning from the where's my concrete? Some of the best practices metrics whether it's how long you're on location, or any sort of these internal improvements that you're gaining insight to that I think can be transferred across all the regions. 
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes. Good morning. And great question. Stanley as we look at the full integration of not just where's my concrete, but the CRM piece of that along with our Driver app, along with our Customer app. We're measuring like you say on job times, we're measuring in plant times, we're measuring time for the drivers to check in, we punch in in the cab. So we're measuring so many different things today that a year ago, two years ago, five years ago were unheard of. The more critical thing to me is we're capturing that in a way that as we load that information into our CRM and then our sales force is out there looking at how we quote jobs in the future. We're no longer in a position that we're just quoting something on material margin and then we have a rough estimate of delivery cost. And then we think that here's the margin that can be. Now we know down to the customer level, how does that customer order? What's their behavior? How do they place concrete? How do they hold our trucks? How do they use our equipment? And we're feeding all that into a system. And now we're literally specifically going down to the customer level and being able to quote jobs based on what we have, I would say, a much higher confidence level in what margins we'll be able to generate, who is no longer just a price in a material margin. And so as we take all this data, it goes into our scheduling, it goes into the way we dispatch, it goes into the way we anticipate labor, most drivers, plant labor, raw materials, it just flows for a whole system that. Again, I've talked about it in the last quarter. We're a very, very, very good company that reacting. We react extremely well. What we're trying to be as a better company predicting. And if we can get to a company that is really good at predicting what will happen instead of reacting to what will happen. Obviously, we can be way better at driving margin improvements when we anticipate and predict and not react.
Stanley Elliott : And then switch gears a little bit on the pricing on the ready mix side. I apologize if you mentioned a conversation. But with California being down, Texas doing good, New York sound like it's good, too. How much of the improvement was regional mix? And then I guess the other question is with residential looking like that, it's going to be probably the strongest market for most of the materials space in 2021. Does that have a negative impact in terms of your reported price or margin, as we're looking forward?
Ronnie Pruitt: There could be some definite mix in that. And there's obviously differences in strengths in residential versus your higher complex commercial and infrastructure projects. I think the most exciting thing for me was that we were able to move pricing in all of our markets. And we talked about that was achieved in all markets. And so even with a drop off of volume in one of our higher priced markets and more of a shift into Texas, we still were able to show pricing improvement in all of our markets. And I think that gets back into your previous question about technology, how we use that, how we are smarter the way we price. And then as John mentioned, the material margin across our footprint was up as well. And so, we're able to see where raw materials are going to influence, we're able to see where logistics influences, and then we're able to, obviously target those margins. And so I would continue to tell you Stanley that EBITDA margin, that material margin, those things we're measuring will be a much better indicator of how we're running the business. We're going to continue to push pricing everywhere, and we'll push pricing as hard as we can. But at the end of the day, there is going to be fluctuations in use markets and shrinks and mixes and all that stuff will be noise. But if you focus down to our material margin, you focus on to our overall EBITDA margin. I think that's where you'll see how this technology and our ability to be smarter and what we do will continue to pay off.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rohit Seth with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Rohit Seth : I just want to talk a little bit about the shift from urban to suburban. I spent for the past cycles, a lot of focus on your urban footprint and a lot of your production capacity is in the New York and San Francisco region. And so, how do you think about your positioning and enables a strategy to run the business in this upcoming cycle where there might be a secular trend going the opposite direction? And then given the capacity you already have, and maybe outside the very city cores is that enough production capacity to sustain sort of the earnings level that you're doing right now?
Ronnie Pruitt: So that's a great question. And, as we look at those footprints, specifically in those reasons as you highlighted and I was able to travel a couple of weeks ago up to New Jersey and New York. And, as I look at what's happening in those markets, we've talked about this in the past. I mean, a lot of our production capacity is a rolling stock. And so when you think about some of the rural areas that we service in the New Jersey market, and even around our New York footprint, that production is really shifted by our ability to move trucks. And so we can move those trucks pretty easy, like literally in a day. And, in the borough's we're seeing a lot of activity around affordable housing, we're still seeing a lot of activity in our pipeline. We're still pouring concrete in Manhattan, and even though everyone thinks Manhattan is completely shut down, we're still -- we did projects there yesterday. So we are so important anchoring in those areas. I think the San Francisco San Jose market is a -- it's an interesting one for us as we look at how we projected normal data around permits and data around other economic things in the tech money there's just one that is really hard to predict. I think there's still a lot of money in that area. We're still doing a lot of projects there. But we're also able to put in that area to further out around the San Jose markets to those residential as well. And again, I mean, we have capacity on wheels. And so we move those wheels and we can meet that capacity, we have plenty of plant capacity. So it's really our ability to shift with the drivers and the trucks where we need them. And I think that's the flexibility we have. 
Rohit Seth : And so but I mean, you still have to have your own plant network, because the trucks can only move so far, to keep that concrete in the mixer within spec. So there is a transportation limitations they're not? 
Ronnie Pruitt: I mean, I think there's a transportation limitation. But when you think about, where a lot of our plants are we were traveling, 15 to 20 to 30 miles into metropolitan areas. You flip that around, and you're going 15 to 20 to 30 miles outside of metropolitan area, that's a pretty big reach. And so when you think about these big urban areas and you say, okay, well, you could go 30 miles in or 30 miles out, so you got a 60 mile circle there, that's a pretty good reach that we can still hit them. And we've got trucks from West Texas, that will grab over an hour, one way to get the job.  So we have the expertise, we have chemicals, we can do things with concrete today that we couldn't do two years ago that we couldn't do three years ago. We have technology on our trucks to control swamp, we can add mix on the flight chemicals, while the trucks going down the road, we can be adding chemicals to it to again anticipate what the concrete needs for the customer to control the swamps, to control the set times to control all kinds of opportunities there.  We're just doing so many things different than what's read mix business is historically been. And I think we're going to go into way more detail on that at our investor presentation on November 12. I'm going to break it down and really show people the differences of concrete today and I think it's just a misnomer that you only got an hour. And that's all you can do. And if you don't get it done an hour, I mean you're in trouble. That's just not the case today. We partner with a lot of our chemical companies to put this technology in place. We're constantly maximizing and optimizing our mixes. So I think we have a lot of versatility around pivoting to those urban areas or rural areas of whichever direction we want to go.
Rohit Seth : And given those developments, you can effectively compete with some of the smaller guys? And then on Polaris, can you usually provide an update on your expansion plans of Blackbeard Cory and 2021 could be a significant year in that regard. So just remind us, what the plan is? How much capitals required and expected grants?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes, I appreciate that. I would tell you that on our Investor Day, November 12, I'm going to break down that entire project and what they mean could be. So I would like to say that for them. But we continued on the path of the opportunities we've talked about and Blackbeard, one of the bigger opportunities that we have, and I'll be giving a lot more color of that on the removed flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst : I'm working with Brent Thielman today. Question for you about your Coram aggregates business. I'm wondering how your expectations for that company has changed since you acquired the company in February?
Ronnie Pruitt: I don't think our expectations have changed at all. I think when we acquired that company, although it was right at the beginning of, and anticipated pandemic. We had done business with that company for a long time. The operation has been critical to New York for a long time. And our expectations were absolutely that it was a very strategic purchase for us. And I don't think nothing through this has changed other than the fact that, it's probably been even more strategic through this interruption in different pandemic related things. But long term, it's meeting or exceeding all of our expectations.
Unidentified Analyst : And then, I'm wondering, are you cultivating a pipeline of potential acquisition candidates right now? And have you observed any more willing sellers since your last earnings call in August?
Ronnie Pruitt: I would say, we're going to give a lot more color into our longer term strategy on our November the 12 call was with investors. But at the end of the day, I don't see it as cultivating, because we're not out there cold calling people to see if they want to sell. I think at the end of the day, we're going to present our investors with long-term strategic value and what we do. And we're going to be very disciplined around what we do. And we're going to let a lot of different factors around our capital structure around our leverage, around how we trade or on our multiples and a balance between our aggregates and ready mix acquisitions. And so I would say we have lots of opportunities that we'll be going into more in-depth with on the call in November.
Unidentified Analyst : I look forward to that call in a couple of weeks here. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open. 
Larry Solow: Great, thanks. Good morning, Ronnie and John. Congrats on the quarter ability to certainly navigate through a tough environment. Can you maybe just parse out a little bit more on the pricing on the aggregate size of near 13% increase at symptoms that was certainly mixed. And can maybe just help us pocket some of the drivers there. Is that Coram? Is there, I assume maybe the NW Ranch is helping there as well. Can you maybe help us with? 
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes, Larry. Great question. I would say yes, obviously Coram helps. Coram is a closest suppliers. And when you think about pricing in the way we look at the closer to the market. So the higher the FOB prices so Coram has definitely been a contributor of that. I would also point out that we -- for the first time ever, we exceeded over a million tons of shipments through our Long Beach terminal from Coram which Southern California, that Long Beach terminal is a very good price point as well. So we're getting lift there. And then yes, I mean, the Texas market has been solid. And so, I think there's obviously on a like for like basis Coram was a very big lift. But we've seen very momentum in all markets. I'm pleased with where we're at in all of our markets.  And I think again, as we look at our focus strategically around more growth in our aggregate side, I mean this is what the expectations would be from our investors that aggregate is more disciplined. Aggregates is more reliable, and aggregates is more sustainable through any whether that's a pandemic or any other economic down headwinds. And I think we're proving that out. 
Larry Solow: Right, okay. Great. And then similarly on the ready mix side. I assume mix probably may have actually impacted your pricing, but you still were able to 2% year-over-year gain. So was pricing actually up in all your markets? 
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes, it was up across the board. And again, I would -- I think, as you think through the headwinds that we've faced through the pandemic and what normal reactions would be or could be during economic downturns in ready mix. And I think again the industry is tagged with being undisciplined and all these other things that happened in 2007, or '08 and '09 and now we're trying to overcome those things from 10 to 15 years ago.  There's been a lot of consolidation and a lot of markets and not just the markets we're in. There's been a lot of consolidations over the last 10 years. And I think there's just more discipline out there in pricing. And I think technology is a big piece of this. And I still, there's a big difference in the way concrete priced in the way cement is priced in a way aggregate is priced. And concrete is literally priced on a daily basis with good jobs every single day. And we have an opportunity. And we have an opportunity that we can take it either way. Our choice is to continue to be very disciplined around our pricing strategy.  And so I think a lot of those processes and the way we look at things during this time is paying dividends around the way we choose the price. 
Larry Solow: Just anecdotally discussed, sort of any changes in sort of levels of pipeline or sort of level of bidding activity as we sort of look out. And I don't want to do -- ready to give any guidance, but is that remained fairly constant any material changes over the last few months.
Ronnie Pruitt: It's interesting, we track a lot of different data points. And when pipeline, bidding activity tracking different metrics of all kinds. And obviously, we've seen lots of activity on the residential side. And the residential piece of our markets are a lot more shorter timeframe from quote to execution. And so literally, if we're executing on those on a daily basis.  I would say we're still seeing a lot of activity in our bidding activity. And if anything, we continue to see a slower pace from actual business start. And I think those are the trends we'll just have to overcome through the next of several months of getting the election path system and figuring out what's the next opportunities there as the market starts to rebound?
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Ronnie Pruitt, President and Chief Executive Officer for any closing remarks.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you, Jimmy. Thank you for joining our earnings call today. And we look forward to your participation in our Investor Day on November the 12. Until then, stay safe and be well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude your program and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the U.S. Concrete’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call to John Kunz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
John Kunz: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete’s second quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me on the call today is Ronnie Pruitt, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will make some prepared remarks, after which we will open the call to questions. As detailed on Page 2 of our accompanying presentation to facilitate today’s discussion, today’s call will include forward-looking statements as defined by the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially. Except as legally required, we undertake no obligation to update or conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. For a list of these factors, please refer to the legal disclaimers and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC. Please note that you can find the reconciliations and other information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K, which was filed earlier today. A presentation to facilitate today’s discussion is available on the investor relations section of our website. Before I turn the call over to Ronnie to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and businesses results. Today, we are pleased to present our results for the second quarter. [The] volume disruptions that began in March continued into April, especially in the coastal markets we serve. These disruptions resulted in a significant reduction in revenue during the quarter. As the quarter progressed, we experienced a steady rebounded demand. We achieved substantially higher margins and adjusted EBITDA in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2019, primarily as a result of aggressive cost containment, more efficient utilization of our plant and equipment, and the increased use of our proprietary technology. The improvement in our plant and equipment utilization and overall efficiency was achieved through the use of data analytics, greater use of ‘where's my concrete technology’, and reductions in cycle times. Our performance since the inception of the pandemic, including the strength of our second quarter results is a direct result of our team's rapidly response to this challenging environment and a testament to the strength of our business model. Our focus on building defensible vertically integrated market positions with an increasing concentration in aggregates helped us produce the robust second quarter results and demonstrates the strength of our business model during difficult times and market conditions. Our significant investments in aggregates, most notably Polaris and Coram led to record setting performance of our aggregates business in the second quarter. During the quarter, the impact of the pandemic, the related shelter in place requirements, and other restrictions were most acutely felt in our coastal regions. Even though we were deemed an essential business, many of our customer’s projects were subject to disruptions and delays as the various shutdown orders were being rolled out and implemented. These restrictions impacted demand during the quarter resulting in revenue of $323 million, a 12% decrease, compared to the prior year second quarter. Despite the lower volume in revenue, our total adjusted EBITDA was $47.6 million, a 13.3% increase, compared to the $42.0 million in last year’s second quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 14.8% during the quarter versus 11.4% in the second quarter of 2019. This improvement was driven by both our aggregate and ready mixed operations. Our aggregates adjusted EBITDA margin was 39.6%, which was up 1,500 basis points versus the prior year, and our ready mixed adjusted EBITDA margin was 14%, which was an increase of 190 basis points, compared to the prior year. Our material margin was flat at 47.6% compared to the prior year quarter as we were able to recover modest material price increases. Our EBITDA adjustments for the quarter relate primarily to stock compensation, contingent consideration, realignment initiatives, and purchase accounting adjustments for Coram inventory. For 2020, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 27% and our interest expense to be in the $44 million to $47 million range. Moving on to cash flow and the balance sheet, during the second quarter we generated $40.1 million of cash provided by operating activities more than double the $18.7 million in the prior year quarter. We generated $33.3 million of adjusted free cash flow during the second quarter, compared to $14.1 million in the prior year quarter. Our operating performance and cost containment efforts during the quarter contributed to this improvement. Our focus and effort with respect to working capital added $7.7 million to these results during the quarter. Our solid cash flow allowed us to pay down debt and reduced our net debt by $22 million as of June 30, compared to the March 31 quarter-end, resulting in $741.4 million of net debt at the end of the quarter. The increase in our trailing 12 months EBITDA, along with lower net debt position reduced our leverage at 3.9 times for about a quarter of return, compared to the March 31 leverage ratio.  As of June 30, we had total liquidity of $335 million, including $17.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, $137.3 million of availability under our revolver, plus $180 million of availability under our delayed draw term loan. During the second quarter of 2020, we invested approximately $6.9 million in capital expenditures, compared to approximately $10.9 million for the same period last year. For the full-year 2020, given the improving business environment and the opportunity to allocate capital to both high return and high growth projects, we’re planning for capital expenditures within a range of $30 million to $40 million, but we could reduce this amount if circumstances change. Similar to 2019, we are targeting free cash flow for the full-year to once again be above $100 million. While we had our share of challenges during the quarter, we are very pleased that our management team and employees rose to the challenge by controlling costs, and leveraging our technology, data analytics, and asset base, which led to our improved operating performance during the quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Ronnie.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining the call. I know this continues to be a challenging time for many people. So first and foremost, I hope you're all staying healthy and safe. With the onset of COVID-19, we immediately committed ourselves to the following guidance of global healthcare leaders with a priority of taking care of our people and continuing to serve our customers. We continue to monitor government related mandates and commit to maintaining our focus on these important priorities. The second quarter of 2020 was a very dynamic environment due to the number of COVID cases across the country, and government imposed restrictions put in place that affected our business. We adjusted our operations on a daily basis to serve our customers and their projects that were deemed essential. We witnessed a direct correlation between the number of COVID cases in our markets, and the impact and timing of construction projects in those markets, most notably in New York and California. We witnessed a geographical shift in our revenue due to the operating restrictions in our markets with the West and East regions representing 30% of revenue during the quarter, and the central region comprising the balance of 40%. Turning to our performance, we generated $322.7 million of revenue during the second quarter of 2020, with revenue increasing from 29%, earned in April, 32% earned in May to 39% earned in June. Each month during the quarter, we saw sequential growth in construction activity across our markets as the definition of essential services evolved in each market and restrictions were modified. We are pleased to announce that U.S. concrete’s aggregate operations had record setting quarterly revenue of $55 million with almost 3.2 million tons sold. Our adjusted EBITDA for aggregates operations was $22 million during the second quarter, with an adjusted EBITDA margin net of freight of 51%. Revenue production and EBITDA for our Texas aggregate operations were up year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter and we saw a significant increase in volume led by our Greenfield at MW Ranch, and the modernization of our plant and Mobile Equipment at our Amarillo sand and gravel operation. Both of these strategic investments supported robust construction activity in their regions during the quarter. Our aggregates segment performance was further enhanced by the first full quarter of Coram Materials, our sand and gravel operation on Long Island that we acquired in February. We are very pleased with the integration of Coram, the pull-through of volume to support our operations and the external sales to third party customers in the New York area. In addition to our internal consumption in our New York ready mixed operation, Coram shipped 217,000 tons to external customers during the quarter. As previously discussed, Coram is on target to achieve a post synergized multiple of 7x. Our ready mixed concrete segment delivered nearly 2 million cubic yards of concrete during the quarter, generating over $272 million of revenue and $38 million of adjusted EBITDA. Our ready mixed concrete ASP was up in each of our markets during the quarter, but on a consolidated basis was down slightly due to geographical and product mix. The employees at U.S. Concrete were diligently and efficiently to manage the business and implemented cost cutting measures all while actively re-engineering the business so that we could respond to the changes in each of our operating environments, our proprietary technology platform WheresMyConcrete and its CRM provided valuable real time data and analytics to respond to the changes in our business. During the second quarter, we generated an adjusted EBITDA margin of 14.8% as compared to 11.4% in the second quarter of 2019. The key to delivering the improvement to our operating margins is two-fold. The variable nature of our cost structure for example, in the form of materials delivery labor and fuel, and the agility of our managers showed in each market by resizing and scaling their assets to mirror the market conditions. Our team continues to be focused on the following initiatives: labor management, improved processes, use of internally sourced aggregates, mixed optimization for our concrete, back office consolidation, higher asset utilization, management of plant cost, converting what were traditionally fixed expenses to the sum of variable, and delivery efficiencies with a focus on enhanced customer service and yards for driver hour, with our technology platform WheresMyConcrete. We also benefited from lower fuel cost and lower traffic volumes during the quarter. All of these measures are driving improvements to our cost structure and profitability. Our focus continues to be on operating margins and operating efficiencies. As restrictions were lifted during the quarter, our operating performance also improved as evidenced by our results, as June's performance was substantially better than April's.  In the future, where people live, how they commute to work and what a traditional work environment will be, either remotely or in an office setting, are all still unknown. These trends will impact the residential, commercial, and infrastructure markets that we serve. We're fully prepared to pivot within our markets to address changing demand patterns as exhibited by our second quarter performance. While further volatility and restrictions are clearly possible, and the pandemic's economic impact is still difficult to quantify. I am certain that all companies are evaluating their business and the changing landscape to assess future demand. Based on what we know today, our view is that business and construction restrictions will be limited, which should result in healthy activity levels in our markets resulting in an adjusted EBITDA anchored in the 50s for the third quarter. Looking forward into 2021, a detailed MSA analysis of construct connects U.S. Construction spend for the markets we serve projects a 17.5% increase in put in place commercial construction spending over 2020. Please refer to Slide 8 in our supplemental presentation provided. As a market leader, we participate in all sectors of the industry and have expertise with materials and mix designs and have the relationships, the plant locations, and the assets to support any type of construction project. We continue to support the very large complex projects that we have consistently discussed. It is also important to recognize that we have thousands of customers with thousands of diverse projects across our operating platform. This portfolio diversity highlights the capabilities and our versatility to handle dynamic market conditions and a wide variety of commercial and infrastructure projects in large markets with underlying favorable conditions.  We have the knowledge, ability, and agility to support the projects and in-markets for whatever drives aggregates and concrete demand, whether in residential, commercial, or infrastructure. With attractive and desirable locations, our markets represent over 20% of the U.S. population and are seeing increased population growth, with rates higher than the national average. Due to the proximity of infrastructure projects to our markets, U.S. Concrete has been and will be well-positioned to support these projects. We are even better positioned now to support infrastructure with our aggregates and distribution terminals located near many major markets. This confirms our strategic alignment of aggregates and concrete and attractive markets that are coordinated with our proprietary technology platforms, all of which will be a formidable foundation for any contemplated infrastructure bill. We continue to be laser focused on our strategy. We have diverse operating assets across major metropolitan regions in the United States and further diversified with our robust aggregates portfolio to provide vertical integration for our ready mixed assets, our focus is on maximizing our margins through cost management and operational efficiencies, and as exhibited by our second quarter financial results, we have a variable cost structure. Every employee U.S. Concrete is operating with a sense of purpose to deliver durable, long-term results for all of our stakeholders. We crossed an important operating milestone in U.S. Concrete’s evolution as a company with our second quarter results. We have successfully proven that we can maintain and even improve our operating margins during times of pressure. We have significantly grown the impact of our aggregates business, which represented 36% of total reported segment adjusted EBITDA generated during the quarter.  We have improved our liquidity with the generation of free cash flow. We reduced our leverage to 3.9 times and we recognize stable and even improving pricing of our products during difficult market conditions over the quarter. We are a company focused on delivering aggregates, we are a company focused on delivering concrete, and we are a company focused on delivering results. If you noticed, I emphasize the word ‘we’. This is a team effort, and I want to thank all of our employees for their leadership and dedication. U.S. Concrete’s financial results are tangible evidence of their hard work and efforts. Operator, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Paul Roger - Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Paul Roger: Hi, good afternoon from London, guys. Congratulations on the results. And as always, thanks for taking my questions. And I'll just start off with two of them, please. Obviously, the big story today, I guess is about the excellent margin performance. Now, clearly, demands will be whatever it is in the second half, but when we think about those margins, do you think they're sustainable and that's a realistic level that you'll get again in the second half? And then my second question is on the ready mixed pricing, looks like they fell, I think let's say about 5% sequentially in the quarter. Now, you've mentioned mix. So, is it possible to tell us what that was on a mix adjusted basis? And how concerned should we be about that? Obviously, the industry typically pricing historically has been quite volatile.
Ronnie Pruitt: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. Good afternoon on your side of the pond. So, I'll take the first question on margin. So, I'll give you a couple of data points to think about. And I really want to talk about sequential quarter-over-quarter, so if you look at our Q1 volumes, we were right at around 2 million yards. Our volumes in Q2 were very similar right at about 2 million yards.  So, if I look at those comparable on the quarter-over-quarter, and then I’d take, what I'm going to talk about is our total plant cost, which is really our labor and our repair and maintenance at our ready mixed operating facilities, as well as our total delivery cost, and when I look at those in a total dollar amount, quarter-over-quarter, our total plant cost was down a little over $4 million. On a percentage basis, if I look at our labor cost at our plants, they were down about 16%. Our repair and maintenance was down an additional 16%. You know, on the on the delivery side, we were down about $11 million in total on a Q-over-Q sequentially. If I take that and I really look at fuel, we had a tailwind on fuel. Obviously, everyone has talked about the tailwind on fuel, but fuel only made up about $2 million of that. And so when I think about the other things that go into our delivery cost, our delivery labor was down about 14%, our delivery R&M cost was down 23%. So those are things that we control. Those are decisions we made. And, you know, I just, I want to emphasize that fuel has been a tailwind. Traffic congestion continues to be a tailwind, but we're also really driving with the help of our technology and planning. And, you know, every dip manager out there watching the labor side to me is where we have the most control over that, and we will continue to focus on that. And I'll let John give you a little insight on the pricing side.
John Kunz: So Paul, with respect to our ASP, the short answer to your question is on a mix adjusted basis, our ASP is actually up 1.3%. Now, if you think about that, just conceptually, you know, obviously, the Atlantic region was the hardest hit, they have one of the higher ASPs. So as that volume drops, that's going to have obviously pull down the ASP, but when you look across the regions, our regions and just do them individually, we're really up in every region. We really didn't see a decrease in the quarter for the region, but you know, 1.3% is what we saw on a mix adjusted basis.
Paul Roger: Okay, that's good. And just going back to Ronnie's answer to the first question, and linking it to UseMyConcrete [sic] [WheresMyConcrete], what lines does UseMyConcrete [sic] [WheresMyConcrete] really help you address? Is it the delivery down logistics or is it labor? And what proportion of your network is actually using this tool now?
Ronnie Pruitt: I think you referred to WheresMyConcrete? WheresMyConcrete is our…
Paul Roger: Apology.
Ronnie Pruitt: That’s okay. We spend a lot of money getting that name right there, Paul. So, WheresMyConcrete, our entire Atlantic region is on it. In the first half of the year, we rolled out all of our DFW ready mix on it, and currently we're installing it in West Texas that our Ingram ready mix. The next phase of it will be rolled out into our California footprint. And so if you think about it on, we're a little over probably three quarters of the way done as far as the number of yards we're running through the system. The thing that the system allows us to do, it’s our scheduling, it’s scheduling of our customers orders, it’s scheduling of our labor, it’s scheduling of all of our delivery, and so when we think about the efficiencies we try to drive and using analytics to do that, it's getting out ahead of us and estimating the impacts of what would have historically taken eight trucks to serve a job now takes four trucks to serve a job, what would have historically taken, you know, 10 hours to serve a job is now taking 6 hours to serve a job.  So, the system's ability to predict that and be real time learning is critical to us. Because if we were going back in old way of doing business, we would have, you know, been estimating that on our own, and maybe it would have taken several weeks to estimate that and we didn't know traffic patterns, and we didn't know, you know, the things that really drive our efficiencies. And so that's what the technology allows us to do. On a real time basis, it's making adjustments to predict demand and predict traffic and printing labor needs, and so that's what we use it for to – it also schedules all of our in-bound materials. It adds a lot of functions to it, but from the most part, it's really a predictability model that we're trying to be more predictable with our needs and in managing those labor and assets.
Paul Roger: That’s really interesting. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my questions today. Wanted to look more on the concrete side of your business, for margins on a go forward basis, how much of the efficiency – how much of the margin improvement in the quarter was really driven by efficiency or shortened drive times from lower traffic, but also the tools that you have internally versus cutting other variable costs, and you know along that with the other costs with labor, could you give more clarity in terms of changes you may have done on the labor front and including cutting back on guaranteed times, and what does that mean for the future?
John Kunz: Yeah, good morning, Kathryn. Thank you. You know, going through some of the numbers I just talked about, and breaking those down even further, and, you know, at a high level, yes, we did reduce guaranteed hours in our in our non union footprint here in the Texas market. We implemented that early on in April. And I would tell you, you know, we've talked in the past about, you know, how that guaranteed hours was more in-line with our ability to attract consistent labor and you know, we talked about those pressures in the first quarter call, also in the fourth quarter of last year. You know, one of the things we have seen is those pressures on the labor lifted dramatically during this time. Our driver turnover is really a lot better during this time, but from a cost perspective, when we talked about our delivery labor costs being down 14% sequentially, again, I think there's a lot of that that has to do with our predictability, our managing of those driver labor hours. Now, does this traffic help that? It does. And I would say the most impacted markets on the congestion is definitely New York and San Francisco, but at the same time, you know, I've had comments as well, you know, those markets are never going to do this or never going to do that, but you're not going to be able to sustain those kind of efficiencies. I guess my only argument would be, you know, you can't argue that both ways. If they're never going to build another office building in New York then there's not going to be traffic back, if they are going to build those office buildings and there will be traffic back. One way or the other, I can either sustain in for a long time, and the market may shift, and like I've said, we've have the ability to pivot whether that's infrastructure, whether that's commercial, whether that's residential, whatever concrete demand is, we don't make the demand, but we will meet the demand, and you know, the – I think the most positive thing I've taken from these results is our ability of our managers to adapt to predicting what that labor needs are going to be, and really managing down to the daily needs of our labor. And so in a variable cost model, you know, we took cost off. Are some of those costs going to come back? You know, it just depends. There's a lot of factors out there that influence that, but I'm extremely pleased in where we're at. And I'm extremely pleased in our ability to continue to drive the margins that we delivered. 
Kathryn Thompson: So, it’s fair to say that the – perhaps not all, but there is a decent portion of the margin upside that could be classified as a more structural change outside the kind of the labor element.
John Kunz: Yes.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay.
John Kunz: Yeah, I think you look at, I mean, you've pointed it out in the past, as you look at the growth of U.S. Concrete, and the acquisitions that we've done over the last, you know, eight plus years, I mean, what that did give us the ability to do is manage assets. And so if you think about our ability to serve these major metropolitan areas, we have multiple assets in these big markets, that ultimately, we just, we can take a plant down. I mean, when we take a plant down, our labor cost at that plant goes to zero and we can serve the market. I mean, if there's less needs, I don't have to operate all my plants, and when I take that plant down, and I don't have any labor costs there, and really that's what we saw, especially coming out of April into May, and then as we opened those plants back up in June, obviously that labor cost is going to come back, but we're doing that in a way we're predicting the demand on that plant. And so we're are looking at this from an asset management standpoint as well, not just as a delivery company, but also as a production company that we operate these plants in many locations.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, it's helpful. Shifting to California, could you give us an update just between Northern and Southern California? Because the understanding that Southern California got back a little bit faster than Northern, where are you now just in terms of shelter-in-place routes and where are you in terms of not just volumes now, but kind of, what are you seeing in that activity trends in both of those markets?
John Kunz: Yeah, so, you know, Southern California, obviously, we're just there with our Long Beach terminal and we supply that from Polaris. I would tell you that our business during the quarter was pretty steady in Southern California with less or – less interruptions because of the type of work that we are on there. We were more project specific deemed essential. So, we saw very little interruption in Southern California, but obviously a much smaller presence for us. And a lot less opportunity to disrupt because we don't have a wide variety of different projects like we are in Northern California. And Northern California, I think it was very similar to New York as far as the immediate impacts of early on with the restrictions that were put in place, and then as the market opened back up, and those restrictions were lifted, we saw the volumes recover pretty quick and pretty steady. I would tell you we're, you know, from a bidding perspective and pipeline in all the different analysis that we do, as far as how we look forward, in our demand side, we haven't seen a tremendous amount of shift, residential has been steady, we obviously have a lot of technology spend out there, that, you know, I think that's the thing in that market that is, it's tough to predict on a financial model, because there's a lot of liquidity out there.  So there's, I mean, we did a MEDPOR downtown San Francisco on an office mix use tower two weeks ago. And so it's not like, wow, you're just not seeing nothing, everything's come to an end. We're still seeing very good activity. We're still having a lot of interaction with our customers. And I think there's still a lot of, you know, a lot of blurriness and a crystal ball to say, you know, how far ahead of it are you willing to get? I think that's why we said we're confident in what we say for our third quarter and we'll re-evaluate as far as guidance looks after that.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, very helpful. And just final point, and once again, looking at a key geographic market for you for Texas. Your thoughts, you know that – in that market, you're a little bit more exposed to kind of private side. So, resi and non-res to some extent, what are you seeing in terms of trends in that market and what are your thoughts specifically on the resi end market in terms of debt activity? Thank you very much.
Ronnie Pruitt: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, as far as Texas goes, we've seen the resi side pretty much just stay really consistent. I would say the most impact was early on and some of that impact was mixed with both COVID and weather, and so we had some early on weather and so it was really hard to distinguish on the resi side because a lot of the customers we have told us that all the houses that were under construction, were going to continue and they initially were not going to start any new and then that got flipped pretty quick. So, we've seen very consistent results on the resi side. On the non-resi side, I think we continue to see the same trends. We have not really seen anything, as far as the word major cancellations. We've seen words like delay, words like pushed out, but we're also seeing jobs that are bidding on a daily and weekly basis. And so, you know, I think that's going to be the piece to me that we're in the right markets, and so where the people are matters. When you look at per capita consumption and that equation is based on where population is. And so, I would much rather be where I'm at today than in the middle of nowhere, hoping that they're going to build something and my ability to pivot again, whether that's infrastructure, whether that's commercial or whether that is residential is extremely easy for me, extremely easy. I mean, the assets are in the right place, we've got the expertise. So, whatever the demand is, we're in a position to meet.
Kathryn Thompson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning.
John Kunz : Hi Trey.
Trey Grooms: And congrats on the quarter. Nice work, especially on the margins. And I know that's been touched on quite a bit, but the on the aggregate side, it seems like a lot of the things we’re talking about was on the ready mix side, but on aggregates, massive increase there in the gross margin. Can you talk a little bit more about that specifically on the aggregate side and how much of that is due to Coram coming on, you know, and how much of that is more just kind of structural changes that you've made, there would be my first question?
John Kunz: Yeah, Trey. I think definitely a benefit from Coram. Definitely continued benefit from Polaris and also, you know as I called out MW Ranch, our Greenfield investment that was really fully online in the first of the year, but really maximizing that through the quarter was also you know, a very big toe in-force on the margin side. You know, I guess the way I would look at it Trey and when we talk about net of freight 51% margins on our aggregate side. You know, I think the lack of credit we get is people look at sand and gravel as kind of a stepchild to hard rock. Hard rock is good, hard rock is necessary. We have hard rock quarries in New Jersey, but if you look at a yard of concrete, there's also fine aggregates needed. In every single yard, there's fine aggregates needed and when you look at the operations I have today with Coram within MW Ranch, with Rainbow, with Red River, with Chatfield, with Polaris, and I’d go on down the list of sand and gravel plants that I have. My cost structure, there is just so much different. I don't have drill and blasting. I have very, very little quarry cost. It's extremely efficient, and how we mine the sand. And if you look at the ASPs for our aggregates, I mean, they're just really steady. And so as we continue to put those improvements in our operations we continue to invest in a mobile equipment that also has a really good payback for our efficiencies. I just think we're in a really good position with our aggregate strategy, and what we've done, and we talked about from a location matters and so everything we've done has been coordinated around our pull-through strategy. And so what we did at Polaris is the exact same thing we talked about at Coram and Coram is another example that we buy it, we integrate it, and we can pull through and control it. We did the hard work on the downstream assets. Once you have the downstream assets, the rest of the work is a lot, lot easier. And that's the story we continue to try to tell. And I think that's the story that we continue to not get credit for. So hopefully, you know these results we can continue to deliver. And, you know, people will give us credit for what we've done in aggregate. It's a tough business, but I believe we're in the right place with the right locations, and definitely have the right operating teams and I'm very proud of what our teams did.
Trey Grooms: And seeing, you know aggregates now 36% of EBITDA in the quarter is definitely worth noting. And I guess to follow-up still just kind of sticking with aggregates just for a second, you know, Coram you closed on that and then, you know, right out of the gate you had, you know, COVID hit. So, I don't, clearly I don't think we've seen, you know, its full potential. So, how are you thinking about that aggregate mix, you know, as a portion of your total EBITDA as we go forward?
Ronnie Pruitt: I think that 36% as, you know, as we see the interruptions in COVID, it interrupted both sides. So it did interrupt the concrete side, too. So, as we've continued to see the markets, month-over-month sequentially improve, we've continued to see both sides of it improve. I would tell you on a, you know on a margin side and an EBITDA side, obviously the aggregates is going to have a much greater influence. You know, on a revenue side, the Coram is a lot of FOB sales and so it's really, really clean operation that has just a lot of FOB customers. You know, the other side of that is that, you know, one of the benefits of being vertically integrated in that market is just the visibility it gives us into the entire market. It's just a really good fit for us with a pure pull-through into that New York market. So, it not only supports our own internal operations, but we have a lot of really good third party customers there that are also diversified in other markets there, and so it really diversifies us in all those other markets in residential and smaller commercial stuff and in infrastructure as well. So, I think it gives us a better cushion around any volatility in the New York market as well. 
Trey Grooms: Got it. And then switching gears to the, you had a little bit of commentary around 3Q, just to make sure I heard you right, it sounded like adjusted EBITDA in the 50s range. I was having some technical difficulties and it was breaking up around that time, I want to make sure I heard that right first off? And secondly, if you can maybe give a little bit more color about, you know, kind of what you're what you're seeing that drives you to that number and, you know, kind of what's your saying that grabs you to that number and you know, kind of what’s backed into that, I guess?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yeah, Trey, you did hear, we should have anchored in the 50s. And so we're trying to get a little range there. And I will tell you what we see and what gives us confidence in that is; one, on the margin side durability side, the things I've talked about the things we've put in place to manage this business through the pressures that we see; and two, the continued sequential month-over-month-over-month improvements. And so I think we're far enough into the Q3 that we can have that visibility, and I think we're going to be really patient around getting too far out ahead of that.  I can tell you that we're confident in our ability to manage the business, and we're not trying to get out and predict the demand side, but we will absolutely maximize our assets and absolutely be in a position that whatever drives concrete demand and aggregate demand that we can meet that demand.
Trey Grooms: Understood. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Hi, good morning everybody. Congratulations on a nice quarter. I apologize if you mentioned this, I have been juggling a bunch of calls this morning, did you guys provide any commentary on Trent in July? I heard the 50 million plus for EBITDA, but I was just curious kind of, if you had said anything about July?
John Kunz: No, we did not. I think Stanley what we have said is, we just continue to see sequential improvements in our business. So, as markets have stabilized and opened back up, we continue to see the same trends that we did, as I gave you the example of the difference in April, the difference in May, the difference in June, we've continued to see just a small steady increase in how the markets look more stable as we've gotten into July.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. Did you guys provide any contribution from acquisitions in the quarter in terms of that nice ramp on the aggregates piece?
Ronnie Pruitt: Now, I mean, we called out kind of, what the external influence on Coram was, and we called out where we believe Coram is exactly in-line with where we had originally said. Even through COVID, even through the timing of announcing that at the end of February and all the difficulties that everybody said we were going to have, we were absolutely on pace on a post-synergy of 7x multiple in that acquisition, so you can model that however you would like, but I think that absolutely we’re confident in that.
Stanley Elliott: And lastly, you did just a nice job on the cost side, in delivery cost. Is it pretty well split between kind of your union and non-union markets? Just curious kind of how those costs trended, and if there were any different between those two?
John Kunz : Yeah, I would tell you using from a modeling perspective, what we said was there was a shift regionally from 30% of our revenues came in the east, 30% west, and 40% in our central. So, I would say from a volume perspective, cost perspective, those kind of things. That's a pretty good model to use. Obviously, there's some higher labor costs on our union contracts and things like that, but I think, if you use that kind of model in the quarter, most of that will wash out.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect guys. Thanks for the time appreciate it. Best of luck.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you, Stanley.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
Adam Thalhimer: Very good morning guys. Congrats.
John Kunz: Hey, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, I'm just curious, like on the visibility front, I know a couple months ago, you know, it’s hard to have faith and kind of your concrete schedules, just with client’s kind of moving things around during the pandemic, has that improved at all just your disability in general?
Ronnie Pruitt: I think our visibility from a standpoint of, you know, we have a CRM system that we use that we've – is part of our WheresMyConcrete technology that we developed. In the CRM, we've actually rolled that out everywhere. We put the CRM in place ahead of dispatching technology and what the CRM does is it allows us to be way more specific down to the customer level. So, we track a lot of things on customer trends, because at the end of the day, our customers are the ones that we see the biggest impact as far as inflows and outflows of jobs. And so when we really start predicting year-over-year customer trends, I mean, I think we have a real pretty good visibility into where they're at and if there's shifts in the market because we have customers segmented in residential, customers segmented in commercial, and customer segment in infrastructure. So I, you know, we're just trying to get so far away from the typical backlog that people talk about, because backlog to us was Stone Age, and people that still want to talk about backlog, there's a lot more data out there that we can use and we think we can be smarter around planning our asset, planning our labor, planning our investment, planning our CapEx, playing those things around, more visibility into what forward looking things are going to look like. And so, I would tell you again, I mean, we what we are going to be disciplined in is our pricing side. We do not – we did not create demand on our product with pricing. It never has and it never will. So whatever demand is going to look like, we're prepared to supply that, but I would say you know in the construct connect information we gave you, even if you think about the way a lot of whether it's construct connect, whether it’s – a lot of these guys are reporting, you know, we're always going to be a lag because a lot of those projects get reported right up front. And then we may be pouring on the job three, four, five more months, but we're also a lag on the front-end. So, you know, it kind of balances out, but I would tell you, you know, I think from our perspective, we feel good on continuing to see the sequential improvements that we've seen, you know, really starting from mid-May when a lot of the restrictions were lifted.
Adam Thalhimer: Yeah. Okay. That's my key point. Like, as the restrictions were lifted, how would you characterize kind of customer behavior? I mean, as we sit here in July, are you seeing customers saying, and you alluded to this in San Francisco, but saying, hey, rates are low. I got to move on this stuff?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yeah, I think it's been a combination of both. I think some of them were more impacted by restrictions depending on what type of work they were. So some of them immediately started back to work on jobs that they already had. And they hit the ground running. I mean, it was full speed ahead, you know, the hole was already dug, whatever dirt work was done. And then we've seen a certain amount of customers that said, you know, we don't know what's going to happen. And then two weeks later, you know, jobs came back, if they thought we're going to be delayed for a long time. And so there's market-by-market, segment-by-segment residential has been very consistent. And I wouldn't say, you know, I don't want to use the words of, you know, records or blah, blah, blah, but it's been very consistent. And I think that's the ability for us to continue to push, the efficiencies that we've built-in and controlling our cost is, it's a consistent model that we can get ahead of and really manage that labor, as well as, you know the [R&M] and the things like that, that we said we control during the quarter.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then just from a sense of like, your guys on the ground, the activity they're seeing, the bids they're seeing, maybe the easiest thing to do would just be kind of, you know, rank your big geographies New York, San Fran, Dallas, kind of, you know, where you feel the most confident the next kind of 6 to 12 months and maybe where you feel the least?
Ronnie Pruitt : Yeah, I would say from a confidence standpoint, we've talked about it in the past, Texas is very diverse. Texas has a lot of growth. Texas has a lot of land and affordability is obviously a big piece of that. And so I think, you know, Texas is one that probably can pivot the most to whatever demand there is and whatever economic factors influences it. I would say from a standpoint of both New York and San Francisco and New Jersey and D.C., and Philadelphia, that, I mean, the positive thing is there's so much infrastructure demand, and it's not infrastructure from a standpoint of, you know, how we're going to pay for, what's it going to be bah, bah, bah, there's a lot of that political stuff that's going to still happen. From a demand perspective, those markets have been starved for infrastructure dollars, and you know, when you think about our footprint, I mean, it's where the infrastructure dollars are needed. And I don't care if we talk about well, there's going to be a transition out to the suburbs from the city. We can reach the suburbs. We're in Westchester. We're in New Jersey. We can reach those markets. And it's not like oh, well, everything leaves that city. And you're done there. Now, we can pivot and go to the suburbs too and we've got really good assets to fit that, and so I'm confident in all of our markets, all of them will look different. All of them are going to have different demand drivers. And again, I think location matters and where people are matters, and I just feel very confident and we pick and pick the right locations, because population and per capita is a very big driver of what concrete and aggregate demand is.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay, great. Okay, great. Thank you, Ronnie.
Ronnie Pruitt: Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Brendan on for Larry. Just wanted to ask about looking at the aggregates margins year-over-year, how much, could you speak to how much Coram attributed to that benefit?
John Kunz: We don't break out Coram. I would tell you Coram’s aggregate results are similar to our other sand and gravel results. I mean, I think they were all very good from a production side. They were all very good from a sales price being consistent and movement on that. And so, you know, looking at Coram, it's just another really good aggregate play for us that has really, really good pull-through and obviously as we put more volume through it, those margins are going to just improve.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just looking at your pipeline, you talked about some that you've seen steady fairly quickly, looking beyond, I guess [the price] you're working on now, I mean, how are customers approaching, you know, feature large projects, you know, are you having similar amounts of conversations with customers about that stuff that's I guess, not necessarily backlog, but potential looking more out like potential backlog? Are people just kind of sitting and waiting, are you still having those projects conversations?
Ronnie Pruitt: No. We're having lots of project conversations and the same amount of planning that goes into these complex projects are still haven't changed even though those maybe virtual planning meetings now, instead of in-person, the planning still goes into that. And I would tell you that, I think our customers are taking the same approach we are – they're pleasantly surprised by the amount of work that's come back and they're being cautiously optimistic about what's to come. They have their relationships just like we have our relationships with developers, with owners, with key projects, and I think so depending on which segment you're in, and which markets you're in. Those customers levels of confidence are going to vary, but I would say overall, the tone is pretty positive.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ronnie Pruitt: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Zane Karimi with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Zane Karimi: Hey, good morning guys. Congrats on the quarter and hope everyone is staying healthy and well.
John Kunz: Thanks, Zane.
Zane Karimi: So, first off, I think was off of Katherine's question earlier, but to what degree have you guys been able to – employees back to job sites in New York City in the Bay Area, and how much of a recovery should we assume [into 3Q]?
Ronnie Pruitt: So, as far as job sites and restrictions, we have no restrictions as far as government imposed or local restrictions on job sites in New York or in San Francisco. So, the restrictions have been lifted. I mean, we have a lot of safety things we're doing with our own internal employees, and then we have safety things that are also being done by our customers on job sites. So, there's a lot of, you know, things that we're doing from a safety perspective, but as far as restrictions as far as being on jobs, we don't have any of those right now on either market. So, I would say that from a natural progression of the jobs we're covering, it's just all about now the customers and the job and what our ability is to actually start those jobs back. So, it's nothing that is from a governance perspective being restricted.
Zane Karimi: Thank you. Then, how much longer can you guys sustain CapEx at these levels? I think it was below DD&A and can you remind of the true maintenance CapEx run rate?
John Kunz: Yeah, so, for our CapEx, you know that 30 million to 40 million range isn't too far below our depreciation, as you refer to that, there is depletion and amortization in there as well. So, the depreciation there was by – in the mid-60s, so our forecast is a little bit lower than that. We think that we can sustain it, and obviously for the remainder of the year and then as we go on to next year, it will evaluate how we think about it, but we do want to allocate capital to the high growth, high return projects going forward. So, it's something that certainly can be managed.
Zane Karimi: Okay, well, thank you guys very much.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company.
Julio Romero: Hey, good morning. Hope you all are well.
John Kunz: Thanks, Julio.
Julio Romero: Guess my first question is on ready mixed pricing, John I appreciate you calling out the mix adjusted price being up 1.3% on the quarter, can you just talk about pricing trends you're maybe seeing today, and you know are your geographic markets still holding price on a standalone year-over-year basis?
John Kunz: Yeah, I would. I would tell you, what we're seeing today is, very little pressure on pricing, very little pressure on what a normal economic downturn would look like. You know, and I think as you think about that, Julio, the markets have changed. I mean, we did a lot of consolidation. There's been other consolidation to help and there's been a focus over the past, you know, 8 to 10 years ever since Bill started the strategy of ruling up a lot of these assets that the investment community to – all sides of it hammered on us about how the importance of pricing was. And so when you look at the PPI, and you can go back over the last five years, and you can look at it currently, ready mix pricing is holding really well, really strong. And you know, there is a very, very strong correlation between ready mixed pricing and aggregate pricing and cement pricing. And I've told you in the past, and I'll reiterate it, I'm in a position that I'm not trying to beat up suppliers every day. I've told you, I'm not going to give up material margins and I'm not willing to give up material margins, but I'm going to support those increases. I'm in the aggregate business, I don't do any good trying to find one source of beating someone up and then it all gets given away, and so, you know, our role as a leader in our markets has continued to do the things we do. And pricing being stable is one of the things we’ve said in the past, that was our focus, and it's going to continue to be a focus. And I'm not saying there won’t be ups and downs, but strategically with the systems we have, the analytics we're using, with our CRM tool, with our WMC tool we're going to make the right decisions from a profitability standpoint with pricing. And if we have to walk away, we walk away, but we're just not, again, we're not going to create concrete demand with the price of concrete.
Julio Romero: Thank you. I appreciate the caller. And I guess that dovetails into just my follow up question is, you know, you do have some healthy share in the Northeast of California and you've got some defensible positions in those markets, have you, I mean, do you think you maybe have gained any share or seen any broader changes in the competitive landscape, just given the volatility in the quarter in those markets? Thank you?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yeah, I don't think in the quarter, and I think because of the restrictions because of the type of work because of the choppiness and how those jobs opened back up, and we're down, that there was really, really hard to get visibility into what market share was because it just really depended on what job you had going into it and how that job was affected. So, I think it's too early to say, you know, you're going to go out and really think that someone gave up or took market share. As the market stabilizes, and as we continue to see consistency in the markets, we evaluate that normally. It's not something we overreact to because it can ebb and flow with large projects and if you lose a large project for whatever reason or you get a large project for whatever reason, you know, your market share could really take a big jump. It's not something that I measure from a standpoint of being aggressive or being more on the pricing side because it's just too many moving parts.
Julio Romero: Understood. Thanks for taking the questions. Appreciate it.
John Kunz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session for today. I would like to turn the call to Ronnie Pruitt for his final remarks.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you. [Cameron]. From all of us at U.S. Concrete, thank you for joining our second quarter call. We will continue to navigate these challenging times and deliver excellent operating margins to drive shareholder value. We look forward to sharing our third quarter financial results in a few months, until then, stay safe and be well.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference call coordinator today. All participants are currently in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] During the Q&A portion of this call, we ask that you limit your participation to one question, plus a follow-up. It will allow everyone who wishes the opportunity to participate. Now, I would like to turn the call over to your host Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning, everyone. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is accompanied by a press release issued this morning and a supplemental presentation posted to our website vulcanmaterials.com. Additionally, a recording of this call will be available for replay at our website later today. Please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures and other information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. I will now turn the call over to Tom to begin our prepared remarks. Tom?
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. As you all know, we're living and operating in times that challenge us all, both at work and at home. We hope you and your families are healthy and safe. It's been over two months since our company proactively began taking protective measures to keep our people healthy, while continuing to crush rocks, service our customers and run our business. I'd like to begin the call by saying thank you to all of our employees, for their patience, their flexibility and commitment to Vulcan, each other and to our customers, as well as to our communities. You are doing a great job, under difficult circumstances. I am very proud to be part of your team. We had a very good first quarter. It was in line with our expectations and we didn't experience much disruption other than some wet weather. Before Suzanne goes over the quarter results, I'd like to talk about the underlying strength of Vulcan's business model and then I'll speak to how we're proactively responding to the COVID-19 pandemic and to the economic uncertainties that this crisis has created across our economy. First, I want to emphasize that the underlying fundamentals driving our business remain unchanged. Our aggregates-focused business is sound, is resilient and more adaptable to demand shifts than any other products in our space. We have a strong and stable aggregates franchise that was built over 60 years. As a result, we remain confident about our company with its inherent strengths that will provide long-term stability and growth. In the near term, however, these are extraordinarily complex and uncertain times that are and will continue to test our resolve and our resilience. Our approach is to identify, prioritize and to focus on what we can control and to take appropriate thoughtful and decisive actions. At times like these the ability to make decisions quickly and accurately and to execute effectively is critical. I'd like to highlight a few of the priorities that are top of mind for our management team today. First and foremost, the health and safety of our people are of paramount importance to us. Early on, Vulcan implemented a robust set of COVID-19 protections, precautions and procedures. We are following the guidance of the CDC and other health organizations to keep us working in the safest environment possible. I'm pleased to tell you, its working. Second we are focused on our financial position. We entered this crisis with a strong balance sheet and liquidity. In addition, we have taken prudent steps to further enhance our financial position, including supplementing our existing revolving credit facility with a term loan and reducing our planned capital expenditures for the remainder of 2020. Next, continuous improvement remains vitally important to us. We are utilizing our four strategic initiatives, particularly commercial and operational excellence, to improve our execution capabilities and manage our business more efficiently. Fourth, we are concentrating on real-time communication. This ensures that the management team has immediate insight into what's happening on the ground, at our quarries, in our markets and with our customers. Our top operating and functional team leaders are constantly participating in calls where discussions -- where we are discussing and monitoring the health of our employees, the business and the impacts from the pandemic. This allows us to look around corners and quickly adjust our plans, particularly with respect to possible changes in demand or the timing of construction activity. It also helps us to cascade communication to align employees to accelerate the decision-making process and to promote the sharing of best practices particularly around health and safety. And finally, we're looking ahead and focused on contingency planning, from both the financial and the operational perspective. Now, I already mentioned a couple of proactive steps we took to enhance our already strong financial position. Operationally, each division has developed detailed contingency plans and trigger points to allow us to execute well ahead of the curve depending on the pandemic's effect on construction activities. These plans include among many other items, changing our production schedules, project timing and reducing costs. Certain elements of these plans are already underway particularly around cost reduction and project timing. As you can see, we are taking many steps to adapt to the changing environment. We are vigilantly monitoring this evolving situation. Now, I'll describe what we're seeing from a demand and shipment perspective and how that translates to an outlook for the remainder of 2020. During the first quarter, we were designated an essential business. As a result, the shipment activity was good across our markets, as customers executed on their backlogs and we continued to book both private and public projects. These conditions generally continued in April. However, on the private side, we have begun to see some project schedules shift including some postponements and cancellations. This adds to our uncertainty about near-term demand. We have sufficient backlogs to stay busy, but we cannot control future demand. So, given the lack of visibility, as to the duration and impact of the pandemic and to the quickly evolving economic situation, there is just a level of unpredictability with respect to project timing and new construction starts. When we provided our previous guidance, we try to strike a reasonable and a thoughtful balance between being realistic and being cautious. We now find ourselves in a more dynamic world in which we believe the balance should shift toward a more cautious approach. Therefore, we have decided to withdraw our previous earnings guidance for 2020. We will continue to monitor all aspects of our markets. As more data becomes available and our visibility improves, we'll resume our usual practice of providing guidance. Now, I'll hand the call over to Suzanne for additional comments. Suzanne?
Suzanne Wood: Thank, Tom and good morning. I'll cover some highlights from the quarter and also comment on our balance sheet and liquidity position. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter grew by 4% to $201 million. This included a foreign currency balance sheet translation loss of $6 million, resulting from the rapid devaluation of the Mexican peso in March. In the Aggregates segment, our gross profit improved by 5%. On a per ton basis that translated to $4.31 or a 6% increase year-over-year. Cash gross profit per ton also increased by 6% in the quarter to $6.02. Given the seasonality of the first quarter, we typically look at cash gross profit on a trailing 12-month basis. That number was $6.82 per ton, an increase of 7%, representing another good step forward on our path to $9. This quarter's aggregates shipments were 1% lower than Q1 last year, which was a tough comp. You'll recall that the first quarter of 2019 experienced strong year-over-year growth of 13% as a result of delayed shipments from the fourth quarter of 2018. There was also some negative impact from wet weather this year in the Southeast and the Southwest, but California, Florida, Illinois and Virginia realized solid growth. All of our key markets reported year-over-year price growth, up 4.5% on a reported basis and 4.8% on a mix-adjusted basis. Unit cost of sales increased by 4%. As expected, we continue to have some impact from higher repairs, maintenance and stripping. Wet weather inefficiencies also had an impact on the cost profile in certain markets. On the positive side, lower diesel fuel costs benefited the quarter by approximately $3 million. Moving on to our non-aggregates segments. I'll start with asphalt. Our gross profit this year was a $2 million loss compared to a loss of $3 million last year. Asphalt shipments increased by 2% and prices increased by 5%. In addition, the average unit cost for liquid asphalt was 6% lower than last year's quarter and this also contributed to the expanding margins. This represented the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year profit improvement. The concrete segment also saw better results this year. Gross profit improved by 8% to $9 million led by a 10% increase in shipments and a 3% increase in average selling prices. SAG expenses declined 4% year-over-year and as a percentage of revenue improved by 90 basis points. This resulted from adjustments to stock-based compensation and earlier-implemented cost reductions. Our return on investment continued to improve increasing by 110 basis points to 13.9% for the trailing 12 months ended March 31. Consistent with past practice, this has been calculated on an adjusted EBITDA basis. Tom has already commented on our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, which we further enhanced in April with the $750 million term loan. Our available liquidity is now $1.6 billion. This is comprised of the term loan, the undrawn revolving credit facility and cash on hand. Our debt structure is very good with a weighted average debt maturity of 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.2%. And in terms of leverage our debt-to-EBITDA ratio on a gross basis was 2.2 times and on a net basis it was 2.1 times. Tom mentioned our contingency planning efforts. A part of these plans relate to our capital expenditures. We have reduced our expected 2020 spend from a total of $475 million to between $275 million and $325 million. The majority of this amount will be spent on operating and maintenance CapEx and most of our growth projects will be placed on hold. Our capital allocation priorities remain the same. But in light of the uncertainty created by the pandemic, we are most committed to operating and maintenance CapEx to protect the value of our franchise, dividends and the overall preservation of our liquidity. From an M&A perspective, our evaluation of opportunities will be even more stringent and we will remain disciplined in this area. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Suzanne. Before we go to Q&A, I want to take this opportunity to again thank the employees of Vulcan for their hard work and their dedication. They've taken good care of our customers, and continue to improve our operating disciplines and efficiencies. Our MSHA/OSHA injury rate this quarter was 0.75 accidents per 200,000 employee hours worked, a 15% decrease from the same quarter last year. Simultaneously, our hard-working teams have followed strict COVID-19 protocols and stayed healthy. Our world-class safety record over the last three years underscores how committed our people are to superior performance in safety and health. Our culture of putting people and safety at the center of our decisions serves our shareholders and our employees well. We are committed to making decisions about our business that will protect the financial health of the business and will ensure strong growth for the long term. We entered uncertain times in a position of strength. We will exit uncertain times in a position of strength. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thank you guys for taking the call and good to hear to voices.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Stanley Elliott: Could you all talk, I guess kind of Tom high level? I mean, obviously plenty of uncertainty in the marketplace. I'd love to get your take on kind of, what you're seeing more broadly across the portfolio maybe even a little more detail on what to – what you're seeing in trends in April if you could please?
Tom Hill: Sure. I would describe April as a continuation of the first quarter. I think volumes, we've seen them shipping kind of as usual. The one exception, I'd call out would be in the Bay Area where residential and non-residential construction were not deemed essential. We're seeing that lighten up though. I mean, they've lifted that in Napa and our customers in that area are telling us that they've got – when it lifts they're ready to go both in res and non-res. So, as far as April is concerned, so far so good from a demand perspective, again, lots of unknowns out there. We've seen some postponements and some delays. So we'll see how the rest of the quarter plays out. From a pricing perspective, I would tell you the cadence again is much like the first quarter. I don't see a big delta between April and the first three months.
Stanley Elliott: In pricing, the pricing was obviously very good in the quarter. I mean, should we think about the demand piece obviously there's plenty of uncertainty out there. Is it fair to assume that kind of the structures you all have in place kind of what's being done at the ground level that maybe there's a little more visibility on the pricing side?
Tom Hill: Yeah. I think that the visibility on the pricing side is particularly with the disciplines that we've put in on our commercial excellence piece is very clear. For the short term, I don't see anything that would throw me off of how we – again our cadence in the first four months. So, again, so far so good in the quarter you saw it --- we were at 4.8 mix-adjusted. The mix was in the Southeast where we had a lot of rain. Most all of our January price increases stuck. We have some price increases to fixed plants and ready-mixed that go in April. Most of those went through April 1. There's a few that pushed into May, but they're going to stick. So I think prices should hold throughout 2020. And I would tell you, they'll hold even if you see volumes slide a little bit in the second half. That's one of the unique characteristics about aggregates. And we've seen that prove out over past cycles.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. I will pass along. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. First for the team just a bigger picture view taking a step back could you help clarify the differences between Vulcan today versus the Great Recession a little over 10 years ago? In particular, how has end-market exposure changed, geographic mix changed, structural costs adjustments and other important fundamental differences today versus the last downturn? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yeah. Good morning, Kath. Thank you. First of all, from a market perspective the markets are just fundamentally and structurally different. And actually, they're structurally better. You don't have the overbuilding that we had some 12 years ago. If you look at it from either a res or a non-res perspective, we're still below long-term averages. You've got much better highway funding. Our core states, Vulcan's core states have made big investments in infrastructure and we didn't have that 12 years ago. And then the fundamentals are just good. I mean you've got -- you don't have the overbuilding. You've got extremely low inventories of houses. You've got low interest rates. So, just fundamentally construction demand is in a better position today than it was 12 years ago. From Vulcan's perspective, we're just a very different company. Structurally, our product lines are different. We are uniquely advantaged in the Aggregates business. We don't have any cement. The little bit of ready-mixed we have is in great markets. Our balance sheet and liquidity is much better. And then we started earlier in this to ensure that our unit margins either continues to improve or protect it. And those are those four initiatives that we talked about: the commercial piece, the operating disciplines, logistics and procurement. And as we said last year, those initiatives which are very much maturing will in good times will help us grow unit margins. If we get headwinds, it will protect our unit margins. So, we're just in a lot better place and as are the markets.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. And I would just add to that too Kathryn. I mean from my perspective, when you go through uncertain times like these having a management team that has a deep knowledge of operations. It's just so important, because you have leaders who know how to exercise good judgment and how to make decisions that are right for the business, because it's really about striking an appropriate balance between short-term and long-term decisions. And as I think about my colleagues around the table on the senior management team, certainly Tom, Stan Bass and Tom Baker, I mean these guys were Division Presidents, out in the field in the last Great Recession running a business. So, they are absolutely battle-tested. And I just think that's very important. They've got the first-hand knowledge from having put together actionable plans to stay ahead of the curve back then and that experience has been brought forth now. So I think that that is something that gives me confidence that we will be in a position to make the right decisions and execute them well. And as Tom said, I mean I think, we -- and while this is a difficult time in many ways, from a structural perspective, we're much better off than we were in the last recession anyway.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. That's helpful. The next question is really a comparison and contrast between two end markets one that has more visibility versus one that maybe is a little cloudier. On the public side, you're seeing acceleration of construction work. But also you cited states that were outperforming, overall were Illinois and California. To what extent, the public really helped to drive demand at those states, because they do have more recent structural changes in funding? And then I guess the contrast against that. Help us understand how you're thinking about the non-res end market. Our contacts aren't seeing a wholesale cancellation of projects, but projects being pushed out in terms of start date. How are you thinking about that non-res exposure? Thank you.
Tom Hill: I'll take the non-res first. In the vast majority of our markets, shipments to non-res projects, it just continues to be strong. Our bookings and our backlogs continue to be healthy. Again the exception we'd call out would be the Bay Area, which we think will hopefully is starting to start back up, and we'll get that back on track. I think Houston is a watch for us. We have seen along the coast the LNG projects that -- the ones that are started are going. The ones that haven't -- had not started are being pushed back. We also see a few other non-res jobs push back; very few cancellations. I can only think of one or two to come to mind. Our -- if you talk to our ready-mixed customers, they feel good for now. I think they probably have some pause or concerns passed getting through the backlog. So there's just a lot of unknowns from a non-res perspective with the impact of COVID-19 on non-res construction. Will work bid will it continue? But, so far so good, but we're watching it closely. The highway piece is a strength for us. Currently the state DOT work is shipping normal. We've got solid backlogs. We continue to have solid bookings. However, most states are projecting, as you guys know, a decline in revenues and AASHTO would tell you that's probably on average 30%. The vast majority of our states have continued construction and maintenance as expected. They expect the lettings for fiscal year 2020 to continue as planned. Exceptions to that would be Pennsylvania, which has halted construction; Kentucky, Mississippi, which has suspended lettings; and then North Carolina, we know, came into this year with financial issues although the legislation -- their legislators are trying to fix that. The flip side of that is some of our key states Florida, California, Alabama, Texas, are all accelerating work, and that's both efficient and safer. And now what we know on this is that shipments for now are strong and good. Lettings for the near term, three or four months are solid. We don't know what the future holds for these DOTs past three or four months out. There -- none of ours have released their budgets for fiscal year 2021. So again, so far so good, we'll watch what happens, and hopefully funding will get backstop from the Feds from AASHTO, and hopefully the world will start driving again, and we'll see gas taxes pick back up.
Kathryn Thompson: And just one quick just a clarification. Illinois, California, you cited them as seeing increase in demand overall. How much of that was private versus public?
Tom Hill: So in California it's across – California has been – in the first four months has been good shipments across all four end markets. Illinois is more on the public side both infrastructure with O'Hare work, toll roads. And then as you know, we've got new funding coming on in Illinois for highways.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Thank you so much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Tom just a follow-up to that last question on state budgets. You indicated lettings were solid for the next three to four months. From a flow-through perspective I mean is there a time frame or a time line that we need to see federal aid to states to keep the outlook relatively positive in the second half of the year?
Tom Hill: Except for maintenance work which goes very fast, most of those jobs we'd tell you that the backlog six to nine months on average before you start shipping them when you book them and you ship them. But again, they're all over the place. But just as a rule of thumb, we would tell you that that backlog ships six to nine months out. Big work may be a little longer but that's kind of a rule of thumb.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then you referenced Houston as a watch market. I'm just wondering, if you could talk broadly about the impact of maybe lower oil prices to your business both as maybe a potential, modest tailwind from derivatives, raw material perspective and then also maybe as a headwind from a demand perspective?
Tom Hill: Yes. So from – directly we ship very little to the oilfield. It's just not a big play for us. It's not in our – really in our geography. So we won't see the direct impact from that. Indirectly, obviously lower fuel prices will help our aggregates cost. It could help cost from a long-haul freight perspective whether that's rail ship or barge. And then we'll continue, as I said, we'll continue to watch the impact on Texas volumes, particularly Coastal Texas. We're not seeing a lot of that yet but it's a watch for us.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital.
Mike Dahl: Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on the kind of Q&A or exchange around some of the past cycle comparisons. And I guess, specifically thinking about on the private side you're talking about seeing some non-res projects kind of delayed versus canceled. I'm curious if you go back to last cycle, did the early stages kind of start out like this and you kind of push out the projects as long as you can before push comes to shove and gets canceled? Or did you see kind of quicker outright cancellations trying to draw some comparisons around what to take from initially just seeing a postponement versus cancellation?
Tom Hill: I think that it was quicker and you saw more cancellations than postponements. It was more dire. And again it goes back to the overbuilding, you're not overbuilt right now. If you look at homebuilders there is – these markets have – don't have any inventories. And so people want to buy a house, they've got to build them. And people are trying to take advantage of the interest rates on the non-res side with the strengths we're seeing there or data centers, distribution centers, warehouses, online commerce, education and health care. And again, those projects – I'll give you some examples of what's pushed out. We've seen a dorm and a major university pushed out. A Google project get delayed, some office buildings get delayed, a couple of Carvana facilities we saw get delayed. The only cancellation that I can think of was that Dave & Busters in Lexington. Everything else is a postponement and we'll see. Now on the res side, we saw people push out new phases of subdivision three or four weeks ago. And now we're seeing them in a number of our markets saying we're going forward with them. So while people – it's kind of a mixed bag where people are pausing and then moving forward and then pausing and moving forward.
Mike Dahl: Okay. That's interesting and helpful. Second question just on diesel. You noted the $3 million year-on-year improvement in the first quarter and presumably, it would get larger, especially as we work into higher volume or typically higher volume months. But curious, I understand that, there's no guidance anymore for this year but can you help us frame up, your diesel consumption for last year in aggs? And all else equal, if you were to assume current diesel pricing on last year's shipments, what type of full year tailwind would that represent?
Tom Hill: Well our – last year our trailing 12 month I think we used about 55 million, 56 million gallons of diesel fuel. Yes, there is a drop in that but I think that we can't control the price of diesel. So what we'll always focus on is – and every operator at Vulcan would know it is your tons per gallon of fuel and every plant that we operate and that's their training and that's how they look at it. You guys can do the math. We dropped from $2.26 to $2.04. And since then it's gone down dramatically. So if it was $1 it's – assuming usage is the same, it's $50 million. But again that's one of those that – that's not our controllables. And we'll – our operators every day look at how they use it.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Trey.
Trey Grooms: Good morning, Suzanne. How are you?
Suzanne Wood: Great. I hope you are?
Trey Grooms: Doing well. So my first question is around the FAST Act -- it's expiring in September. I think the prior thought was that we would likely get some, sort of, a continuing resolution to kind of see us through the election and into next year and maybe revisit. Do you guys think that the current situation changes that at all and the potential that we may could get something maybe more meaningful than just the CR? Or how are you thinking about that given the -- in light of the current health crisis that we're in?
Tom Hill: So Trey, I'd divide that into three buckets. The first one and probably the most pressing is AASHTO's request for $50 billion to backstop the fall in state funding. This really needs to be included at COVID-19 Phase 4 bill. And I think hopefully that's going to happen because it's a real need that was the impact of the pandemic. The second bucket of this is to your point the FAST Act reauthorization. Prior to COVID-19 there was serious work underway in D.C. on reauthorization. Earlier this year, the Senate EPW Committee passed the highway portion of the FAST Act. It was an increase of I think it was about 25%, 26%. Unfortunately, the pandemic interrupted that work. The good news is the prework has been done there. So they got had a good start to it. Again, it's been interrupted. But remember that if the reauthorization isn't done by September we will get extensions. So we're not going to lose that funding. It won't go down. It will just be pushed out. And then so it's either flat or if we were to get it -- it would go up dramatically. And then the third bucket would be the discussion -- kind of the continuous discussion of a big infrastructure bill. There's a lot of talk. There's been a lot of talk for several quarters about a significant act to address infrastructure. Again COVID-19 complicates this politically, but there's also -- this is also -- this is an opportunity for that and everybody recognizes the need both from an infrastructure perspective, but also to as a stimulus package. So we'll just have to see what happens.
Trey Grooms: Understood. Okay. So -- and then I guess, the next question maybe for Suzanne. It sounds like things are holding in now, but clearly with all the uncertainty seeing some level of volume declines in aggregates over the next few quarters is not entirely out of the question. So in that kind of scenario, I know the long-term goal for incremental margins is 60%. Is there -- how should we be thinking about the -- in the case of lower volume just kind of the mechanics around the decremental margins in that type of scenario? And assuming that this is somewhat short-lived in duration if there is -- if we do come into some type of a downturn?
Tom Hill: I'll start off, if you don't mind. I think that's part of the beauty of the aggregates business. A big key to that is from a margin perspective is staying ahead of the curve and making sure you know what's going to happen and hit it off. We've been -- we set trigger points in these markets that aren't just volume falling. It's quoting praise, how we're quoting, our job bookings, backlog levels, the shipping pace and that's the all-in markets. A big benefit to us is that commercial excellence strategic agenda, which allows in individual markets for clear metrics that are automated, they're consistent, they're accurate and they really give us a view to the future before volumes actually fall. At the same time, you look at timing and delays and critical inventory sizes, I think, that the team has done a really good job of putting those contingency plans in place for potential volume swings and they're detailed by plant and by market and setting those trigger points. And again, that -- this is you can take production in aggregates as you know up and down very quickly as a mechanical process. So cost is a piece of this. Price is a piece of this. But at the end of the day it's that management of unit margins and our goal is to maximize those unit margins and live up to our potential. Again those four strategic initiatives are really going to serve us well in this and as we said they'll help us grow margins in good times and protect in bad times. So we'll leverage that. And I think we're in a really strong position to protect those unit margins.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I agree, with Tom. And I would just add to that look, I mean, that's why we got started on these contingency plans very early so we would know exactly what we plan to do well in advance of any volumes beginning to fall because certainly as Tom said, we understand how to reduce costs. We want to make sure that we do that sensibly. But a large part of our costs are variable and so we do have the ability to do that. We want to make sure we do the right things for the business. We do want to protect our unit margin. And certainly, as you've heard us talk about many times we are well ahead of the industry on those. And so our folks in the field understand that well. You can always say that history will repeat itself, but just as a -- just as an indicator of the company's resolve and ability to reduce cost if you look back to the last recession when certainly there was a significant decline in volume our unit margins only went down by about 10% where -- while volumes declined much more than that. So that indicates that there is certainly room for us to manage those margins.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Understood. Thank you very much. And good luck with the rest of the quarter and stay safe.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you. 
Tom Hill: Thank you. Stay safe.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Wood with Nomura Instinet.
Mike Wood: Hi, good morning.
Tom Hill: Good morning Mike.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Mike Wood: Could you give us some color in terms of maybe your top three markets in terms of how that revenue shortfall in transportation revenues looks compared to that 30% national shortfall per AASHTO?
Tom Hill: I don't know that I have those specific numbers, but our top markets are going to be -- the top -- if you look at our top 10 markets our top 10 states the top three would be Texas, California, Virginia. All of them have kept their lettings the same through fiscal year 2020. The only one that has not the nine out of the -- the one out of the 10 that did not is North Carolina and we all know what's happening there and hopefully they'll get that problem solved. I would tell you that Texas is very healthy based on their current revenues. California continues to be pretty healthy as does Virginia. But specifics of those top three, I'll have to get back with you.
Mike Wood: Okay. And I'm curious to get your thoughts in terms of -- your shipments lags the funding that the states are putting in on the public infrastructure side. Have you looked at in terms of if funding levels drop 10%, 20% from 2019 levels, what that would actually lead to in terms of the drop-off in your shipments?
Tom Hill: Too early. The short answer is really too early to tell and a lot of moving parts. I think that if you look at those states and where we are and our backlogs again those things lag six to nine months. But I think this is one of the real unknowns and uncertainties that we'll have to put together of what's it going to mean. I would tell you that our states and the top 10 that we talked about nine of those 10 have much better funding than increased their funding over the last three or four years. Only one that hasn't has been Arizona. So, we sit in a better place than most, but too early to tell.
Mike Wood: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Seldon Clarke with Deutsche Bank.
Seldon Clarke: Hey thanks for the question. If you just take a step back and think about the business mix from a higher level you mentioned backlogs or some of the maintenance-type work and state lettings and obviously, you've got some ongoing projects in both the commercial and residential space. But when you try to contextualize this internally or when you do your stress test, what percentage of your revenue mix do you really think is at risk from a macro perspective over the next let's say three, six, and 12 months?
Tom Hill: Again, I'm sorry not to give you a clear answer to that because I just don't think there is a clear answer right now on it. We just -- we don't know the short-term or long-term impact of the shelter-in-places and it's a very dynamic situation. Even today as people start to lift it we don't know what that means. We don't know on the private side. Again, we continue to see res. Homebuilders come back and build subdivisions. We see a few projects here and there postponed in the non-res sector. So on the private side it's really going to depend on is -- do these postponements get to be meaningful? So, far they have not. Or does -- what we have booked does it postpone? Again, which we have not seen much of that at this point. So, again, so far so good, but I just don't think we have clear information either on the public side or the private side to predict that either short-term or long-term.
Seldon Clarke: Okay. Any color on the states that have looser restrictions in place that -- just to give us a sense of what the continuing business looks like over the next couple of weeks or months?
Tom Hill: Yes. So, in general, as we said both on the public side and the private side through April, we're shipping as usual with the one exception has been northern California actually just the Bay Area and the seven counties up there. And we think that's going to lift which will give us a boost hopefully over the next 30 45 days. It's already started again as we said with Napa. But at this point, with the shelters in -- the shelter in place over the last seven or eight weeks we've not seen a falloff. So, we would think that as those lift it would only support the shipments we're seeing today.
Seldon Clarke: Okay. Is there any way to just contextualize what you mean by as normal in April whether as it relates to comps last year if there was -- what type of delayed demand from late 2018 impacted April or you're talking normal seasonality? Or is there anything to help contextualize what April look like?
Tom Hill: What I would tell you is it was -- it's fairly normal compared to prior April.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. And that the spillover from fourth quarter of 2018 that was really a first quarter impact last year. So, that really has no bearing on what we're talking about for April.
Seldon Clarke: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Hey thanks. Just wondering just on SAG, how much of the decline in the quarter was a lower base -- share-based comp versus the cost actions you took? And how to think about SAG moving forward both in a maybe a shorter or a longer downturn?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. No, thank you for the question. Probably three quarters or so maybe 60% to 75% of the amount was share-based comp. I mean that's basically tied to the share price. So, we'll continue to report on fluctuations there. The other reductions that you saw in the SAG cost, I mean, we really teased those a bit in the fourth quarter when we talked about having looked across our corporate and field operational overhead base and we made some adjustments there, really around technology and looking for ways to be more efficient as well as ways from the corporate standpoint to better manage professional services. And therefore we said, back in February, that we expected SAG to be lower for the full year both, in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue. Certainly that guidance was lifted, as we lifted all the other guidance, in the release this morning. And I would say that, as we think about SAG, as we go forward in these times I mean we're always looking for ways to better leverage the overhead. Just like our operations group have detailed contingency plans by plant, we also have our contingency plans with respect to SAG. So we will -- as we go forward, we will see which of those contingency plans are executed on the basis of what we see happening in the business.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thank you. Follow-up question is I was curious if you're seeing any impact to your Calica Quarry in Cancun just given some of the shutdowns in various industries in Mexico. How you're thinking about the long-haul network, just given some of the watch points across the oil markets in the Gulf coast.
Tom Hill: So, first of all our people have done a great job, keeping each other safe and healthy, both on the quarries -- in the Quarry and in the shipping lines. We continue to operate in Mexico. We've been deemed, essential business. Just like the U.S. we've implemented solid procedures and protocols to petro employees. Again, we're still operating. And we're still shipping. And at this point, we don't see any interruptions.
Garik Shmois: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Hi. Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: Tom, what percentage of your shipments comes from backlog? So if backlog is stable, kind of says to me that shipments could be flattish, as we move through the year. But I don't know if there's a lot of book and burn work that would come in over the summer. Or if that doesn't come in this year, then all of a sudden, you're minus 10% on volume, something like that.
Tom Hill: So about 60% of our business is, what we call, bid work which is in the backlog. And about 40% of that is large to medium projects. The other 20% is small projects, because small projects go faster. The large to medium projects again is kind of in that 60 -- or excuse me six to nine month timeframe. The other 40% of our work is shipments to fixed asphalt and ready mix plants. The asphalt will be more driven by the public side. The ready mix is using more driven towards the private side. So I mean, we've got pretty good insight into, how we're going to look there. I would tell you that as I said earlier, the systems and the procedures and the disciplines that were put in with the commercial excellence. And this was still some three years ago. And that they've been perfected, actually that's really gotten pretty accurate both from a volume perspective and a price perspective. The things we can't control in both of these are projects being delayed or projects being cancelled and the unknowns around those.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then, what are your thoughts on, cash flow this year, because, with the pull down in CapEx you should generate a lot of cash this year, just curious how you're thinking about deploying that?
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. I -- yeah to the capital allocation question, look, our priorities are basically the same, as when we've talked to you before. The order of the capital allocation priorities is unchanged. But in light of the pandemic uncertainty, I would tell you that we are most committed to operating and maintenance CapEx to protect the value of our franchise and keep all of that in good running order. We're very committed to our dividends and certainly to the overall preservation of liquidity. And you saw us take steps in the quarter to ensure that we not only preserved our liquidity, but enhanced it. As we think about growth in M&A, you're right. We did reduce some of the CapEx that we plan to spend on internal growth projects. Those projects are pretty easily turned on and off without a lot of impact on the business. M&A, we would -- didn't do any in the first quarter. We would continue to evaluate opportunities as they arise, but applying an even more stringent lens to that, just given the current economic environment. And so, we've always been very disciplined there. And certainly we will remain even more disciplined. And at the bottom of the capital allocations priority waterfall our share repurchases -- and look, we think share repurchase is an important part of the capital allocation structure. We -- its part of that for the long-term, and we did do a little buying very early in the quarter about $26 million pre-COVID. So we're committed in the long-term. But I can tell you in the short-term yes, probably not. We will focus more on preserving liquidity and the other items I mentioned.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay, great. Thank you, Suzanne.
Suzanne Wood: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Roger with Exane BNP Paribas.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Roger: Yeah. Good morning Tom.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Paul Roger: Hi, Suzanne, well good morning. I expect you all are doing well.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah.
Tom Hill: Yes.
Paul Roger: Okay. Just a follow-up maybe, I mean you've talked a bit there about the cash flow. Maybe I'll just have a follow-up on that. I mean, obviously, you're cutting back on CapEx. I'm assuming, therefore, your business delaying your greenfields, is the plan essentially post-COVID-19 to start them again? And should we, therefore, when we think about the sort of medium term, should we be expecting CapEx to sort of ramp back up again? And just joined to that also, can you say a bit about working capital and whether there's much more to do on that front as well?
Tom Hill: I'll take the CapEx first. It's market specific as always. Those are greenfields in California and Virginia and South Carolina and so we'll ramp up or down depending on those individual markets and the needs and the opportunities. So it's -- we'll have to play that just by ear. But if the need is there and the demand is there, obviously, we're going to invest because of good investments. And if not we will hold off until it's time to invest.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. And with respect to the working capital question, yeah, we're obviously looking at that and have taken some steps to improve that. As I said the -- our cash flows and the preservation of liquidity have always been important to the company. It's one of the core tenets of how we run our business. And so in times like these obviously we're going to ramp up those efforts. So we are making sure that our accounts receivable is collected timely, making sure that we don't let any agings or anything like that slip there. And we're also looking at carefully managing our inventory levels. That's all part of the contingency planning. And certainly we will -- if there's some steps to be taken on the payable side, we'll look at that as well. Hopefully that's responsive to your question.
Paul Roger: Yeah, that's great. And just as a quick follow-up. Can you maybe talk a little bit about the outlook for asphalt margins? I mean, obviously, Q1 you had prices up, bitumen down. I guess, bitumen comes down by even more given what oil is doing. Do you think you can hold that price cost spread? And actually could it even get wider as we go through the year?
Tom Hill: Well, I think I would describe it this way. Our prices will continue to climb. We saw -- and you've seen a number of quarters actually in all of last year prices climb as we chased liquid -- rising liquid costs. We caught it in the fourth quarter and we said we would catch it and go past it, which is what you've seen. So I do have confidence that our pricing will continue to go up in the hot mix portion of it. I think that the liquid piece for us is an unknown. On the surface so it went down some 6% as Suzanne said in the quarter. But the future for us is unknown in liquid and there's opposing forces there. The dramatic fall in crude prices would have a lowering effect. Flip side of that is right now you've got less refinery activity because of this demand for diesel and gasoline is down. And so does that -- the question is does that put pressure on supply of liquid? So what I'm confident is our prices will go up. What I -- the unknown here is what's going to happen to liquid prices as we go forward.
Paul Roger: Understood. Thanks a lot. Stay fit guys. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, or maybe afternoon for some. I appreciate you taking my question. Tom, the implementation of COVID mitigation throughout your organization, through the plants, the facilities, how quickly did everybody adapt? Do you see that continue -- was there any productivity issues? Or could there be some enhancements to operations as you think about going forward if we're going to keep these types of mitigations for a very long period of time? Are you seeing that with the customer -- with your customers that you're talking to as well?
Tom Hill: So I don't -- the short answer is I don't really see a big impact on our operations on our customers. I'd tell you I'm very proud of our people and the job they have done with this and they're doing a great job both -- they've done a great job of protecting themselves. But also you got to remember there's a dynamic of this that what happens out of work and so they've been very vigilant protecting themselves and their families. We started this really early and we continue to adjust as we get new information and new procedures. Out of our 9,000 employees, we've had minimal cases. And that's -- the script protocols and staying to that it has paid off. From an operating perspective, you saw in our -- in my opening remarks about our safety record for the first quarter was excellent and continue to be excellent through April. And I got to tell you that's a real feat from our operators in that they're under a lot of pressure and with the COVID-19 protocols, which were new, they still protected themselves. Our operating efficiencies in the first four months have been very good. So they've done a great job and we've not seen any hiccups and I don't expect to see any from our perspective. And I think the same can be said for our customers. We are deemed an essential business. All of us are and we have to earn that and protect ourselves and follow the rules. And I think the industry as a whole has done a really good job with that.
Michael Dudas: Those are excellent thoughts. And just my follow-up would be the mitigation and the aftermath of COVID, do you think that there'll be some trends and opportunities that will impact where your plants and your business is located to see migration? Being here in the New York City area, you do talk to people thinking about their -- look they continue to look south especially after what's going on here. Do you think that could give some medium/longer term support to your business flows?
Tom Hill: I think that from where we're located both in the markets we're in and where we're located in those markets Vulcan is advantaged and that's been built over six decades as we said. So I really like Vulcan's position moving forward. There's always the question of -- the recent question of do people want to move out of the metropolitan areas and go buy a house? Gosh, we hope so. We'll be glad to supply the stone to build those houses and those subdivisions.
Michael Dudas: I’m sure you will. Thanks for your thoughts. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey, good afternoon everyone.
Suzanne Wood: Phil, good afternoon.
Tom Hill: Hi.
Phil Ng: The LNG projects around the Gulf region that you've -- you guys have talked about, can you help us size how big of an opportunity that is? And then if you had to kind of like break down what percent of those projects have started versus not yet. And then with oil prices where it's at, do you have a view if that kind of moves forward?
Tom Hill: So this was always a 2021 play. The LNG projects that we said that had started are continuing and we're shipping a number of those projects today both in Louisiana and in Texas. The big work was the work that was coming. It is tens of millions of tons. That has been postponed. Again, that was more to be 2021. It was kind of icing on the cake of everything else that was going on. I'm sure at some point in time those projects will go. I think there is demand throughout the world that will want that. I think the world has to settle down some. So the timing is unknown, but I think ultimately they'll go.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And on the commercial side of things, can you help us break out your major end markets by percentage? Some of the end markets like warehouse and data centers seem to be more solid footing going forward post-COVID, but maybe hospitality and office might be more at risk. Can you kind of help us break down the major buckets from a percentage standpoint?
Tom Hill: Yes. So I think that if you looked at the heavy non-res and which is some of what has slowed the lighter non-restructuring, which we talked about data centers, distribution centers, warehouses, health care education, online commerce has very much picked up. I would describe that is probably in normal times maybe half and half, but it's just over a long period of time. But any moment in time one of those is going to be heavier than the other one. And right now, it just tends to be the lighter one that's heavier.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Adrian Huerta with JPMorgan.
Adrian Huerta: Hi, Tom and Suzanne. Thank you for taking my question.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Adrian.
Adrian Huerta: Hi, Suzanne. My question has to do with the maintenance cost. If you can just give us some more details on the incremental amount that you had this quarter that flow through the income statement. And what was the total amount of maintenance costs that you had last year? And what is your expectation for the full year for this year?
Tom Hill: So we had called out in the last couple of quarters that we would see higher maintenance and higher stripping costs. We talked about that in the third quarter. We talked about that in the fourth quarter. We said it would -- we would see it again in the first quarter and then it would start to level off. If you just look at the cash cost, for aggregates, it was up some 3% or $0.26. Most of that increase was in parts and supplies. And stripping -- again, you got to remember this is the worst time of the year the first quarter to operate just because it's cold, it's wet. You have big inefficiencies. So we go in and try to finish a lot of those repairs and maintenance. So when the season comes we're ready to go. That is what you saw in Q1. That's what we talked about that was going to happen. I think x volume swings, we feel good about the balance of the year. We feel like our operating disciplines and our strategic initiative on those operating disciplines are in place, and they're maturing and doing well. So I feel really good about our operations and our operating efficiencies. Again, that is -- the fundamentals of that is maximizing through -- you're looking at the R&M piece, but the fundamentals of that are how do you maximize input, minimize downtime, how do you efficiently use manpower and then you proactively inspect that equipment and maintain it and then the last is employee ownership and engagement and effective leadership is key to all of that.
Adrian Huerta: Thank you, Tom. That was clear. And if I may ask a follow-up question. Can you just tell us a bit more on what happened? I mean, I heard what you said that you're taking steps to improve our working capital, but can you tell us a bit on what happened in the first quarter with working capital?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. With respect to working capital in the first quarter, we had a bit higher use of working capital, because we had a little bit of inventory build. I mean, not a whole lot but a little bit in the couple of areas we called out that were fairly wet in the Southeast and the Southwest. We also had a fair bit of mobile equipment, which falls into our operating and maintenance CapEx that we had ordered in the fourth quarter. That came in and was paid for in cash in the first quarter. And so that was another fair bit of working capital. That just was timing between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And in addition to that, we also expended $26 million of cash with respect to share repurchases. And those were really the biggest components in the first quarter.
Adrian Huerta: Thank you, Suzanne.
Suzanne Wood: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rohit Seth with SunTrust.
Rohit Seth: Hi. Thanks for taking my question.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Rohit Seth: I just on state DOTs, the AASHTO number down 30% and requiring about $50 billion. Let's say that number doesn't come in quite at the $50 billion. I was just thinking about -- it doesn't come at $50 billion and then states could look at the highway funds as funds that they can use to pay for other areas of the budget that are in shortfall. So I think the lockboxes might be a little bit important right now. Do you know offhand, which states in your markets have put in lockboxes? I believe California. I think Illinois has one. Do you know about some of the other top 10 states of yours?
Tom Hill: Well, all of them have lockboxes. So all of that funding is protected and can't be diverted for other uses. So the funding is safe. And hopefully that funding will come back strong as we reopen up. But for now, any funding that's there is to be used only for highways.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then, today there's -- an unemployment report came out. It showed construction employment was down about 2.5 million jobs in April. Meanwhile, most of the companies reporting on construction this earnings season said April was not too bad. But the 2.5 million is an alarming number. Just curious, did you see -- are you seeing that? Are you hearing that? I mean, it took me by surprise -- 
Tom Hill: Yes. I think that is a national number and we did not see that kind of drop in our markets. I don't think we've seen that kind of drop in our markets in April. So I think it's more where that is. All these shelter in places have been different. For example, as we talked about the seven counties and around the Bay Area were restrictive on private. Well, Pennsylvania did not keep going with highway construction. As we know New York got hit harder. So some of the northeast probably got hit harder than most of our markets, got hit with this. So I just -- we didn't see those kind of drops in our markets.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then, just on liquid asphalt again. So as liquid asphalt does fall though, do you expect to realize the benefit? I know there's been about mixed responses on that in the past.
Tom Hill: Yes. If history repeats itself, which we believe it will, as we saw the last couple of years, as mix went up we chased it. We've caught that now. So if you see a drop, we should -- you should see that benefit unit margins in asphalt.
Rohit Seth: All right. So your asphalt business, given the highway is probably going to be the most resilient part of your business. I mean that should probably a pretty good business for you guys this year. Is that fair to say?
Tom Hill: I would like most of this from a demand perspective, I would tell you. So far, so good. We think we're protected with highway demand for the next three or four months. After that hopefully the AASHTO will get what they need and it'll continue to grow as we move forward.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. But, clearly, it's something we need to monitor.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Rohit Seth: All right. Great. Thank you. It's all I had.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: The final question will come from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Good afternoon.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Jerry.
Tom Hill: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Battling connectivity issues this morning, so I apologize in advance if this has been asked. But can you talk about the pricing tools that you now have available heading into this downturn? And is there a way to quantify or better understand what they're going to allow you to do in this cycle compared to last one? So, obviously, not having cement helps in this downturn. But from pure aggregates standpoint, can you just talk about what the tools could potentially allow you to do here?
Tom Hill: Yes. So the tools that we use, all give us visibility into that -- really into that 60% of the business that we're bidding that we talked about. And its real time that keeps up with our backlogs, our booking pace, what the prices in both of those look like, what sector the work is coming from, what size of the work is coming from. So you really have a real-time visibility and down deep into markets of the effective -- not only the effectiveness of our sales force and how they're doing on their disciplines, but also how the world should look going forward. And it just gives those management teams a lot better tools to predict, so that we can adjust our operations and our efforts accordingly.
Jerry Revich: Yes. And Tom, in terms of what that'll drive from a market share standpoint, does that mean we should look for lower market share at the trough as you folks focus on -- you got more profitable jobs? Can you just flesh that out for me a bit, relative to the competitive landscape as well?
Tom Hill: No. I wouldn't look at it that way. I think what it allows us to do is maximize our price and maximize our customer service to earn that price. So I wouldn't see a big market share swing in this. And you got to remember that is the beauty of the aggregates business, is the pricing characteristics that they are resilient. And we've seen this through multiple cycles. In fact, we've seen it for 40 years. I wouldn't think that this one would be any different. I think probably the industry, as a whole, is better off today than it was some 12 years ago. So I think the pricing disciplines, both within Vulcan and within the industry, are better today than they probably were 12 years ago, much less 20 years ago.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of the metrics that you're managing, the individual 350 plant operators, can you talk about any changes in terms of the framework for evaluating their performance in a downturn compared to what it would have looked like a year ago? And how do we keep folks from -- who haven't seen this movie before, as the senior management team has, from getting up over those skis you have, from a cost structure standpoint?
Tom Hill: Yes. Well, I think that we have a lot of experienced managers. We have a lot of new managers. I think that the -- again the operating piece of those four strategic initiatives of how do we run those operations the most efficiently and keep our people engaged to make sure we have appropriate training, so that you get that experience faster and further into the organization are very important and it will serve us very well through this. At the same time, we will look at all those leading indicators from our sales group to affect our operations as we look at critical sizes on those operations and adjust those accordingly. There's a lot of levers to pull in the operating side of the business, whether that's inventory or discretionary spending maximizing as we talked about those fundamentals of efficiencies. And I think that -- I know that our people are in a very good place here and they'll be able to handle swings in volume, as they would if it just marched up steadily.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate the time. Thanks.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And with that, I'll hand the call back to Tom Hill for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you. Thanks all of you for taking the time to listen to our call today. Clearly, these are very challenging times and they're challenging for all people throughout the world and for every business. So we greatly appreciate your interest and your support in Vulcan. Please stay healthy and we look forward to talking to you in the coming weeks and months and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Vulcan Materials Company's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kevin, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. Now, I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Welcome everyone to Vulcan Materials’ fourth quarter and full year earnings call. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s call is accompanied by a press release issued this morning and a supplemental presentation posted to our website. Additionally, a recording of this call will be available for replay later today. Before we begin, please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results, the projections -- and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures and other information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. 2019 represented another year of strong earnings growth and demonstrated the strength of our aggregate-centric business model. But before we talk about our accomplishments for the year, I want to spend a few minutes telling you about the good progress we made again in the fourth quarter. Aggregates gross profit was $274 million, a 7% improvement versus the prior year fourth quarter. Aggregates shipments increased by 4%, with markets in the Southeast and Southwest reporting strong growth. For the quarter, freight adjusted average sales prices increased by 5.5%, all key markets reported year-over-year price growth. And the 70 basis point benefit from mix was due in part to above average growth in Gulf Coast markets. They are severed by our unparalleled logistics network. This growth is noteworthy. The fourth quarter of 2018 made for a tough comparison with a 24% increase in Aggregates gross profit, 8% growth in volume, and 5% mix adjusted price growth over 2017. Gross profit per ton in the quarter improved $5.32 and was negatively impacted by three things, most of which are timing and mix related. First, repair and maintenance costs were higher in the quarter. As we said before, certain types of repairs and maintenance are routine and scheduled. Therefore, the associated costs are more predicable.  Other repair maintenance activities are planned annually, but the exact timing is more difficult to predict with precision. You monitor the situation throughout the year to determine the optimal time to do the work and as a result the cost can be lumpier. This quarter includes several of these types of repairs. In addition, the rigorous inspection and maintenance protocol that we rolled out as part of our operational excellence initiative in early 2019 grow some of our costs higher in the second half of the year. We expect to continue to see additional repair and maintenance costs in 2020 and have incorporated them in our guidance. Setting high standards is the right thing to do for the long-term health of our business. Our employees are highly engaged, and they are focused intently on the mobile equipment and fixed plant inspection and maintenance aspects of this initiative. In doing so, we can preempt or avoid equipment failures, which could result in much more expensive repair cost. The second factor that impacted our gross profit in Aggregates was actual geographic mix versus our expectations. Our fourth quarter shipments were robust in markets along the -- along the Gulf Coast, which are served by rail and water. Remote serve markets carry higher selling prices, but also carry higher cost, particularly if the tons are shipped by rail versus blue water. In the fourth quarter higher volumes from rail distribution, negatively affected margins. The third factor was lower revenue and earnings from certain aggregates locations, which also generate tipping fees on clean fill. This result was mainly a matter of timing of projects expected to contribute to the fourth quarter. Instead, the projects were delayed, but will benefit 2020.  Finally, I'll also highlight our fourth quarter asphalt results, where gross profit increased by $4 million compared to the fourth quarter last year. This was driven by 10% improvement in shipments and a 3% improvement in average selling prices. In addition, we expect -- we experienced volume growth in California, in spite of wet weather in the fourth quarter. These volume and price improvements in addition to a 12% reduction in the average unit costs for liquid asphalt drove a 52% improvement in unit profitability in asphalt. Suzanne will share with you the detailed numbers in a moment. But first, I'd like to summarize our full year 2019 accomplishments and talk about why we're excited about 2020. Let's start with the most important aspect of our business safety. In 2019, our people led us to another year of world class safety performance despite being busier than ever. We also completed the rollout of all of our strategic initiatives commercial excellence, operational excellence, logistics, innovation and strategic sourcing. We believe these initiatives will help us accelerate growth towards our long-term goals. On the financial side, aggregate shipments grew by 7% and average freight adjusted sales price was 5.6% better than 2018. Aggregates gross profit increased by 16%, and unit profitability grew by 8%. Cash gross profit per ton was $6.74, another step forward on the path to our longer term goal of $9 per ton. And while our Non-Aggregates segment gross profit was flat year-over-year, the second half showed signs of improving trends in the Asphalt business. Our adjusted EBITDA for the year grew by 12%. And importantly, our return on invested capital increase to 13.9%. As a whole, we were pleased with our annual results. But we aren't satisfied with just setting records. Our focus is on getting better every day and reaching our potential. As we enter 2020, we are well-positioned to take advantage of supportive markets and deliver another year of double-digit earnings growth. Our markets will continue to benefit from both public construction demand led by highways and a resurgence in demand on the private side, particularly residential. The public highway demand is there, as all the revenues to support the investment. As we seemed -- excuse me -- as we said before, it's not a matter of if, but rather when the projects are finally started and shipments begin. To be fair, we seem -- we've been a little bit disappointed over the last couple of months with the speed with which the states are letting work. However, we remain confident that these projects are a go in the near to medium term. With respect to residential demand, which we've been a bit cautious, but now we're seeing a very positive turn in leading indicators, with Vulcan markets outpacing the rest of the country. Underlying demand fundamentals, including population and employment growth remain firmly in place and underpin our expectations of growth in private, residential and non-residential construction. These demand characteristics a catalyst for positive pricing environment in 2020. And demand visibility is also an important contributor. With our geographic footprint, focus on the higher growth markets, we are in the best position to capitalize on public and private demand. So what does all this mean for 2020? We anticipate a 2% to 4% growth rate in aggregate shipments. Aggregate freight adjusted sales prices are expected to increase between 4% and 6%. Additionally, we maintain our longer term view of approximately 60% same-store flow through rate to gross profit on a trailing 12 month basis. Overall, we are looking at double-digit growth in Aggregate segment earnings. Moving to our Construction Product segment, we expect 10% to 15% growth in gross profit collectively. This contemplates relatively stable, liquid cost in Asphalt. I'll now turn it over to Suzanne for further comments on our 2019 full year performance and 2020 guidance.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom and good morning to everyone. In 2019, our Aggregates volume growth reflected the solid underlying demand fundamentals in our market, including growth in population, households and jobs. That is two to three times that of other markets over the next 10 years.  Shipments in certain markets in the Southeast, Mid Atlantic and Texas were particularly strong. Average sales prices in Aggregates increased and higher prices were widespread, with all major markets reporting improvement. For the full year our costs were up 4%, contributing to a 48% same-store aggregates flow through rate. As Tom mentioned, there were several factors that affected this rate, particularly in the fourth quarter. Our segment gross profit increased by 16%. This continued progression underpins our ability to deliver attractive earnings growth. SAG expenses while higher in absolute dollar terms decreased as a percentage of total revenues. Moving on now to the balance sheet, cash flows and return on investment. We made progress in each of these areas. Our balance sheet structure remains strong, with a weighted average debt maturity of 14 years, and a weighted average interest rate of 4.4%. Leverage was reduced from 2.6 to 2.2 times, well within our target range. We generated $820 million of discretionary cash flow and we followed our capital allocation priorities to determine the most shareholder returns enhancing use of that cash. In 2019, this included investments and attractive growth opportunities, as well as return of cash through dividends and share repurchases. And as a result, our return on invested capital improved by 130 basis points on an adjusted EBITDA basis. I'll move on now from 2019 to 2020. Tom has already covered the operational aspects of our segment guidance, so I'll comment on a few other points. SAG expenses are forecast to be approximate $365 million in 2020. This represents a reduction in absolute dollars, as well as the reduction in the ratio of expense to revenue. We already have taken steps to ensure we are efficiently leveraging our overhead. We anticipate that interest expense will approximate $125 million and that depreciation depletion, accretion and amortization will approximate $385 million in 2020. And our effective tax rate -- our effective tax rate will be approximately 20%. The combination of these assumptions lead us to an adjusted EBITDA range of $1.385 billion to $1.485 billion for 2020. The midpoint of this range represents a 13% increase as compared to 2019. Moving onto our cash flow expectations. Remember that our business is an inherently cash generative one, and 2020 will be no exception. We anticipate discretionary cash flow of approximately $800 million. As you model our cash flows, I'll share some thoughts to help you fill in the blanks. As guideposts, we will continue to adhere to our unchanged capital allocation priorities in directing our uses of cash, and we will stay within our target leverage range. We expect the cash interest expense of $120 million, operating and maintenance CapEx of $275 million and finally, cash taxes of $180 million. The discretionary uses of our cash involved returns to shareholders, internal growth capital in acquisitions. Let me cover each one of those. First, we expect to maintain a progressive dividend, generally growing it in line with earnings to a level that is fully sustainable through the cycle.  Second, we expect to spend approximately $200 million on growth CapEx for projects that are already largely underway, as we did not spend the full amount of growth capital we projected in 2019. These projects include the opening of a new quarry in California, capacity expansion at other quarries, as well as improvements to our logistics and distribution network and sales yards. And third, we will continue our disciplined evaluation of acquisition opportunities as they arise, only investing in those which fit our strategy and offer superior returns and synergies. And last, we will continuously evaluate the use of opportunistic share repurchases as a means to return excess cash to shareholders. And now I'll turn the call back over to Tom for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Suzanne. Now before we go to Q&A, I want to take this opportunity to thank the men and women of Vulcan Materials for their hard work and their dedication. They have taken good care of our customers and have improved our business processes and disciplines. Importantly, they promoted our strong safety culture and are responsible for delivering our industry leading safety metrics. As we move forward, we will continue to capitalize on our strengths, our aggregates focused business, our outstanding geographic footprint and our local execution capabilities. We will also remain focus on compounding our unit margins through the cycle and improving our return on invested capital. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Stanley Elliott of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, Tom, could you talk a little bit about the cost structure kind of puts and takes as we're heading into 2020? You mentioned some of that being played in the current guide. Does any of this roll off? Just trying -- curious to see how you guys were thinking about the cost piece.
Tom Hill: Sure. If you look at the fourth quarter, the average cost or unit profitability was, as I said, was impacted by three unique items. And pretty much equally, all three of those items are somewhat of accommodation of mix and timing. The first one is a large clean fill project, which we will we take dirt in the quarry for tipping fee. The job was temporarily stopped, but it will start back up in 2020. So, we'll see that again, we'll get that back. The second item was really geographic mix. It was increased volumes to remote distribution rail yards on the Gulf Coast, which is a good thing. It just comes at a higher cost, with the simple reason that you experienced not only the quarry costs, but also the yard costs. And you couple that with -- we had a little bit lower volumes in the Mid Atlantic states really due to the timing of work. And then the third item was increased equipment maintenance cost is really driven by our equipment inspection efforts as part of our operational excellence efforts, which we kicked off in February last year. And this is really to prevent catastrophic equipment failure. It improves operating efficiencies and actually improves customer service. And while the costs were higher in Q3 and Q4, because of these efforts, our long-term focus on maintenance is just the right decision for the company. Now, those efforts will benefit us later this year. As over time, it improves cost by helping to eliminate expensive failure costs and really the expense of downtime. And I would expect some of these costs to continue for a bit into 2020. But all that's built into our full year 2020 guidance, and I got to tell you I'm very pleased. This takes a lot of work and a lot of effort and I please will operators performance here.
Stanley Elliott: No doubt. And then sticking on the cost side, can you just speak to the leverage you’re seeing on the SAG line? I wanted to call SG&A, but I feel like that tracking below 7% of sales, maybe one of the best the company's history. Talk a little bit about how you're driving that down when your revenues are going to be up double-digits.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. Sure. I'm happy to do that. And good morning to you. The SAG area, which is predominantly corporate and administrative type costs, is an area where we are continually focusing our attention. If you look at the fourth quarter and you look at full year of 2019, while the absolute dollar amount is higher, we did reduce it as a -- cost as a percentage of revenue and that's something that we had been really focused on as part of our budgeting process. And as we move into 2020 I mean, look, we want to make sure that we are delivering the appropriate services to our operational folks. And we have looked across the footprint, particularly in those corporate and admin functions for ways to be more efficient and effective in delivering those important services to people, and sometimes that is just finding more efficient ways to do things. Sometimes, it's using technology. You just use a number of things at your disposal to try to effect some change. So, you'll see those efforts which have already begun some -- some are completed as we speak. You'll see that reflected in the 2020 guidance and we are absolutely driving toward not just a reduction of those cost as a percentage of revenue, but also a reduction in the absolute dollar amount, and we have plans in place to do that.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. Thank you very much for the time and best of luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trey Grooms of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: Good morning. So, I guess, I'm going to talk more -- or my first question is more around the volume. So, one, 4Q -- the 4Q volume, you did see a little bit of a deceleration there relative to what we saw in some of the other quarters. And then seeing the volume going from 7% or so, I guess that you put up 19% in aggregates to the guidance this year of 2% to 4%, it's my first question, can you talk more specifically about how we get there and what your end market expectations are, or your assumptions for your end markets, public, private, non-resi and residential, that you have baked into that.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, good morning. That's a good question. I'll just start off with a gentle reminder about the tough comp that we had year-over-year in fourth quarter, and then Tom can address some more specific comments. If we look at the fourth quarter of 2018 from the revenue perspective, it was just a really strong quarter. We had an 8% growth in volume, which led to a 24% in aggregates gross profit. So, I think with the volume increase of about 4% in the quarter this year, I mean, frankly, that's -- I think that's pretty decent growth. It's well within our guidance range that we set forward at the beginning of the year and coming off. So, very good fourth quarter we had last year, I'm not completely surprised by that.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I would add to that. The 2% to 4% growth in 2020, I think is our -- trying to be thoughtful about taking everything into account, demand, timing of shipments whether comparing it to 2019. So, remember that this -- that we saw a little bit slower starts and leading indicators on the private side and in the third quarter kind of July to October, that has now picked up and picked up dramatically. And it could flow through a part of 2020 as a short low or it could just -- what we're seeing right now to look through it, we just don't know quite know yet. On the highway side, funding is up, demands is up. And public works for the first time, non-highway public works picking up. Still, there's quite a bit of unknowns about -- again about how fast DOTs can get jobs let and to work. The funding is there, but it has to be about timing, I think. We are also not going to have -- as Suzanne said, we're not going to have a first quarter 2019. Last year we had a windfall, we were 13% as we had pulled forward from the prior year. And then 2019, we didn't have any hurricanes or tropical storms that impacted us in any material way. I think the 2% to 4% volume growth in our guidance is a thoughtful approach as we pull all those factors together. I would point out in all of this, that we will see growth in all four end markets and the one that's coming on, and we're pleased to see is that the non-highway infrastructure pieces is now rolling.
Trey Grooms: Got it. Okay. And Tom you mentioned the 1Q of 2019 having a pretty good showing there, with some windfalls. How should we be thinking -- and maybe this is for Suzanne, but how should we be thinking about the cadence there, the volume as we look into 2020 in light of things like tough comps and things of that nature?
Tom Hill: I think as always, it's going to be timing related. It'll be -- the -- we will have ebbs and flows with that, but the -- it will be timing of weather and timing of large projects.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thomas of -- beg your pardon -- Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: Morning. Thanks for taking my questions today. First, focusing on Illinois, we are seeing a pick up the lettings in Illinois. I know you talked about lettings in the prepared commentary focusing on that. How do you expect forward you’re seeing work, what type of projects and how big an impact could we build -- only have a state that has relatively underperformed over the past several years.
Tom Hill: I think, it's hard for me to hear you. What’s your question -- first of all, how's it in Illinois? And then what would -- what should we expect from how it worked? What type of work?
Kathryn Thompson: Yeah. Really. What -- we've seen lettings, are you starting to see work come from rebuild only and what are your expectations for future volumes in the state from this FAST Act?
Tom Hill: So, I think that Illinois, I wouldn't -- we're not expecting a lot of that funding to flow through in 2020. I think it’s weighted more 2021. We still have some of the toll work and airport work which will benefit us in Illinois in 2020. On the private side, in Illinois, it's probably not one of our strengths, is probably one of the few places we're probably seeing some weakness on that. So, while the team in Illinois did good job, improving unit margins, they're not getting the benefit of big volumes, and I don't think we are going to see the highway work in Illinois, much of it until 2021. Am I answering your question?
Kathryn Thompson: Yeah. No, that's helpful. That's helpful. And then also just following up on the rail network. Assume that most the volumes are out of your South Georgia ops. Could you give us -- confirm just any more color in terms of type of projects that you're seeing, that are driving demand in the Gulf? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yeah. So, it was -- in the fourth quarter, the rail work was really widespread, and it was really more timing. We're pleased with it. It's good work. It just comes at a higher cost. But it was across the board. I mean, it was Texas. It was the Mississippi, Louisiana/assuming Panhandle, out -- South Alabama, even into Florida. We really just had -- just had a good solid fourth quarter and weather helped it.
Kathryn Thompson: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs Group. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Tom Hill: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering -- could you talk about the pricing cadence as we think about 2020 versus 2019, any differences in timing of price increases that we should keep in mind? And can you comment on how broad the price increases is in terms of breadth of markets as we think about 2020 versus what you put through 2019?
Tom Hill: Yeah. I would describe it is very similar -- 2020 will be very similar 2019. We're continuing to see solid price improvements at this point in 2020. We are very confident and guided that 4% to 6% price improvement for the year. Our bid work, our backlogs would support this, and our discussions with our fixed plant customers would support this kind of pricing momentum. Again -- and we’ve always pointed this out, but we're doing again, it's really underpinned by that visibility of the rapidly growing highway work. And a solid -- we think a solid performance will be seen in growth in the private side. And then again, now we're starting to see growth in the non-highway infrastructure. Whilst it's the smallest piece of it, it's healthy. And I would tell you that we're going to see price increases across. It's really widespread. It’s across every one of our markets.
Suzanne Wood: As it was in 2019.
Tom Hill: Yeah.
Jerry Revich: And we will have -- if you hit -- the pricing guidance will have two straight years of 5% or so. Pricing gains, it's not sustainable in the medium term. And obviously, you're looking for a lower volume growth in 2010 than in 2019. I'm wondering as we think about the medium term outlook, how would you counsel us to think about sustainable level of long-term pricing gains.
Tom Hill: Obviously, we're not going to give guidance past 2020, but I -- you saw it in 2019, you're going to see it in 2020. I think the -- again, we've got long-term substantial highway funding coming and that visibility will continue to grow. So that just supports the kind of pricing we're singing. 
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, in the past when you had pricing momentum in aggregates -- in your asphalt markets, you're able to achieve gross margin expansion. I could get a faster rate than we've seen so far in the cycle. Can you just comment on what's holding you back from achieving historical levels of gross margins in asphalt in this cycle compared to the past?
Tom Hill: Yeah, well, I think -- and as far as asphalt is concerned, we're guiding to not our product lines being up 10% to 15%. Asphalt prices and unit margins are going to drive the big improvement that asphalt. We would expect gross profit in asphalt to be up double-digit. That would be probably a slight improvement -- flat to a slight improvement in liquid costs. I think the good news is that the good highway work where we experienced the big funds and the timing of that line up with our asphalt business. So the story in asphalt I think is this is we said we -- all last year we would catch and bypass liquid prices, liquid cost to improve unit margins. You saw this happen in the fourth quarter, more to come.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Tom, I think you mentioned being disappointed over the last couple months with regards to the speed with which some states are letting work. I was wondering if you just get a little more color on which states you're seeing this and maybe the magnitude of the delays, relative to what you were initially expecting.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I would describe it this way. I think at this point, where we are in the year right now, we would expect highway demand at this point be up, predict low single digit. Now that could move to mid single digit depending on the timing of large projects and really state's ability to get work let and get work started. As I said earlier for asphalt, the good news is states where we have asphalt probably have the strongest demand going into 2020, Texas, California, Virginia, Florida, Tennessee. But if the flip side of that is places like Georgia and South Carolina, they struggled at the end of last year to get work -- to get fundings let and work started. If you look at Georgia, we are still shipping three mega projects in Georgia. So that's helping, but I would tell you that highway awards data starts have been a little slower, but then again lettings -- they do ebb and flow, they come and go. All that said, I think that single digit -- that low single digit could turn quickly to push us to mid single digit. You got Georgia in the second half of 2019 where lettings were slow, now Georgia in the first half of 2020 is going to let $1 billion worth of work. Texas is looking to double their lettings going into 2021, that's already healthy. It's at $7.214 billion. California, we'd expect fund spending to up some 13%, embedded in that is a 25% increase in maintenance funding and that maintenance funding could go very fast. All-in-all, we'll experience growth in highways in 2020 and for years to come. And as -- I will give you a reminder that highway starts right now while they've been maybe a little bit slower or 20% versus where they were two years ago. So, it's growing. It's just how fast in the states get it to work.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. And then in the release, I think you made some reference to concrete project delays. Can you talk about where you saw these project delays? And the magnitude and what do you expect this to kind of continue into 2020?
Tom Hill: Yeah. They -- we got delayed two places. It was timing of big projects in Virginia. And then it was both weather and fires in Northern California where we got hit with -- on the volume piece of this. I would expect volumes in concrete in 2020 up mid single digit and recovering in both those markets. I would expect prices up probably mid single digit and I would expect unit margins in concrete up double-digits.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Mike Dahl: Thanks for …
Suzanne Wood: Morning.
Mike Dahl: Morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I'm -- just to follow-up on one of the prior questions around the state lettings. What's your sense of just the underlying fundamental cause for the slower pace of lettings? Is it a -- is it a worker shortage, is it -- something in terms of the just getting things through the regulatory bodies, just a little more color on the underlying root cause there?
Tom Hill: Yeah. I don't think it's external factors outside of the DOTs. It's really them being able to -- they got huge slug of funding, they got to mature into that and then they are going to have -- you got to get it estimated, permitted, let -- you got engineering that goes into this, a lot work for those DOTs, put projects out, while everybody has the pressures of workers and employment at -- this is not what's holding up the lettings, it is just -- it’s holding up the states, it’s just their ability to get that work planned and out and let and put to work.
Suzanne Wood: Particularly as some of the projects are larger than they had been in the past. The larger the project that just adds a degree of complexity to the process.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks. Second question, just thinking about the incremental margins, if I look at 2019 and on the whole, the difference if my math is right in terms of the incremental margin and what you would target on as 60% would be about $60 million in EBITDA and so understand some of the one time issues or transitory issues that you've been talking about. But it's pretty big number and this is in a year where you had everything kind of working for you in terms of volume price and your internal initiatives. So, as we go into 20, I guess what I'm getting at is really just -- what's giving you the level of confidence that you can get back to the 60%? Is it actually -- volume was too hot in 2019? And so it gives you go into 2020, the stripping costs aren't as high or just trying to understand that bridge little.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. I will comment first and then I'm sure Tom will have a follow-up comment. I'm -- I can't say I'm quite sure about your math on the $60 million, but with respect to the 60% that is -- we say this often that is a long-term average, you're going to have some quarters and some years when you hit it some quarters, you're below it. We have had a couple of years where we were just above that. In fact, if you just look at 2019 for the trailing 12-month period ended in September we were right at 60%. So I think when you look at the flow through for this year it really does revolve around those three items that Tom called out, had it not been for those we would have been much closer to that number. And some of those were timing and mix related and to the extent it’s timing and mix related, you won't have that pressure into 2020.
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think, fundamentally, this is not an inflationary issue. It's more about timing. We talked about the remote distribution, that's a good -- that's really good, because it's more volume for us. The fill work will come in 2020. As far as what we did in Q3 and Q4 was stripping and preventive maintenance. I think those are just got that operating disciplines. First of all, the stripping is an investment and in pits. While it's cost -- it's a one time thing for a while as you develop pits and get ready for future volumes which we think are going to grow. On the maintenance side, it's really about -- we want to control our equipment, don't have the equipment control you and make sure you do in a timely manner. Let me just give you like a real life example of that. If you were to take a seven-foot cone crusher down, due to oil samples, it cost you $50,000. If you wait till it failed, it cost you $150,000 and that's just the tip of the iceberg cost because now you're taking the plant down which is very expensive. And if you look at underneath that where we are from really important metrics like tons per hour to a plant downtime or tons per man hour, you are seeing improvement. It's an investment. We started February with investment in our people operations -- through this operational excellence program, allows us to maximize the long-term efficiency of operations. And I’d tell you that I'm confidence that these efforts will improve our profitability of the company. And I think we our folks have taken those into account as they created their plan and their guidance for 2020.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rohit Seth of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Rohit Seth: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just curious on if resident -- if residential construction grew faster than you expected in 2020, would there be any ASP or mixed benefits or maybe on the cost side?
Tom Hill: No, I think it would you -- residential has a good mix of both base and clean stone. I think it would flow through like everything else. Although -- and that is something we'd love to see. So, we got our fingers crossed, but I wouldn't expect any big price mix change or unit margins mix change.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then on your incremental margins, just kind of building on some of the things you've already said, but last three years, it's come under the 60%. I'm curious how much of equipment failure has been part of that issue?
Tom Hill: Well, I think as we do that -- we talked about same-store and same-store in 2018 finished 65%. 2019 was -- so we have years that are up, we have years below. I think as you look at it -- and I would point out to you the same-store -- and you could have times when it's higher, you're going to have times when it’s lower, will guide you back to the 60%.
Rohit Seth: Right.
Suzanne Wood: The other thing -- I'm sorry, I was just going to add. I think the other thing for us is -- the real question is we look through some of these fourth quarter cost is, is there something there that is indicative of a significant shift in the cost performance of the company, is something going on there that has materially changed the cost structure of the company. And that to me would be the real important sort of carry forward question into 2020. And again, as we go back through those items, our view internally as we've talked a lot about them is, no that there isn't something that is a significant change in the cost structure of the company. And for that reason, even though there can be some volatility in it between quarters or years, we, on the long-term basis, guide back to a trailing 12 of 60%.
Rohit Seth: Understood. And then on the M&A pipeline, can you provide any thoughts and what you're seeing out there and maybe your appetite.
Tom Hill: Yeah. As always we've some projects both large and small that we're working. Again, as we always tell you its discipline. Everything does not fit us. It's got to be unique to have synergies for us, have the discipline that if it's too expensive won't be able to walk away from it. And really importantly is once you get it, make sure you integrate it very fast and very accurately. So, we've got a number of them working. We'll just -- again all of them don't fit us, so we'll be picky about what we buy. 
Rohit Seth: Any deals of size out there? 
Tom Hill: There are -- it's both. It's both -- some large ones and some small ones. I don't think there's any mega ones out there, but I would -- this full gambit.
Rohit Seth: Understood. All right. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Wood of Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Michael.
Michael Wood: I was hoping you could quantify the repair and maintenance a little bit more. Curious if you could tell us how much it is as a percentage of COGS? And should we think about this is a purely variable next year in terms of increasing alongside volume, or could it maybe decline after being elevated this year?
Tom Hill: I think what -- we would guide you to that -- this is that I think you may see a little bit more of this in the first few months of the year. And then, I would expect it to level off to meet the guidance that we've given you. And I would call that out is both some stripping and some repair and maintenance, but I think we're confident as we look at our hand for the full year guidance of how that flows through -- our cost flows through for the year.
Michael Wood: Okay. In 2019, I know you were talking about throughout the year -- earlier in the year, some lower mixed ongoing on to the larger highway projects. I'm curious if you can give us an update on that? Is that continued, or you seeing kind of mix up as those projects mature?
Tom Hill: I think what we saw in -- the mix that we saw in the quarter was a little bit of geographic and a little bit of product mix. As we called out, I think was that for the year our performance was right in line with guidance. The full year was 5.5, mix adjusted 4.8, and it was in the impact of asphalt size is it really driven by highway work. Geographic mix, a little bit higher volumes on the Gulf Coast and the Southeast.
Michael Wood: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hi, guys.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Phil Ng: Good morning. Appreciating that there are some delayed lettings and potentially some downdraft from private, couple of tougher comps. Would be helpful, Tom, if you give us some color how to think about the shape of the year from a growth standpoint?
Tom Hill: Yeah. Good question. I would expect -- first of all, you have got a really tough comp in Q1, because volumes last year were up 13% and it was really that you had the pull forward from 2018 into 2019. And other than that I would call it one of timing of large projects and timing of weather and we also had a very -- the weather in the first quarter of last year was -- with exception of California was quite good. So -- and you guys can look outside and see what's happening right now with the weather in first quarter this year. So, all-in-all, I think it's timing of weather in large projects.
Phil Ng: And Tom, you're not calling for any delay of larger project at this juncture, which would you can't predict at this juncture, if I'm interpreting your kind of ...?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So -- yeah, we're shipping a lot of big projects right now. We called out three in Georgia. We've got a number of different places. I believe it's going to be how fast the highways can get the jobs let and to work.
Phil Ng: Okay.
Tom Hill: And we talked about that a little bit where there was fast and we were slow what we call it out with Georgia and South Carolina, which slot. The second half of last year's lettings which flow into 2020 and slow, but the first half of this year they've got huge letting. So, we'll see -- how fast the work get started.
Phil Ng: Got it. And then based on your guidance for your downstream business for 2020, it's a touch below what you thought actually, coming into 2019 initially, just given some of the project delays you saw last year and frankly a more manageable liquid asphalt price environment. I'm little surprised you're not expecting more strength. Can you give us some of the puts and takes?
Tom Hill: Yeah. I think what we see is real strength in unit margin improvement in asphalt and up double-digit. We're calling for liquid being flat to slightly down. And our volumes are just up slightly. And the -- that again will be determined by the timing of this DOT work and how fast it gets started. You got to remember we had two -- we had big projects in asphalt in Tennessee and we had the big 202 project in Arizona, which neither one of those were repeating going into 2020. So, they were windfalls in 2019, they are not going to repeat, even with that we're seeing slight improvements in volume and so that get much bigger -- they'll have to accelerate work is in some of the lettings that I talked about.
Phil Ng: Got it.
Tom Hill: The thing I'm encouraged about -- I said in asphalt is -- you saw those margins turn in the fourth quarter, we have been predicting that kind of chasing that through the year 2019, now we see -- we carry that momentum into 2020.
Phil Ng: And just one cleanup question, Tom. When you said flat to down liquid costs, are you calling sequentially or is that more on a year-over-year on …?
Tom Hill: But I think -- importantly with that we're going to manage what -- a number of what happens the last fall, we're going to manage that unit margin in asphalt appropriately. So, the liquid prices fall, we'll see that accretive to unit margins. And like I said the good news is -- we call it and keep growing it and I think we'll see that as we continue to perform in 2020.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seldon Clarke of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Seldon Clarke: Hi. Thanks for the question.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Seldon Clarke: Could you just give us a sense of how the margin differs on your shipments by rail? Is this a dynamic that's coming solely from higher demand in these particular areas, or has the cost of service provided by the rails change with some of the ongoing initiatives that they've been putting into place?
Tom Hill: Okay. I would point out this way. In general, the rail tons is just going to be a little lower margins where -- and that's -- and higher price, higher costs, a little bit lower margins, but very good margins. So, it's good work. I mean, the volume being up is a good thing. I would point out that in contrast, the blue water tonnage is much higher margins, it would be higher price, higher cost and higher margins than the whole. So --- and what we saw in the quarter was just a timing of good work along the rail that happened to ship at a higher rate.
Seldon Clarke: Okay. So, nothing to do with them putting process rail in place. Okay.
Tom Hill: No.
Suzanne Wood: No.
Tom Hill: A simple thing with quarry cost versus rail distribution, you have rail distribution plus the quarry costs which just comes at a higher price and a higher cost.
Seldon Clarke: Got it. Okay. And then just a question on the 2020 guidance, there is about 700 basis points of differential in the high and low end as it relates to the year in your growth. Could you just give us a sense of maybe what's embedded in the low end of guidance, and what would you really need to see to hit the higher end of that range?
Tom Hill: I think -- I would tell you is probably going to be mostly volume. I go back to timing of shipments, I go back to do we get -- do you get hit with the tropical storm or two or three. Those would be the big variables, so I think between the high end and the low end and how it lines up would be the delta.
Suzanne Wood: That's right. And that's a very similar approach to what we took at the beginning of 2019 when we gave the volume guidance then, a range of 3% to 5%. And luckily and happily we wound up being ahead of that for the year. But Tom is right, it really comes down to what happens with the timing, it's shipments and weather as to whether you're at the lower end or the higher end. And as Tom said, we'll continue to watch with interest how residential -- how those starts, continue to improve throughout the year.
Seldon Clarke: All right. Thanks for the time.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks. Just one more ...
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Garik Shmois: Hey, good morning. So, just wanted to follow-up just on the highway outlook, just being an election year with the FAST Act expiring in the fall. Do you think that could lead to additional letting delays in 2020? Just curious how these factors might play into the highway outlook and some of the sluggishness that you can see?
Tom Hill: Yeah. We talked about the cadence and highway lettings, and some that they have been slow and now coming on strong and the timing of it, I wouldn't think the election year would have any impact on state DOT lettings and the least I don't think it's going to have -- it won't -- for sure will have any an impact on the FAST Act or funding from the Feds. I think people in Washington are working hard towards the highway bill, a lot of progress made on that both on the build side and the funding. I don't expect to get a highway bill in 2020. At the same time, when the FAST Act expires, I don't expect any of that funding to go down, we'll just do an extension. So, I don't see a big impact on it. I don't see any impact on state DOT lettings due to this being election year.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks. And then, just given some of the repair and maintenance costs here and some of the other items that you called out, is this all -- just to be clear within your plan as you think about your $2 billion EBITDA target you laid out your Investor Day and thinking about how that could be potentially achievable once you reach 230 million to 240 million tons of volume.
Tom Hill: Yeah. If anything -- I think the four strategic initiatives, including the operations excellence initiative are giving me more and more confidence in our ability to get to the $9 that we planned. I think that our operator -- if you look -- if you were to look beneath the surface in our operations, while the headline is higher stripping and repair and maintenance costs. Behind that, I think you're doing the right things in the investing in the business for the long-term. Really importantly though is you're starting to see the key operating parameters which we measure things like tons per hour throughput through individual plants, downtime individual plants, tons per man hour individual plants, we're starting to see improvement. I think we are teaching our young people the right things to do. We are leveraging the collective knowledge and experience of Vulcan across 350 plants. So, while we see some headline things, the ultimate work that goes into this from those initiatives is starting to gel. The commercial excellence initiatives is mature. It is working, and we're very pleased with our progress there.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
David MacGregor: Good morning. Just getting back to the 2% to 4% volume guide, and just a question I guess on construction capacity and if we get a large increase in awards and lettings. What are the downstream bottlenecks that most concern use or constraint to your volume growth? And how you accounted for that as potentially conservative element within your guidance?
Tom Hill: Well, first of all, for Vulcan internally, I don't think we see any bottlenecks we can handle it. We love to see it grow as much as it could, and we will be there both from an aggregate prospective and asphalt prospective or concrete perspective. On -- as far as if lettings were to increase dramatically, I think what you see is the work would happen. The big bottleneck as always the people ask about is labor and all the labor shortages, to answer that question is, yes. I don't think it's going to hold up work, but I think it will hold up is ability to catch up once work is delayed. So, if you had a month in the wintertime, which was all rain and really cold trying to catch that up or if you had a big tropical storm come through, it's going to take you a little longer to catch it up just because they don't have the firepower to do it fast. That's how I would describe it.
David MacGregor: Okay. Have you factored that in your guidance? Is that -- there is an element potentially the discrepancy between 2% to 4%, which seems fairly conservative versus the story, which seems pretty bullish?
Tom Hill: I think that -- I think when it comes to volume, as I've said we tried to pull all of those factors and as comparing last year the pull through, the weather aspect of it, a little bit of a air pocket and leading indicators in the rail side and the timings of highway lettings and state's ability to get that work and when we pull all that together and the upside potential, the risk piece of it, that's what we got -- we try to be thoughtful about the 2% to 4%.
David MacGregor: Yeah. That makes sense. And then second question on mix. And if you could talk about the pace of growth in your backlog. And is as your backlog building faster in your higher margin products and geographies?
Tom Hill: I think -- I would describe this. I think when we looked at the 4% to 6% is best we can. If you take the mix of products of -- when I say mix both geographic and product mix together. I think we have seen good improvement in base in our backlogs. We've seen good improvement in clean stone in our backlogs and our booking pace right now as we look at it both in price and in volume will support our guidance.
David MacGregor: Thank you very much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning, guys. What did shock you if EBITDA was flat to down in Q1?
Tom Hill: Well, we -- we can't give Q1 guidance. I think as we said we are comping over a year in the first quarter of 2019 with -- which was very good weather and we had the windfall of pull forward of 13% volume from the year before. I don't think you'll see that pull through. You guys can look outside, know what the weather is doing in the fourth -- in the first quarter. So, again, we're halfway through it, we'll just have to wait and see.
Adam Thalhimer: And then Tom, can you walk us through the demand you're seeing right now in California and Texas?
Tom Hill: Sure. I would describe California this way, I think that the -- well, let me start with Texas. The public side is very strong. The TxDOT has done an excellent job of lettings and getting work out. There is big work -- there is shipping right now, there's big work on the horizon. And as we said next year they're going to go from a wow factor of $7 billion to $14 billion. On the private side, I would describe North Texas is being driven by non-res. I'd say res is fairly flat with some exceptions, some big development North Fort Worth. South Texas housing strong, non-res, a little bit soft. Coastal Texas everything strong. And you could see some LNG work start on Coastal Texas in the second half of 2020, a little bit going now. California, Northern Cal public is very strong both for aggregates and asphalt. Private side looks good, maybe a bit flat in the Bay. Non-res is a bit soft, but leading indicators were improving. Publics on Southern California, again public very strong, highway strong, non-highway is strong. On single private -- in Southern California, probably a little bit of a watch for us with leading indicators a bit, were a bit softer in the last three months of indicators, were up over 20%. So, all-in-all, I think pretty healthy growth in both states. And I would tell you that I would expect good margin improvements -- unit margin improvements in both locations, both in aggregates and in asphalt.
Adam Thalhimer: Good color. Okay. Thanks, Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrian Huerta of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Adrian Huerta: Hi, good morning everyone and thank you for taking my call, Tom and Suzanne.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Adrian Huerta: Good morning. Quick question on cash taxes -- can you tell us how they ended last year. I believe they probably ended way below what you were expecting early last year. And right now you're back into expecting $200 million. If there is any chances that there could be lower than your guidance?
Suzanne Wood: Sure. And the main reason for the reduction in cash taxes through the year was that as we started the year. We have not made a determination as to whether we were going to take advantage of the bonus depreciation or not that's a calculation that we have to go through each year because there is some interplay between it and depletion allowance that we get, when we file our tax returns as well as some other things. So, there is an actual -- while it might seem obvious, you would want to take advantage of the bonus depreciation there is actually a calculation that you need to go to ensure you are selecting the calculation methodology that gives you the most tax benefit. So, we started out the year under one assumption. We determined in the second quarter and called this out at the time that we were indeed going to take the bonus depreciation, that resulted in for 2019 us paying quite a bit less tax than we had initially intended and the estimated -- the cash tax rate was between 7% and 8%. As we start off in 2020, we are guiding to an effective tax rate of 20%, we will go through the same process again and make a determination as to what depreciation methodology we're going to use. So, there is some chance the cash tax may be lower. But we will -- we'll work through that process in a similar fashion that we use this year. Even under the -- even under the assumption of having higher cash taxes in 2020 as compared to 2019, I just point out, we still would throw off about $800 million of discretionary cash flow. So very healthy, very substantial and that $800 million could be put on a discretionary basis toward growth projects, potentially M&A, if something comes along that meets all the criteria that Tom outlined, your dividends and share repurchases.
Adrian Huerta: That was very clear, Suzanne. And if I may ask another question. Can you share with us any details on the quarry that is expected to open in California in terms of when and the size and potential volumes on an annual basis that that quarry could take?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So it's, in Frisco, we're not -- it probably won't open until beginning of next year -- first or second quarter of next year. Size, we're not going to actually disclose that at this point. We have a closer to -- we will talk about those things. It's been a very good market. It was taken us some 10 plus years to get this done. The team has worked very hard, and now they're working hard to build it out into a market that is -- it is very healthy and quite profitable.
Adrian Huerta: Excellent, Tom. So, it's totally new market for you?
Tom Hill: No, it's a market we've been in before.
Adrian Huerta: Okay. Excellent. Thank you so much Tom and Suzanne. I appreciate it.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Chabran of On Field Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Chabran: Hello, everyone. Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. First of all, concerning the rail deliveries, I think you talked about that extensively already so and my apologies you already answered. But how should we think about it for 2020 the evolution of rail deliveries. Is there any chance that it could impact your margins as it did in Q4 2019?
Tom Hill: I'm sorry. The beginning of your question -- I'm sorry, beginning of your question I couldn't hear.
Paul Chabran: I'm sorry. The question was related to the evolution of rail deliveries in 2020. How should we think about that, does change -- they could impact your margin as it did in Q4 2019?
Suzanne Wood: The repairs and maintenance, is that what you're asking about -- the connection was a little poor -- I just couldn't hear. I'm sorry.
Paul Chabran: Yeah. Apologies. It's concerning the rail deliveries. They don't defense rail deliveries that had an impact on your margin in Q4?
Tom Hill: I wouldn't expect -- the rail happen to be a timing issue of big shipments in the fourth quarter. And I would not expect -- I think we've got those -- the volumes that we do out of those that rail distribution network embedded in our 2020 guidance, and I would see very little impact.
Paul Chabran: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thielman of DA Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Brent Thielman: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to -- for I think for you, Suzanne, just on the SAG expense, can you help us understand the sensitivity to growth this year. In other words, if things are going to lineup well, through the year, you start seeing 5%, 6%, 7% volume growth, can we sustain SAG below 2019 level?
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. I think we can. As I said, this is a matter of what's driving that cost reduction year-over-year or the changes we talked about. Some of that is being more efficient in the way we do things. So, it's not like -- it's a variable kind of expense. It's more what I would call on the fixed side that we are making some changes and so, I think that that would be sustainable, yes.
Brent Thielman: Thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Good -- I think afternoon. I think you may have gone into 12 o'clock. So, in light of that you've been very good job in answering and being very descriptive. So, all of my questions have been answered. Appreciate it. Thank you. Good luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the call back to Tom Hill for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Well, thank you for your interest and support to Vulcan Materials. We've enjoyed talking to you today. As you can tell, Suzanne and I are very excited about 2020. And we look forward to sharing the team's news of how we continue to make progress toward our longer term goals of $9 a ton, cash gross profit per ton. We'll talk to you throughout the months to come. Thanks.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today’s today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the U.S. Concrete, Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. John Kunz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead.
John Kunz: Thank you, Roshae. Good morning and welcome to U.S. Concrete's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today are Bill Sandbrook, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Ronnie Pruitt, our President and Chief Operating Officer. We will make some prepared remarks, after which we will open the call to questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. A presentation to facilitate today's discussion is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. As detailed on page two of our presentation, today's call will include forward-looking statements as defined by the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially. Except as legally required, we undertake no obligation to update or conform such statements to actual results or changes in our expectations. For a list of these factors, please refer to the legal disclaimers and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC. Please note that you can find the reconciliations and other information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K filed earlier today. If you would like to be on an e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under e-mail alerts. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website under Events and Presentations. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Sandbrook: Thank you, John. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our call. In light of continued strength in each of our markets and improved weather patterns, I am pleased to announce that our quarterly revenue hit a record high of $409 million. The growth in revenue was driven by higher ready-mixed volumes and increased average sales prices in our aggregates and ready-mixed product lines. Our total adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $62 million a record high as well and our adjusted EBITDA margins came in at 15.2% with the increased volumes contributing to these improvements. With our overall volume and revenue growth are a bit lower than we anticipated, we did, however, see meaningful volume growth in our Texas markets. Our volume growth was tempered somewhat by labor shortages in Texas, the softness in the residential housing markets in Northern California and a continued erosion of the New York City union ready-mixed markets by nonunion competitors. The continued economic expansion and the overall growth of the North Texas markets, has limited the availability of commercial truck drivers. We continue to aggressively recruit drivers but the strengthening economy, the low unemployment rate and the numerous alternate employment opportunities makes the job of recruitment and retention more difficult than it has been in the past, limiting our ability to fully utilize our fleet and capture additional incremental market share. While the driver shortage presents its challenges, it does speak to the continued strength of the underlying demand environment in our North Texas markets. We are aggressively pursuing non-traditional avenues to source and retain drivers in these markets and fully expect to overcome these challenges going into the new year. Our volumes in Northern California market are being impacted by a temporary slowdown in the residential housing markets. While there is an increase in housing in the Central and Sacramento Valley areas, where we do not participate, the exact opposite is the case for our markets in the Bay Area. However, both at the state and local government levels and within the tech industry itself, the critical shortage of available affordable housing is recognized as being aggressively addressed through creative changes in permitting, zoning and financing alternatives. Additionally, while funding for new infrastructure projects under SB-1 is being released some of the larger projects such as Highway 99 and Interstate five in the Central Valley are outside of our service area. Furthermore, in certain California regions, the release of funds seems to be taking a bit longer than initially expected and these funding delays were not anticipated earlier in the year. However, the Silicon Valley tech industry and the commercial sector remained vibrant with many new projects on the horizon in 2020. In New York, the competitive dynamic continues to migrate towards the nonunion markets. The migration of work is not overly concerning as we participate in both the union and nonunion markets. But the management of the workforce between the two presents its challenges and we are confident that we have the correct operating model going into 2020. As for pricing, we experienced some negative mix effects from a higher percentage of our ready-mixed business, shifting to the Dallas metro markets from our Northern California markets, due to the factors previously discussed. As we have described on previous calls, our pricing in Dallas is materially lower than San Francisco because of structural cost differences. Do not let mix and its effect on average selling price mask the true strength of underlying regional real price increases. Turning to our aggregate results, while we did experience a slight decline in aggregate volumes during the quarter, the decline was driven primarily by the logistics associated with our Polaris aggregates supply chain and a temporary lull in the Bay Area residential markets. Some of our shipments were deferred into the fourth quarter as one of the shifts in the rotation experienced propeller issue causing it to be temporarily taken out of service. However, the lost volume in the quarter did not limit the team's ability to improve efficiency and profitability. Aggregate volumes in our Central and Atlantic regions were up versus the prior year period due to continued steady demand in those regions. The flooding on the Red River has subsided and production is returning to more normal levels in that location as well. Significant operational improvements in both our Texas and New Jersey aggregate operations were evident in our improved margins in the quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Ronnie to take us through each of our markets and to highlight our margin improvement progress.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thanks, Bill, and good morning everyone. As I mentioned on our previous calls, we have undertaken several strategic initiatives to improve margins across all areas of our company. These initiatives include delivery, mix, process, and customer optimization. The continued development of our proprietary dispatching system WheresMyConcrete, along with the embedded CRM system will play a critical role in the success of these initiatives. To that end I recently traveled throughout our regions hosting a series of town hall meetings with numerous members of our U.S. Concrete team. During these meetings we discussed our C3 discipline of courage, compassion and credibility within our workforce, while also reinforcing our process improvement initiatives throughout the regions. The overwhelming positive response from our team members not only embracing but owning these goals is extremely encouraging. We have a tremendous amount of work ahead but I am confident in our margin improvement initiatives. As I mentioned before our digital transformation strategy will be a critical piece of our successful path. As such, we are continuing to increase our investment from the technology with the objective of improving the customer experience, while at the same time increasing revenue and reducing costs. Our digital platform WheresMyConcrete will be the cornerstone of the digital transformation initiative with the continued development of its core quote-to-cash functionality, mobile applications, analytics and artificial intelligence. Feedback from our early adopters of WheresMyConcrete confirms the substantial benefits to our regional teams and customer based on enhanced transparency and improved data analytics, which is leading to more informed and quicker decision-making. Beyond the targeted value proposition that WheresMyConcrete delivers to our business, our technology team is identifying even more ways to leverage this technology to further enhance the customer experience along with our delivery efficiencies. Now let me spend some time on our regional performance. Our Central region, which includes Texas, Oklahoma and the USVI operations, represented 37% of our revenue this quarter. This region continues to show strong demand as we see the North Dallas area attract new corporate office relocations leading to added jobs and population growth. One of the more exciting additions to the corporate landscape is Uber bringing 3,000 jobs and its plan to spend more than $75 million in capital outside of downtown Dallas. Microsoft is also expanding its reach in the North Texas market by moving more of its operations to Irving, while investing over $31 million in capital. These investments will further enhance Dallas' position as a technology hub, which should drive further investment from this sector in the future. We are also continuing to see vertical construction outside of the traditional downtown Dallas setting. The West Plano area, a major area of recent job growth is getting its tallest tower yet. Plans for a 415,000-square foot mixed-use development that will top out at 18 storeys is set to begin construction in early 2020. The continued future growth in the North Dallas market will be supported by the record lettings expected and the many non-DOT projects planned. Recently, Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and American Airlines announced plans to invest $3.5 billion to develop a sixth terminal. A significant non-DOT project that is showing major potential, passing many hurdles to get towards construction is the $16 billion high-speed rail project that will connect Dallas to Houston, which will utilize nearly 10 million cubic yards of concrete. Just to put that in perspective, that's nearly three times as much as we used to -- or as we used to construct the Hoover Dam. Strengthening our position in this market, we continue to focus on vertical integration opportunities. We recently began commissioning on one of our previously mentioned greenfield aggregate plants, MW Ranch, located south of the DFW Metroplex. This operation will serve both internal needs as well as grow our external customer base in this high-growth area of the metroplex. We anticipate this plant being fully operational by the end of this year. We are also progressing with the modernization of our Amarillo aggregate operation. This new production facility should be fully operational in the first half of 2020 and add much-needed production capacity as well as lower production costs, supporting our downstream assets in this high-growth West Texas market. Our West region which includes Northern California ready-mixed operations and Polaris aggregates represented approximately 30% of our revenue this quarter. This market is seeing strong results in commercial construction driven by the tech sector and public programs. We are confident that infrastructure spend will continue to support this sector as funding from California's SB-1 legislation continues to be more widely rolled out. This is an important step for safety of all the constituents of California and further supports both our aggregate and ready-mixed concrete operations. More specifically, Polaris will benefit from increased aggregate demand in both Northern and Southern California, as ready-mixed demand increases from these public projects. While we have seen some softness in the residential housing markets that we serve, we feel confident that the spend for commercial, industrial and infrastructure projects should mitigate this softness. In fact, Facebook recently announced they're committing $1 billion towards better land utilization for housing middle-income workers and more appropriate housing to help solve many other into these needs. Apple has committed $2.5 billion towards affordable housing in California, while Google has also committed $1 billion for housing development. The East region, which includes New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia and D.C. Virginia, represented 33% of our revenue this quarter. We have a high degree of optimism in this regional market and are seeing the benefits from strategic changes we made to our sales structure earlier this year, specifically greater alignment with our customers and markets. In the New York region, we are experiencing a more competitive landscape of nonunion contractors, gaining opportunities from union projects. With the shift in work to the outer boroughs, our footprint gives us a distinct advantage that allows us to competitively pursue work, while controlling delivery costs. This can be seen in our high-profile work that we have across all boroughs that will continue to drive volumes well into next year. We're also aggressively focused on driver recruitment, training -- and training to help us overcome delivery issues and further reduce delivery and personnel costs. New York is also taking infrastructure very seriously. Like many of our other markets they are doing what is necessary to handle the specific needs to support the safety and sustainability of their community. The New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority recently approved a $51.5 billion capital plan to overhaul the city's transportation system. Plans for the BIG U, the $1 billion wall and park around the southern tip of Manhattan, seems to be moving forward with funds awarded and the September flooding providing a stark reminder of the need. Staten Island is also planning to build a protective wall to defend against the possibility of storm surges and reduce the impact of flood-related damages. With regards to aggregates, we are in the process of enhancing the output of both of our Northern New Jersey aggregate operations. Through both increased reserves as well as additional processing equipment, we anticipate better efficiencies and increased production throughout the next calendar year. We have also continued to enhance our sand operations in South Jersey which we transport by water into the New York market. We anticipate these enhancements to continue to provide more efficient operating costs as well as additional long-term capacity improvements. In our Washington D.C. market, we continue to see growth spurred by Amazon's HQ2, a 19-storey mixed-use tower was approved to be built in Pentagon City. Recent news is also out about one of Amazon's subsidiaries; Perspecta expanding Amazon's data center portfolio with a new facility in Northern Virginia. This adds to what is expected to be an economic boom for the Northern Virginia area from the data center market. Each of our markets presents their own positive outlook for continued building and growth reaffirming confidence in our construction markets. Now I would like to turn the call over to John to discuss our financial results.
John Kunz: Thanks Ronnie. For the third quarter our total revenue of $409 million and adjusted EBITDA of $62 million both of which were all-time company records were driven by higher ready-mixed volumes which resulted from more favorable weather conditions and an active construction economy. Our material spread was $65.94 on a dollar per cubic yard basis. Our EBITDA adjustments for the quarter relate primarily to stock compensation acquisition-related costs and officer transition expenses. SG&A was 7.8% of revenue for the third quarter of 2019 compared to 8% in the prior year quarter. Adjusted SG&A excluding stock compensation acquisition-related costs and officer transition expenses was 6.3% of revenue in the third quarter of 2019 compared to 6.6% in the prior year quarter primarily reflecting the impact of higher revenue. As we discussed previously stock compensation expense was higher as our annual awards were made at the beginning of March, but the valuation for accounting purposes did not take place until shareholder approval at our annual meeting in May. In 2019 we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year and our interest expense is expected to be around $46 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate of 27% is based on the expectation that language unfavorable to manufacturers related to the interest deduction limitation currently included in the proposed regulation is removed by the Treasury in the final version. As of September 30, our total debt including current maturities was $706 million and we reported $72 million in operating lease liabilities. As of September 30 we had total liquidity of $263 million including $27 million of cash and cash equivalents and $236 million of availability under our revolver. Our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was 3.7 times. With our anticipated improvement in volumes and performance in the fourth quarter versus the year ago quarter, we would expect to see a further reduction in this ratio at year-end. We continue to have a solid liquidity position and no near-term maturities associated with our senior notes or ABL facility. Moving to our cash flow and balance sheet, during the third quarter of 2019 we generated $51.5 million of cash provided by our operating activity as compared to $42.3 million in the prior year quarter. We generated $41.5 million of adjusted free cash flow compared to $45.5 million in the prior year quarter remembering that last year's cash flow included $15 million from the sale of our Dallas line of business. We will continue to focus on managing working capital and capital expenditures in the coming quarter to generate increased cash flow. We made contingent consideration payments associated with past acquisitions of approximately $23 million during the third quarter of 2019 and expect that any further contingent consideration payments in Q4 would not be significant  During the third quarter of 2019 we spent approximately $10.5 million on capital expenditures primarily related to our plants and machinery and equipment to support the continued demand in our markets compared to approximately $11.4 million for the same period last year. For the full year of 2019 we continue to anticipate managing capital expenditures in the range of $30 million to $35 million and anticipate that our equipment acquired through capital leases will be in the $20 million to $25 million range excluding capital for the development of a Texas aggregates quarry. Our cash flow from operating activities is expected to be in the range of 50% to 60% of adjusted EBITDA. We continue to see a robust demand environment as we look to build upon our third quarter results. We anticipate to continue -- continued solid cash flow generation along with sufficient liquidity to support our ongoing operational need. I'll now turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Sandbrook: Thanks, John. As we look into the fourth quarter and into 2020, our customers are telling us to expect the continuation of the type of activity that we have seen in the past few years. There continues to be a solid pipeline of projects coming to market with meaningful volumes and solid margin potential. Visibility for 2020 is becoming clear as we near the end of the year and our customers remain positive on this cycle and the outlook for continued growth. So far the fourth quarter has gotten off to a good start with volumes exceeding their levels of a year ago. As we refine our 2019 full year guidance, we anticipate total revenue and EBITDA to be around the lower range of our previous guidance. As we look out into 2020, our preliminary view anticipates low to mid single-digit volume growth and low to mid single-digit growth in pricing. In closing, I want to emphasize that we will continue to work strategically and operationally on the areas of our business that we believe will most efficiently and effectively enhance shareholder value. We intend to actively pursue our strategic vision to build and profitably grow defensible vertically integrated positions in major metropolitan markets with an increasing concentration on aggregates in order to create unique market-leading and value-enhancing franchises, which are impossible to replicate. With this focused strategic vision, we believe we are well-positioned to successfully execute on our plans to maximize shareholder value over the long-term. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We would now like to turn the call back over to Roshae for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc.
Trey Grooms: Hey good morning.
John Kunz: Hi, Trey.
Ronnie Pruitt: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: So a few on the end markets first. So North Texas, clearly strong fundamentals but you're being constrained by the drivers or availability of drivers. So I know the outlook for demand is good there, but why would this labor issue change anytime soon? And do you think that's going to continue to constrain you guys' ability to benefit from the strong market going forward?
Ronnie Pruitt: Hi, Trey, this is Ronnie. Yeah, I think as we move into the future of what we're doing for labor, I mean our focus has been really on hiring and hiring and hiring and I think we're doing a really good job of attracting. Where we've seen the most impact on that is really on our turnover and the ability for these drivers to pick and choose to move not only to other companies that may be competitors but also other industries like Bill referred to earlier. So our focus now is really a retention effort just as heavy as the hiring effort. And I truly believe we can have an impact on that. The demand like you said is there. And it's really going to come down to our ability and our customers' ability on the labor side as well with customers that place and finish also have been struggling with labor as well. So, on a positive side, I think we've got a lot of good programs in place that will be focusing on the turnover piece and the retention piece. But at the end of the day, Trey, I mean what this also should bode through as better pricing in DFW. That's what we have to see is better pricing moving forward in DFW and that's what we're going to be pushing.
Trey Grooms: Okay, all right. That makes sense. And then just on the guidance. So low end of the full year top-line guide implies a pretty good rebound in your year-over-year top line growth in the 4Q versus what we saw in 3Q. And it's not the easiest comp in the world. So what's -- given the headwinds that you mentioned that constrained you in the 3Q what's the level of confidence in getting to that low end of the range?
John Kunz: Trey we feel pretty confident. I mean if you look at the guidance that we gave -- if we're guiding to the low end of the range, it's really suggesting the revenue right around that $400 million mark maybe a little higher to get to that low end of the range. And your EBITDA number is going to be $56 million-plus right in that range. When you talk about that in light of how we performed in Q3 and your quarter-over-quarter comparison, we feel relatively confident with where we are. As Bill mentioned, our volumes are ahead of where we were last year at this time. And if we see continued progress like we have in the first month or a little bit over a month now, we feel pretty confident that we can get there.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Last one for me is the ship being down if you could quantify the impact from that in the quarter on your shipments? And are those shipments delayed? Or were they picked up by somebody else? Or is it just kind of gone? And then also is that issue behind you at this point?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes the issue is behind us and it is a delay and it is deferred and it does -- it's not picked up by anyone else. And really where it impacted us was in the Southern California going to long -- it was a ship going to Long Beach. And so the delay on -- if you said there's 70,000-plus tons per ship and we missed about a ship and a half, I mean that's kind of the context of that. But it's not lost it's deferred because those projects are specified with Polaris Materials. So, we will be continuing to supply those projects. So, it was really just a flow of -- and we'll make that up.
John Kunz: And that's baked into the Q4 numbers as well. Our expectation is that that ship will -- we'll be able to make those shipments up in Q4.
Ronnie Pruitt: And Trey I would also add on your previous question what John said don't underestimate the initiatives that we have. I mean I think we're seeing good improvement in our margin profile. And I think the changes and the focus we have on optimization of our delivery costs and all the other things that we're focused on will continue to show positive results into the fourth quarter. So, I know it is a tough comp, but just to understand that we're focused on those margin improvements and that's not going to stop.
Trey Grooms: Yes. And I did want to say good job on the EBITDA margin. That was a good show in there. And I know that's something you guys have been striving for and working hard at. So, hats off to you on the margin.
Bill Sandbrook: Thank you.
Trey Grooms: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And your next question from the line of Larry Solow with CJ Securities.
Larry Solow: Great. Thanks. Good morning guys.
Bill Sandbrook: Good morning Larry.
Larry Solow: Can you maybe just discuss a little bit more on the pricing? I fully get a little bit of a mix shift obviously to Dallas area which is growing faster. But can you maybe just give us a little more color on the individual markets? And then the trends in Dallas perhaps maybe I think the price increase late in this year will help next year?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes Larry, this is Ronnie. So, I can give you some broad trends on what we're seeing in the markets by a regional profile. I would tell you on the West side even though we're seeing -- what we've talked about on the housing slow, the pricing is extremely strong. And we're seeing mid to high single-digit price increases year-over-year in the West. In the Northeast, the Atlantic market we're seeing the same kind of trends with mid low single-digit price increases year-over-year. And yes, in DFW, we've talked about the competitive nature here and the things we've seen in this market. So, I would say in what we define as Central which is DFW West Texas Oklahoma and USVI if you pull DFW up so DFW is flat to a little down the rest of the markets in Texas are good. And so we've seen the same mid-level single-digit increases year-over-year. So, it's really DFW. And I think the impact of DFW if you really go back to the second quarter and when all the weather that we talked about in the second quarter when material price increases and ready-mixed price increases are normally happening in that second quarter, there were so many headwinds there with weather that coming out of that we just saw the flatness. And I do believe you'll see the continued improvement in our pricing in the DFW market going into this year into next year and that's our focus.
Larry Solow: Okay. And on the volume, I know you called out a couple of things which have been reoccurring certainly on the labor constraints. Obviously 2% a little disappointing coming off of a pretty wet Q3 of last year. But the biggest driver it's just sort of that -- the lower numbers were less than I think even you guys expect a little bit. Was it -- is it Northern California? I'm just trying to bucket that in areas that could maybe improve. Is it -- or is it just a good mixture of residential in California the labor issues in Dallas and did it -- you know or is it just a mixture?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes. I mean I think we called out mix. And I would tell you that most of that is driven by the Northern California footprint that we have. And if you look at -- I mean it's -- expectation-wise I know what people felt like we should have recovered in the third quarter in the DFW market. But overall that was our second largest quarter volume-wise for our DFW ready-mixed assets. So it wasn't overly bad but labor is. There is more work out there if we have more labor. And I think everyone is consistent in saying that that labor is the biggest force. But the market is extremely strong on the public work side, on the commercial side, on the residential side, new homes being built, new buildings being built. Everything is really strong in the DFW area, so it's just going to be a continued focus on labor inefficiencies.
Larry Solow: I got it. And yes just to clarify, well definitely it wasn't bad. It's just maybe some that could be a little better but that's fine. And just lastly any update on just switching gears to Polaris. Any update on recent or pending contracts whether it be Asia or what have you and then plans for the Black Bear quarry in 2020?
Ronnie Pruitt: So as far as Black Bear goes we're progressing with everything that we've talked about in the past with permitting, engineering, plant design. We have several different projects going on there with the anticipation of that being full steam ahead in the following next year's calendar year. So I think we're right on plan and right on schedule for what we think is going to be happening at Black Bear. As far as, Polaris, we still have the opportunities. We're not baking in anything for Asia. The projects -- these were project-specific opportunities, the projects that we believe -- the product would be used on in the Asian markets are some very large infrastructure projects. Those projects have still not started but we're not baking that into anything. If that opportunity comes we're in a very good position to take advantage of that. And if it doesn't we're continuing to pursue other markets that we believe Polaris has the ability to serve as well.
Larry Solow: Got it. Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Roger with Exane BNP Paribas.
Robert Whitworth: Hi, its -- hi, John, thank you very much for taking my question. This is actually Robert Whitworth on for Paul. I've got a couple of questions. I wanted to start with some metrics. How concerned are you about leading indicators like the Dodge index, the ABI index, which suggest non-resi markets could actually fall next year?
Bill Sandbrook: Yes. This is Bill, Robert. We participate in all end markets: infrastructure which is anticipated to be fairly healthy, especially with state self-help projects; residential in most of our markets as we described earlier on the call, we are bullish going forward on Northern California. Actually the New York housing numbers in September, for total building permits that is for units to be constructed was up 68.3% over September 2018. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce Commercial Construction Index has 83% of contractors reporting stable or increased project backlog, backlog meaning projects still to be built. And that's up 5% from quarter two. I'm not that concerned about the leading indicators. And in fact I'm bullish with low unemployment rates, continued low interest rates, healthy backlogs in our customer base. I'm more concerned with what we've talked about on this call on the labor being able to be available in order to accomplish all that both on our side of the supply chain and on our customers' side. Every economic forecast that we look at from PCA Portland Cement Association; the McKenzie report, all looks toward a stable to slightly growing construction environment in 2020. So I'm more concerned about making sure we have the human capital resources to accomplish the opportunities that we face. And the offset of that in a constrained labor environment it's going to be very bullish for pricing as Ronnie has already said previously in the call.
Robert Whitworth: Very clear. Thank you. And just my other follow-up question. You briefly touched on it earlier on, but in terms of concrete margins, they usually fall sequentially between Q3 and Q4? Do you expect this to happen sort of this year? Or could you hold sort of the Q3 levels that you've seen?
John Kunz: Well good. Yes. So Robert, if you look quarter-over-quarter versus Q4 of last year, Q4 last year was a challenging quarter for us, so we're certainly expecting to see margin improvement versus Q4 of last year. When you look at Q3 we expect -- we don't expect to achieve the type of margins that we had in Q3, so we would expect an overall decline in that area. When you look at the guidance that we gave if, we're at the low-end of the range for our guidance that would suggest right around a 13% full year margin. So if you back into the numbers that would suggest right around a 14% margin for EBITDA for the fourth quarter. So that's just the math of our guidance.
Robert Whitworth: It's pretty much what we had. Thanks for confirming. Thank you very much.
John Kunz: Sure.
Bill Sandbrook: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys.
Bill Sandbrook: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: So the - to get to $400 million of revenue for Q4 I think that implies a pretty small sequential I guess decrease from Q3 to Q4. I mean, do you think that the ready-mixed volumes, the agg volumes for Q4 can be close to Q3?
Ronnie Pruitt: Well I think as Bill talked about earlier as of October, we were right on line with where we think we need to be. So the remainder of the year is going to become -- I mean we base this on normal weather. So that's the best we can do right now as say what we believe normal weather is in our markets that we can get there. And if it's abnormal weather and we've seen both sides of it. We've seen dryer weather in some places. We've seen wetter weather in other places. So we believe right now based on normal weather that we can. The demand is there.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And did you see any impact from the fires in California?
Ronnie Pruitt: We haven't seen any structural impact. We have had some power outages at some of our facilities, but we have not had any structural damages at all.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then Bill, I mean you sound good on New York. It's just this issue of the union versus nonunion. Is that correct?
Bill Sandbrook: I'm fine on New York and I fully believe that we have our model sorted out. It's taken a while to source drivers into the B wage rate, the lower level of our labor agreement. And that is just about completely sorted out now. The trick is delivering nonunion or B-level work with B drivers. So there's some structural differences in pricing of those jobs. And we have to ensure that we have the structurally lower-priced labor available to deliver those B projects.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And just lastly the Dallas pricing. I think there was a price increase in October. Did we talk about that at all?
Ronnie Pruitt: We did talk about an announced price increase in October, yes.
Adam Thalhimer: And so do we have a sense of how that flowed through at this point?
Ronnie Pruitt: I think as we've explained in the past with announced price increases in ready-mixed concrete, we get a chance to negotiate those jobs one by one. We get a chance every day literally when we quote work to move that price. We have very good confidence that pricing is going to continue to improve and that labor is going to drive a lot of that. Where in the past it's been more tied to raw materials and when cement went up or when aggregates went up. Now it's going to be more tied to labor, which I think is a very good force to move pricing in this market.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. That's it for me. Thanks guys.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you.
Bill Sandbrook: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company.
Julio Romero: Hey good morning everyone.
Bill Sandbrook: Hey, Julio.
Ronnie Pruitt: Hey, Julio.
Julio Romero: You have mentioned your focus on Texas is really about those driver retention initiatives. I wanted to ask how that works alongside the operational initiatives you're doing at the same time to optimize some driver efficiency. Just thinking about those two areas of focus from my point of view it looks like they might conflict going forward. So can you just talk about how you're planning to maybe balance both retention efforts and at the same time optimize efficiency?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes. So when we talk about retention efforts I mean the -- and we have a lot of studies. We've done a lot of work with both -- some of our national associations as well as some other independent groups. And the majority of people leaving jobs is not due to pay. So everyone just automatically says, well you must have to pay them more. It's not it. It's scheduling. It's inconsistent in communications. There's – pay is like number five on the list. And so we're investing in technology to say, we're going to give our drivers more visibility into controlling their workday and their – and the times they want to spend time with their families. I mean, it's – there's a lot of things going into this that it will not – I believe it will be the opposite. But I believe it will make our drivers more efficient, which is our efficiency goals and driving down better productivity and better delivery times. With these things we're investing in to make our drivers have more control over their daily schedule and more buy-in into what's happening and more accountability into their performance. So it's not just, we're just going to pay more money and we think that solves the problem. That's not it.
Julio Romero: Understood. And maybe, if you can give us a sense of maybe within this quarter, what was the primary factor that maybe pressured some of your driver retention? Was it other ready mixed companies or other industries as you mentioned that also may need drivers as well? But looking at least for the 3Q given the better – the better weather backdrop which one was maybe the biggest factor in the quarter?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yeah. I mean, if you look at it quarter-over-quarter on a year-over-year basis Dallas was still up. So it's our ability to maintain and put drivers in the seats is really our ability to meet anticipated growth moving forward. I mean, it's not like we're looking up and saying, wow, we lost 15% or 10%. I mean, we were up year-over-year, so it's more of our ability to predict and anticipate and put more drivers in the areas and when you look at Dallas talk about the DFW Metroplex because it's not as easy as saying, well it's just Dallas. It's 20-plus plants scattered over a 150-mile radius that we consider DFW Metroplex. So it's a big area where we're trying to attract in the Northern suburbs, the Northwest Fort Worth at Southeast in the Midlothian area out to Forney. I mean, all these areas have so much growth going on, but it's really our ability to reach outside of Dallas and find drivers in a lot of these remote areas. And so that's our focus. But I just don't want to lose the fact that Dallas was up, and we're continuing to see great opportunities which as Bill said and as I want to reinforce gives us extreme confidence in our pricing in this market.
Julio Romero: Helpful. If I could just squeeze one last one here is do you still feel on track to drive those 150 basis points of margin expansion underlying over the next 12 to 18 months?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes. I think we're very much online and we have those programs in place and we're tracking everything. And at the end of the day as someone has mentioned, I mean, it's our confidence in the market too. So, when we have the confidence we have in the market, we can put these programs in place to drive more efficiencies based on the underlying demand of our products that we believe is very strong.
Julio Romero: Great. Thanks very much and best of luck in Q4.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question from the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking question. I apologize, if you guys mentioned this. Did you all say anything about backlog at the end of the quarter and I missed it?
John Kunz: No. Stanley, we didn't. And one of the things I mentioned I think I mentioned with you and after your conference as well our backlog is non-contractual. So I mean, it's not really a good indicator. I mean, we provide revenue guidance, but with that said our backlog is consistent with where it was last year. We were right around the eight million-yard mark. Last year in Q3, our backlog was the same. But going forward, we don't anticipate continuing to provide that just because we do provide revenue guidance and it's non-contractual.
Stanley Elliott: That's fair. And you all talked about some of the improvements that your customers are seeing and that you're seeing from some of the analytics that you're putting out in the marketplace. I guess, one is it going to require additional capital spend into next year for that? And then two is there any sort of way to quantify some of the savings that you all are seeing or maybe they're seeing and making you more of a preferred vendor?
Ronnie Pruitt: It is going to require additional capital spend. So we're in the middle of both the rollout and the development and we'll continue to develop. On WheresMyConcrete and our CRM, the benefits that provides us is that we're in control and we know what drives our business. So we know what technology we need to develop to focus on the areas that are really impactful around the lack of analytics or the lack of decision-making. So everything we do in that system is going to make us a better company not only for ourselves operationally, but for our customers to do business with. So we've rolled out not only the dispatching system in New York and Washington D.C., New Jersey. Now we're starting in Texas, we're also rolling out the customer apps. It gives our customers more visibility into their orders, into their timing of trucks, into their billing, electronic billing, paperless. I mean, all these things we're doing as an industry, which may sound very slow to the normal person that says, we've been doing this in our real lives for 10 years and the ready-mixed industry is just catching up, which is true. But just think about the efficiencies we believe we can gain -- just the efficiencies you've gained in your life off of your technology. And that's what we're pushing is to catch up to where real life is and we've got some -- a lot of steps to take. So we're going to continue to invest in -- and it's both development cost and headcount and people, and then as we roll out training and more development of our own internal users of it.
John Kunz: Yeah. So Stan, let me clarify too just for the accounting side of it. When you talk about capital investment, it's both going to be capital from a CapEx perspective, and then an investment from an operating expenses perspective. So we will be incurring additional costs from an operating expense perspective for this as we head into 2020.
Stanley Elliott: Okay. And then lastly, is there a way to kind of quantify the savings you all are going to see on a kind of run rate go-forward basis by kind of differentiating the A labor rates from the B labor rates in New York, or maybe how much you could save? And then, I guess, lastly the confidence around having all of that kind of matched up here on a go-forward basis.
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes. So when you talk about the difference in A versus B and our ability to serve the B market with the right amount of drivers in the seats and the right footprint that we have that difference is on the labor cost side of it. It's about a 10% to 15% savings on just labor cost alone and then our ability to right source that. And so where we're located at being able to -- that didn't affect the delivery cost of it with the other efficiencies we gain. So that's kind of the magnitude of where we could pick up on the delivery piece of that.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect guys. Thank you very much. Excellent.
John Kunz: Thanks Stanley.
Operator: And your next question from the line of Bill Newby with D.A. Davidson.
Bill Newby : Good morning guys. Bill on for Brent today. Thanks for taking my question.
John Kunz: Hi, Bill.
Bill Newby : Bill you mentioned the strong permit you did in New York. I guess, do you see any potential for a more significant volume shift, I guess back into the Manhattan area from the boroughs over the next year just given what you see in front of you?
Bill Sandbrook : Well, I would say perhaps marginal, because we are in a little bit of a lull on high-rise construction in Manhattan. But we're looking at equivalent margins on A and B work. So, I wouldn't look at the mix of A of a high-rise versus mid-rise, low-rise construction in Manhattan versus the other four boroughs as a real determinant of our profitability or overall EBITDA opportunities in New York. I think what's much more important is our ability to deliver B rate work with B rate drivers to drive that margin effectively. So I'd say some marginally -- some margin -- marginally improved high-rise construction, but that's not the driver of it. I am bullish on overall New York opportunities.
Bill Newby: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess on the aggregate side, it seems kind of industry commentary for next year seems to be for price to be kind of in that mid single-digit range. I understand you guys don't want to get too far ahead in guide for next year, but is that kind of consistent with what you're seeing and a reasonable starting point as we think about 2020?
Ronnie Pruitt: Yes. That's consistent.
Bill Newby: All right. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Ronnie Pruitt: Thank you.
Bill Sandbrook : Thank you.
Operator: And I will turn it back over to Bill Sandbrook, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for closing remarks.
Bill Sandbrook: Okay. Thank you Roshae, and thank you everyone for participating in the call this morning and for your continued support of U.S. Concrete. This concludes our call and we look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year earnings with you in February. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials, Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning. And thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A question-and-answer session will follow their prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to call your attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website vulcanmaterials.com. You can access this presentation from the Investor Relations homepage of the website. Additionally, a recording of this call will be available for replay at our website later today. Please be reminded, the comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the Company's earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Finally, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining our call today. We truly appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials. Our second quarter results reflected our continued strong performance, a 15% improvement in adjusted EBITDA, and 11% improvement in Aggregates' gross profit per ton. We are relentlessly focused on unit margins. It is one of our most important metrics and it increased in the second quarter by $0.58 to $5.74 per ton. On a trailing 12-month basis, our Aggregates' gross profit per ton has increased at a 12% compounded annual growth rate from the second quarter of 2013. We remain on track to achieve our full year EBITDA expectations. Our overall results for the first half of the year, and the trajectory of the principal drivers of profitability in our Aggregates business, volume, price and cost were in line with our expectations. I'll spend a few minutes giving you some highlights of our performance in these areas. Aggregates' shipments in the quarter increased by 4% year-over-year or 3% on a same-store basis. This growth in volume reflects the solid underlying fundamentals in our markets. Shipments in our Southeast and Mid-Atlantic markets were particularly strong. California experienced another wet quarter. But despite this, shipments increased compared to the same period last year. Wet weather also affected shipments in Illinois, Tennessee, and Texas. The second driver of our profitability is price and we performed well here also. Freight-adjusted average sales price improved by 5.9%, compared to the same quarter last year. On a mix-adjusted basis, the increase was 5.4%. The 50 basis point difference was due to favorable geographic mix. These increases were in line with our expectation and the pricing gains were widespread. Every key market across our footprint posted improved pricing. Our third key profitability driver center zone, our cost disciplines and our operational efficiencies. Our management teams and our leaders across the company are keenly focused on this. And we're making good progress. We measure our operational efficiencies in a number of ways, but one key financial metric for Aggregates is same-store gross profit flow-through. On a trailing 12-month basis, it was 65% at the end of June. Our operational execution at the plant level keeps improving, and it's rewarding to see that the hard work of our men and women at Vulcan is translating into strong incremental earnings. We will continue to focus on these disciplines, because they are a significant contributor to the quality of our earnings and our ability to compound our unit margins. As we look to the second half of the year, the overall view of our markets is duly unchanged. Shipments in the private construction end markets are good. On the public side, demand is healthy and continues to strengthen with the increases in state and local highway funding being converted into backlogs and shipments. We believe that we are in the early stages of a longer-term growth in highway demand, which is a function of increased state and local investment in infrastructure. Since our last call, another Vulcan state, Illinois has passed legislation to increase revenues for roads. Since 2013, 11 states that make-up 85% of our revenue have increased fuel taxes or increased other ongoing sources of revenue for highways. This supports our positive highway demand outlook and the improved visibility underpins improving pricing. In summary, our backlogs are good, and our geographic footprint and capabilities put us in a strong position to take advantage of market opportunities. Now I'll turn the call over to Suzanne for some additional comments on the results. Suzanne?
Suzanne Wood: Thanks and good morning to everyone. As Tom mentioned, our trailing 12-month same-store incremental aggregates flow-through rate of 65% was quite good, while price is certainly an important driver of this metric, I also want to touch on the impact of our operating cost performance. Operating disciplines, accountability and cost management significantly benefited our results again this quarter. Our same-store unit cost of sales increased by less than 2% as compared to the prior year's quarter. The largest single component of this increase related to greater stripping activity, which is a function of anticipated future shipments. This accounted for about 40% of the higher costs. And for information, the effect of diesel fuel cost was minor in the quarter. Our second quarter SAG cost increased mainly due to compensation-related expense, including incentives that are tied to earnings expectations and the share price. Our incentive plans are designed to reward our people for good execution, and improved earnings, both of which we have experienced. We also made investments in people and processes to accelerate the benefits derived from our sales and operational initiatives. Our trailing 12-month SAG expense, as a percentage of revenues, declined this year and we will continue to focus on further leveraging our SAG costs. I'll briefly touch on our non-aggregates segments. Asphalt gross profit was $28 million, an increase of $2 million, as compared to the prior year. Shipments increased by 8% or 5% on a same-store basis, due to large projects in the Arizona market. While the year-over-year shipment growth was good, it was less than we expected due to the adverse effects of weather on California and Texas volumes. Asphalt pricing in the quarter rose by 8%. This was partially offset by liquid asphalt unit costs, which were 16% higher this quarter compared to second quarter last year. Our concrete gross profit was in line with Q2 last year, with higher prices offsetting reduced volumes. Turning now to the balance sheet, little has changed from first quarter, except that our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio declined to 2.4 times within our target range. The average maturity of our debt is 15 years, and our weighted average interest rate is 4.5%. Our leverage position and debt structure provide us with significant flexibility, as we continue to grow our business. On page 8 of the supplemental slides, you'll find information on our discretionary cash flow expectation for the full year, using the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance as the starting point. As a reminder, we define discretionary cash flow as EBITDA less working capital change, interest, taxes and operating and maintenance capital. On this basis, our discretionary cash flow for 2019 is projected to be $815 million. While there were no share repurchases and no M&A during the quarter, these remain important parts of our capital allocation priorities. For the full year, we reiterate our expectation of spending approximately $250 million on operating and maintenance CapEx and approximately $200 million on internal growth projects. And now, before I turn it back over to Tom, I'll take this opportunity to reaffirm our 2019 adjusted EBITDA guidance of between $1.25 billion and $1.33 billion. We try to be thoughtful when we gave our initial 2019 annual guidance in February. And we have performed consistent with those expectations through the first half of the year. We believe we are well positioned to continue this execution in the second half of the year. We are mindful, however, of the storm related challenges that can characterize the third quarter and, therefore, we remain comfortable with our initial guidance range, and with finishing the year in the middle of that range. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Suzanne. I'm very proud of how our people have performed so far this year. And I want to take this opportunity to thank the men and women at Vulcan, especially our operations and sales teams, for taking care of our customers, holding each other to a high standard of operational excellence and delivering on our financial results as promised. Our financial performance is important. But safety is always our number one priority. Our safety culture is strong and our safety metrics are industry-leading. It is critically important and remains our number one priority to send our employees home safely every day. As we move forward, we will continue to capitalize on our outstanding geographic footprint, execute at the local level, take advantage of market opportunities and continue growing our Aggregates' unit margin. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Stanley Elliott of Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Stanley.
Stanley Elliott: Hey, good morning. How are you all doing?
Tom Hill: Good.
Suzanne Wood: Good, thanks.
Stanley Elliott: Congratulations on the quarter. Could you guys talk high level kind of what you're seeing regionally -- certainly nice quarter here particularly with the weather issues?
Tom Hill: Stan, just from a high level, if you look at how each geographic area is performing, I'll start in the East. Mid-Atlantic states described the private demand slow and steady, public highway demand is very good. Importantly, we're seeing robust pricing in margin growth in the Mid-Atlantic states in 2019. Moving to the Southeast United States, the Southeast states are really strong in the vast majority of those markets. I think the private side, we see growth a little bit of a watch in a couple of areas, Nashville, Miami. Nashville is -- the private sides are growing, but it's just long in the tooth. Miami, we're seeing a little bit of shrinkage on the private side. The rest of the Southeast states very good private, healthy demand from highways. So good volume. We're seeing really good margin expansion in this area, driven by good pricing and also responsible operations, cost management. And remember this is -- we are by far the largest in the Southeastern United States, largest producer. An encouraging area, Illinois. This is a market it's actually -- we're starting to see it turn. We're now seeing pickup in private demand driven by airport and tollway work. We just saw Illinois pass the highway bill, which we're thrilled with. So, more demand coming on the public side. Non-res is growing. Res is now improving, prices are improving. This is really good news for Illinois, which has struggled for the last five or six years. It is also good news because this is a really well-run business, and with these volumes coming on, we're able to leverage that performance. Moving over to Texas, DFW/North Texas, very healthy public growth, slower on the private side, price and concerns on res and non-res, little bit slower pricing in North Texas. South Texas, we see public demand is actually really hot. The private side, I'd say a mixed bag, res okay. Non-res a little bit slower, but okay. Prices very healthy. Coastal Texas, this is a very strong market both on public and private, very good pricing and margin expansion in Coastal Texas. And we've not seen anything really substantial out of the energy sector. It will be exciting for 2021, 2022. Moving over to California. This is -- despite weather, exciting market for us. Solid public growth, particularly in Central and -- excuse me -- solid private growth, particularly in Central and Southern California. The Bay has gotten pricey on the private side. So maybe a watch for us there, but our focus there has been highways. Public side is growing and growing fast and accelerating. We've got big backlogs growing, highway lettings. Pricing in California has been very good, is very good. We see high single-digit this year. And we've seen very good cost control in spite of bad weather in California. So substantial margin growth, everybody is concerned about California. I -- particularly, I'm not. In fact, I'm really thrilled with our performance in spite of wet weather.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. And I'd just add one thing to that. I think in first quarter, you will remember us saying in terms of pricing that the pricing gains were very widespread across the country with all the markets. Our key markets up in pricing year-over-year save one, which was Illinois at the time and it was winter. So that wasn't of a particular concern to us. In the second quarter, Illinois has joined the rest of our key markets and each of those key markets had pricing that exceeded second quarter last year. So we thought that was a very positive sign as well.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. And then last from me, on the cost environment. Are you seeing anything in the second half of the year, be it labor, whatever it would be that would be pause for concern in terms of what's going to happen on the pricing environment? And then kind of as a corollary to that, you've done a nice job of putting a lot of growth CapEx and cost reduction at the quarry level and at the distribution level. Help us with that in terms of how we think about managing that cost structure going forward?
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think you saw a very good performance in cost in the second quarter. Our total cost of sales was up 2% in spite of wet weather through a number of our states, which really eats up operating efficiencies. So we overcame that. The biggest driver of the increase is, you heard Suzanne say the second quarter was stripping in anticipation of sales volume growth. So I'll take that problem all the time. We saw good improvements on operating efficiencies and the things that drive our cost. Our folks are very focused on this, more to come. I can't tell you how focus our operators are on improving their operating efficiencies that really drive the cost. But based on our performance in Q2, they are winning. This is so important as you know, because it's a big driver of those unit margins and being able to take that incremental revenue to the bottom line. So as I would describe the rest of the year, more to come and I would expect us to keep improving our operating efficiencies. 
Stanley Elliott: Perfect, thank you very much. Congratulations and best of luck. 
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open. 
Tom Hill: Good morning, Jerry.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Hi, Tom, Suzanne, Mark, how are you?
Tom Hill: Good.
Jerry Revich: Good. Can you talk about the pricing cadence on the spot market heading into the back half of the year? Now that we have six months in the book, so I'm wondering if the high end of your initial pricing guidance is still achievable? Or if there are mixed factors we should keep in mind as well?
Tom Hill: You know we talk a lot about price. I think that remember that most of the fixed -- fixed plant was priced in January and February. We did see some successes in mid-year price increases to fixed plants in a number of markets Virginia, Alabama, it goes to some of the Gulf Coast, Arizona. The other 60% of our work is bid work and we bidding in as we speak. We always tell you that's a -- that's not a spot market price increase, that's a campaign over time. And we feel good about what we see in our backlogs and our booking pace, we think those prices will move up through the balance of the year as we bid. And all of that's driven by confidence and visibility into a growing market particularly, the very visible and very fast growing public market and highways. So I think as you look at, as we step back and Suzanne look at our booking pace. And how our back pricing as that is going, and the pricing in our backlogs, we are very comfortable that the balances of the year price increases will be in line with guidance.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of -- is it, is there any potential to get to the high end of the guidance? So to get to the high end, you'd have to put up pricing north of 8%. It sounds like we're probably gravitating toward the midpoint of the guidance which implies pricing closer to, call it 6.5% in the back half compared to that…
Tom Hill: I'd say you -- I would say more toward the middle of the range of guidance. I think that's a realistic and very achievable goal.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then to shift gears for asphalt, in the past you folks have gotten that business to be in the mid-to-high teens from a gross margin standpoint. And I'm wondering, is there anything structurally different in this cycle compared to the past, because when we're looking at 8% gross margins in a business that has about 8% SG&A to sales. That's not a fantastic profit contribution even with a great flow through that you're getting in aggregates. So I'm wondering, is there something structurally different in asphalt mix this cycle versus the past? Or when can we get back to those teens type gross margins?
Tom Hill: Well, I think the simple answer is no, there's nothing structural change in Asphalt. This is a function liquid pricing and cost. And I think you're seeing a turn there. Overall, we are seeing profitability in the Asphalt product line improving both in volume and unit profitability. You saw that in Q2 with volumes up 8%. And that was both volumes were up in spite of wet weather in Tennessee, Texas and California, where -- some of our biggest asphalt states. Liquid costs were up $11 million. However, gross profit per ton was flat. This stopped a six quarter run of shrinking unit margin in asphalt, due to liquids prices spiking. That levelled off as you remember -- fourth quarter to first quarter, and it's been pretty much flat through the first half. Looking ahead, I would expect unit margins to be on the rise as asphalt prices are rising and liquid prices has stabilized. If you step back and look at the full year, I would maybe expect us to end up a little on the lower end of guidance in asphalt. And that's really a function of wet weather in the first half of the year. We just had so much rain in Tennessee, Texas and California that we don't know that we'll have enough shipping days to get the volume, we expected before the end of the year. Now that being said, our backlogs are very good. Our lettings are growing and the unit margins are growing. So between rising unit margins, big backlogs, a dramatic increase in how we're funding and lettings in Vulcan states, this product line has a very bright future.
Suzanne Wood: And I would add to that with respect to the guidance for the remainder of the year, Tom's right, you know we're just being a bit cautious in evaluating the number of shipping days we have left and the ability of our contractors to perform all of that work in a very compressed timeframe. If you go back to the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year for the non-aggregates segment, which is asphalt, as well as Concrete and Calcium, we said that we expected that to grow year-over-year the gross profit by 15% to 20%. We now think that that gross profit year-over-year growth will probably be toward the lower end of that, at about 15%. Again, being a little bit cautious on that. And I think that in terms of consensus, most of the consensus is at about 15% anyway.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate the discussion. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Scott Schrier of Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Scott.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Scott Schrier: Hi, Good morning everyone. So last 12 months, you had 65% incremental margins. They are over your company norms and your target levels. It looks like you have good cost control, you have volumes to support the fixed cost absorption, pricing in the mid-single digit range, you've got you're stripping out of the way this quarter. Is it possible to maintain a 65% run rate given the compounding profitability characteristics of Aggregates? I'm not asking you to commit to it of course, taking into account all your comments on guidance, but I'm curious what would be needed? And is it possible to sustain an elevated level of profitability?
Tom Hill: I think, we -- first of all, let me if I misspoke on stripping, I didn't mean to -- the stripping is not out of the way. That will continue through the year because of demand and what we see coming with particularly with the highway demand. So stripping costs will stay up for a while, and I would expect them to stay up, I know they stay up between for at least the next six months. Again, that's a good thing because it's anticipating big volume growth driven by public demand. I think, we hate sound like a broken record, but we're going to take you always back to 60, not the good things can't lineup in a row for a while to get you above 60. But we point out well you have a lot of tailwinds. This is -- this sport is played outside, there is a lot of things that can happen and to offset just the tailwinds. You're not going to have them, you're going to get -- you're going to get some things that are going to challenge you along with the good stuff. So just from experience, can you have a period at above 60? Yes. Can you have a period of below 60? Yes. But I think, we'd always bring you back to 60.
Scott Schrier: Got it. Understood. And then I wanted to ask another one on the cost side of things and your cost containment. And I'm curious, if you could speak to some of the efficiencies of profitability you're seeing in some of the long-haul markets, either through your vessels and container road or the rail networks and also a little more on that, we've been hearing about some moderation in transportation costs. And I'm wondering if there's some puts and takes there. One of the things that we've heard or you have spoken about in the past is higher transportation cost generally enhance the economic moat of the Aggregates business, but is there the potential that moderating costs could actually potentially open up some more competition in pressure pricing? Thank you.
Tom Hill: I think first of all, the cost I'm referring to is our actual operating costs, not transportation. It's actually the cost to produce and sell rock taking the logistics -- taking most logistics out of that. So I'm really referring to our total cost of sales to produce stone, ex-transportation. Going to your transportation question, we are seeing rising costs for long-haul transportation, particularly by rail. As you know, this is a spike, but it's real this year. The Mississippi River and the river transportation costs have been delayed and higher due to flooding. So, I would tell you that particularly long-haul transportation, we continue to see it escalate not go down, no level it is actually going up at a pretty good path.
Scott Schrier: Got it. Great, thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thanks -- thank you for taking my questions today. On press release, more on the policy related with Illinois and also following up on SB-1 and Prop 7. But with Illinois, could you give -- just given the increased funding, give more color in terms of what end markets you primarily serve in Illinois today? And what has it looked back historically, when there was actual funding for infrastructure? And shifting for SB-1 and Prop 7, are you seeing the full impact of those two initiatives? Or do you believe that funding and lettings will continue to grow? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Illinois, we really service the full market and it's -- we're not focused on the private, particularly the private or the public, and we service non-res, res, public and highways. It's nice to see Illinois turn the -- that how we work -- that how the funding will take a while to flow through as it does in every state. However, particularly in Illinois, we think we'll get bridged because there is substantial tollway and airport funding, which is very close to one of our largest quarries up there. But Illinois doubled their gas tax from $0.19 to $0.38, it is firewalled. It will take -- that will actually double the capital expenditures in Illinois for highways over ship -- now over a six-year time frame. And as I said, we're starting to see res and non-res turn. I think we're slowing the res, this is a very well managed business for us. So as I said earlier, this is exciting, because we are improving unit margins regardless of -- we've been improving unit margins in Illinois despite challenges for volume. This volume growth will really put some, put the turbos to that and so we'll enjoy that. As far as highways, excuse me, highway spending is concerned, across the country. We're excited about it and I'll run through eight or nine of those if you allow me. Florida highway lettings in 2020 will be up 25%. Georgia highway lettings will double in fiscal year 2020. We expect highway lettings in Texas to be up 25%. VDOT and regional authorities should be up 20%, South Carolina up 10%, Tennessee revenues have doubled -- excuse me, have gone up 40% since the Improve Act passed. California is very exciting. We've seen since SB1 through fiscal year, 2017-2018, we have seen lettings double. They will be up another $1 billion in fiscal year 2020, which just started. So to your point, highway lettings are very good and dramatically improving over the next 12 months.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, very helpful. And then shifting to the residential end market. Where are you seeing areas of strength, weakness and what's the cadence of growth you're seeing on your -- for your major markets? Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you. Starting in the west, res in California is good a watch for us would be San Francisco, which has it's gotten pricey. Moving to Arizona, res is quite strong, non-res and res due to the private side in Texas, probably a watch in DFW, where Houston is strong. The Southeast, the private market is quite good across the vast majority of our markets. In the Southeast, the watch for us would be residential and Nashville, which is -- our shipments are growing in residential, we're really watching it because it has been there a long time and it's been very high, long time. Miami a little bit different story, probably some contraction in the private side in Miami. In the Mid-Atlantic, I would describe the private side as steady slow growth.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. Kathryn, and I would just add to that again, looking at our geography, our footprint in the markets we serve, I mean the fundamentals continue to be in place you've heard us mention those a number of times. Good population growth, good employment growth with respect to res, still relatively speaking, a low level of houses. I mean, we are certainly not back anywhere close to peak starts and then with the interest rate environment and the fed signaling that it is -- while things can always change, I mean it's relatively unlikely that we're going to have a rate rise in the next little bit. I mean those are fundamentals we watch all the time that are generally moving in a positive direction.
Kathryn Thompson: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Rohit Seth of SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Suzanne Wood: Hey, Rohit.
Rohit Seth: Hey, how you doing?
Tom Hill: Good.
Rohit Seth: My question on the energy projects. You touched on that a little bit in the prepared remarks, but can you just talk a little bit about the opportunity set and what you are seeing there?
Tom Hill: Yeah. We are following about a dozen projects that are multi-year, multi-million ton projects that are at different stages in the pipeline. And all are in different stages. Most, the vast majority of this work will ship between 2020 and 2023. So we're not there yet. There is a little bit shipping around the fringes, a few of those. So, we're trying to help those folks, get numbers and get those projects ready and get them started. Remember that, with our Bluewater capacity, it gives us an edge here with these projects. They will be exciting. We are working on them. But they would -- I would expect them to start impacting us until sometime mid-year 2020.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then I just wanted to talk about your backlog. You guys just put a slide together in your deck, showed the highway backlog. Would you characterize that as moving up, down or kind of stable?
Tom Hill: I would describe highway work dramatically moving up, and that will continue to escalate over the next five to seven years.
Rohit Seth: Okay. Thank you. That's all I got.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Trey Grooms of Stephens. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: Hey. Good morning, everyone. First should be on, just I guess some housekeeping here on the mix benefit that you guys realized in the quarter on price. Was that more of a product related mix benefit or was there a geographic benefit there? And then any expected mix impacted in the third quarter?
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. The 50 basis points was geographic mix.
Trey Grooms: Okay.
Tom Hill: As far as the second half mix, I wouldn't expect, there always be some kind of mix with geography and a little bit of product, but I wouldn't expect it to be dramatic in the second half of the year.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. And then, you also -- you mentioned the stripping costs, and of course that can happen from one quarter to the next. And I think you said that it's going to be ongoing, and then also with freight costs, you said it's still going up for you guys on the longer haul stuff. But as we look at the increase in COGS that we saw in the quarter, I think it was the 2%, is that a similar kind of rate that we should be thinking about as we look in the back half when we're looking at these costs?
Tom Hill: I would tell you that the short answer to your question is yes. I think that our folks are doing a good job, as I said earlier, executing on those operating disciplines that drive cost and the efficiency with that. I think it's important this that you take that cost and take it to unit margins. We saw unit margins in the second quarter up 11% to $5.34. We've now put together three quarters in a row with double-digit unit margin improvement, and that is a combination of solid pricing, but very good operating execution. And it's not about spending money. It's really about the execution of the operating disciplines that drive costs. So, you heard me thank our folks, the men and women at Vulcan that drive those unit margins, I'd like to do that again, because they are now consistently turning in double-digit improvements in gross profit per ton. So, I would expect us to continue our operating disciplines and the cost to follow.
Trey Grooms: Yeah. I know that operating execution has really been a focus for you guys. Congrats on the good results there. Last one for me is just on you -- of course, the Illinois market you mentioned in Texas and Tennessee saw delays, but to Suzanne point earlier on. I think we were talking about ready-mix. But there is only so many hours in a day and so many days in a quarter and in a year. So, as we're kind of looking at these -- the delays that we saw in some of these markets for you guys, I know the underlying demand is there, that's pretty clear. But, how do we think about the opportunity to kind of execute or realize on some of this may be pent-up demand that might be there?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So, I think you're right. You're exactly right. There is only half the year left or less than half the year left now. We also have some bottlenecks for transportation. I think the underlying demand is there, that demand is not going away. So whatever we don't ship in 2019, we will ship in 2020 that you saw the perfect example to that is in January of this year when that work would be pin-up and shipped in January. So, it will really be a function to some degree of weather and timing on some large projects. I think -- if you don't mind, I'll stop and step back and kind of let you know how we look at the second half of the year. As you heard Suzanne say, we are very comfortable with our guidance. I think we tried to be thoughtful when we gave you guidance in February. We said the upper end would be good weather and jobs starting on time. The lower end would be increment weather and jobs delayed. As you look at us giving guidance -- staying in that guidance range for the balance of the year, what we want to do is be prudent about weather and timing on jobs. We had a really good start to the year with January extremely strong with that flow through of work from 2018 pushing back. The rest of the year shipments, the other five months has actually been at the high end of our guidance, next January. But now we need to remember that the third quarter is our most volatile quarter. It is the peak of the construction season, at the same time; it is also the heart of the storm season. We've all experienced one storm and luckily didn't flip us too bad. So, we're just trying to be realistic and transparent about storm threats in the middle of peak of construction season. If you move to pricing, our pricing has consistently through the year been in line with guidance. We expect that to continue for the rest of the year, and our look at that is solid I believe in our guidance. As we talk about our operating disciplines, we have executed well and created cost savings. All of that has driven double-digit unit margin growth for the first half of the year. We would expect that to continue for the balance of the year. So, I would think we'd be on the high side of Aggregates' volume guidance. Moving to Asphalt, Asphalt work was -- as we talked about was delayed in the first half because of rain in Tennessee, California, Texas, those are three of our biggest Asphalt states. So, in spite of very big backlogs and growing lettings and growing unit margins, some of that work may get pushed back just because of what we talked about the number of times. As Suzanne mentioned, a bit extra cost in incentives and investment in unit margin on SAG. So, I would expect the year to play out this way. A bit stronger on Aggregates' earnings, a bit lower on Asphalt earnings. You put all that together, I would tell you that Suzanne and I are confident in the year in the middle of our guidance range.
Trey Grooms: Thanks a lot.
Tom Hill: You bet.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Garik Shmois of Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. And thanks for all the detail on the guidance, Sue. You kind of answered a lot of my questions there. But I wanted to ask your backlogs are very strong, you've got a stronger outlook across your geographies and I know we're not talking formerly about 2020. But if you look out over the next 12 to 18 months, what would be the limiting factor outside of say weather to drive volume growth as you see here -- it just sounds like your visibility has gotten better. So, is there certain capacity constraints in the market that would limit your ability to continue to grow it, call it this low to mid-single-digit volume clip or anything else out there that it could be I guess inhibiting factor for you?
Tom Hill: I don't think I see inhibiting factors that would limit mid-single -- low to mid-single volume growth. I think that's achievable. I think when you get above that, it gets tougher because of things like transportation and labor for our customers, not for us but for our customers. You also are seeing maturity on a lot of highway dollars and mixed in that are bigger and bigger more complex jobs, the timing of which it can be all over the place. We've had a few jobs delayed even this year with some big highway work and still we're shipping well within our -- excuse me, the top end of our range of guidance. So, to answer your question, I don't see it for the numbers that you say. Now, if you want to get to high single-digit, yeah, you start to get compressed with labor and transportation and just our customers' capacity.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks. And I just wanted to ask just on G&A just given the bump due to the performance compensation in the quarter, how should we think about G&A costs through the balance of the year?
Suzanne Wood: Yeah, it's a good question. The -- we had initially guided back at the start of the year to around $355-ish million. We now expect that number to be somewhere between $360 million, $365 million. Obviously, we will continue to look for ways to leverage that. But year-over-year that will put us put our SG&A, expenses or our SAG expenses. I should say, as a percentage of revenues, basically in line with where they were last year, maybe just a tick below. And I -- it's important that we made some of the investments we did because again, we are on a very serious course here to improve our unit margins. We have a number of operational initiatives under way. And so, I think making investments there to help further those initiatives and hopefully deliver results a bit quicker are good investments to make. So yeah, hopefully that updated guide is helpful. I think the consensus on SAG expenses for the full year is about $360 million. So, pretty much in line with that.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thanks. I just wanted to ask just one more question. Just on pricing, are you seeing any markets, I know you don't, like before, we talked about mid-year price increases because you're continuously evaluating pricing, on a job-by-job basis. But are there any markets that are structurally, just given the demand strength coming in maybe toward the higher end of your guidance, that are tighter on supply and in turn fundamentally seeing more attractive supply demand environment in terms of potentially better pricing environment?
Thomas Hill: I think there is, few markets where certain sizes are tight. And there is pricing opportunity. But I think the big driver on pricing is the visibility on demand is coming. And the people's confidence that they have worked and they can take risk on to form pricing and profitability. And I think that's pretty broad spread and it's followed -- a lot of it's followed the increases in state and local funding, as we talked about in all the states that drive the vast majority of our revenues. So, while that's out there, I think the big driver is more fundamental and more ingrained, which is a good thing. Because it means it's more long-term.
Garik Shmois: Great, thanks for the help.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Phil Ng of Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Phil Ng: Hi.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Phil Ng: Good morning. Nice to see the acceleration in pricing this year in Aggregates, backlogs are quite strong, and pushing you some bottlenecks on the shipment side. Is this level of momentum on growth on pricing sustainable for the next few years?
Thomas Hill: Short answer is I think the answer is yes.
Phil Ng: Okay.
Thomas Hill: And the reason I have confidence in that is because of the long-term growth substantially growing funding. And on the public side and highways and how visible that is and how sure that is. And so you put those, that you picked that -- there is growing, that is very visible and that is shared and protected. Gives people confidence throughout the construction sector that they can take risk on price.
Phil Ng: Got it and just on that note, appreciating that most of the highway funding has been driven more at the state level, but with funding for the Highway Trust Fund expected to wind down next year. What are some of the milepost that you are looking at, from a timing perspective before you think, if nothing gets done. You could see some of these projects push out or stall a little bit?
Thomas Hill: Well, first of all, I don't see the demand stalling because of the -- how the Federal funding. If you take, let's step back and look at Federal funding, first and then we'll go into total highway demand. The House and the Senate are working on a highway bill. Our policymakers and key committees are working on the reauthorization package now.
Phil Ng: Yeah.
Thomas Hill: Recently, the Senate Environmental Public Works Committee is right now working on a bill, which would increase funding by 28%. We'll see what happens with that. And funding is a big part of the ongoing conversation. But that being said about the highway bill reauthorization, you got to remember two really important facts when it comes down to highway demand. Number one, Feds are not going to let highway funding go down even if the FAST Act expires. They'll just – they'll make extensions and keep the funding there regardless. Number two, our states are extremely well – our states and local governments are extremely well funded. So funding in Vulcan states is up 60%, that's an increase of over $20 billion per year in 11 states. Now remember, put that in perspective, that's $20 billion in 11 states versus a Federal bill, which is $45 billion over 50 states. And that funding is really starting to flow through those – we're starting to ship one, and you are seeing the lettings grow. So highway demand will grow, absolutely grow over the next five to seven years.
Phil Ng: Got it.
Suzanne Wood: And I would just also add to that – that historically, at times in the past, when it was time for a Federal bill to be renewed, states have operated in this Federal bill extension mode. So, they understand how to do that and are comfortable with doing that, and I think the other point I would make is that, if you divide the highway spending among Federal, state and local levels, it's about a third, a third, a third. So that's why we keep talking a lot about this state funding and local funding and the importance of it, because that represents about two-thirds of the spending.
Phil Ng: Got it. That's really helpful color guys. And just one last one for me, question for you, Suzanne. Based on the outlook for next few years from a growth standpoint -- definitely sounds strong, directionally, how should we think about CapEx and capital deployment priorities? There was obviously a few big deals in the market a few years ago, but just curious how you thinking about M&A, the pipeline and just directionally, the sizing of some of these potential target?
Suzanne Wood: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, if you looked at the M&A, we've typically done in the past. It's been more of the bolt-on variety as opposed to big M&A. I mean loyalty – deals come and go in the market. We take a look at the deals when they arise, because that's just good practice to do that. But we have been very disciplined with our approach to M&A, and we would continue to be so. We have pretty big hurdle rates that the deals have to get over. They have to be very strategic to us. They have to be accretive to our return on investment profile. They have to be something that significantly extends the value of the franchise, and they have to be something – they have to be deals that we can integrate quickly and efficient at least so we are able to derive the synergies from them. So we continue to look, but again, we are disciplined, we would wait for the right thing. And we're not going to – we're not going to be crazy about multiples that is – that is not helpful in any event. If we think about other uses of that capital from a growth perspective, I mean, remember we're going to be spending about $200 million this year on growth CapEx, our internal growth projects, we're really excited about those. It is a way to enhance and generate EBITDA without a lot of risk and without paying some blue sky goodwill that you might have to pay, if you were to do a bit of M&A. And just as a reminder, some of those growth projects that we are working on this year and which are embedded in that $200 million projected spend are some Greenfield quarries that are in geographic areas that are beneficial to us, California, Texas, South Carolina, and in addition to that and personally, I'm very excited about this part. We also have a number of sales yards strategically located in the U.S. that when they come online would extend our franchise and our ability to reach customers. So M&A is one pathway, but for me, low risk EBITDA enhancing, extend the value of the franchise I quite like some of these internal growth projects. And again, we put those through a pretty strenuous return on investment review and they are accretive as well.
Phil Ng: Got it. Thank you for the color.
Suzanne Wood: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Wood of Nomura. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Mike.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Michael Wood: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Hi. I wanted to ask your markets in cement are impacted at all by the merger of the two large state owned [Technical Difficulty] in China and does that had a positive or negative impact on pricing in concrete?
Tom Hill: I wouldn't see it affecting our markets in concrete positive or negative, I don't see a lot of impact for that. Now that being said, we…
Michael Wood: Okay. And…
Tom Hill: Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Michael Wood: And then I'm curious, since you improved that segment as well in 2Q versus 1Q, but you saw lower gross profit year-over-year. So just if you can also talk about your confidence in the back half and how you're seeing pricing the end market?
Tom Hill: Yeah. The -- actually our volumes is what we were -- gross profit was actually slightly down 2%, and that was really driven by volumes being down. Some of that was rain in Texas, some of that was timing of work in Virginia. Our prices were actually up 5% and unit margins were up 5%. So assuming we can get our projects going and get a little sunshine I think we will be fine for the rest of year in concrete.
Michael Wood: And on Aggregates, can you give us some [Technical Difficulty] the weather impact in the lost shipping days in the quarter?
Tom Hill: Yeah, I mean that's a dramatically -- that's a big mixed bag. We're in the quarter, I'll give you a few examples in big markets where we got hurt. Dallas had another 15 days of rain, San Antonio had an increase of 24 days of rain, Houston had an increase of six days, in California we saw, LA of five days, San Francisco of nine days. So I guess that kind of gives you a feel for what that was like, and Knoxville was up dramatically, but I don't remember exactly the number of days in Knoxville. So, and then if you look at Illinois, we lost a full month, we lost 22 days in Chicago.
Suzanne Wood: And if you go back and look at the shipment volume guidance range we gave at the beginning of the year, which was 3% to 5%, you'll remember we talked about what would put us at the top end of the range and what would put us at the lower end of the range the 3%. And the two things we called out that would put us there would have been delay of some big projects that's sometimes just unavoidable, it's outside the control and also weather. And so given the fact that Q2 was wet and as Tom just described, I mean, we were frankly, we were pleased to have our volume growth come out at 4% in the quarter because don't forget California and Texas two of the markets we've called out as being quite wet as have others. Those two markets comprise about 30% give or take of our volume. So we were pretty pleased.
Michael Wood: Okay. Thanks for all the color.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Dahl of RBC Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Mike.
Suzanne Wood: Good Morning.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Mike Dahl: Suzanne, I wanted to pick up on that last that last comment, and if you think about the performance in the quarter, despite some of the headwinds, it doesn't actually seem like that much of a heavy lift to get -- you're not just at the top end of the volume guide, but maybe a bit above the volume guide for the year and Tom I know you made the comment that maybe it's high-end of that and then so the 5% range, but has just more specifically thinking about what you've seen quarter-to-date, is there anything you'd point out as far as volume cadence? And kind of what to expect for magnitude of growth in 3Q versus 4Q?
Tom Hill: Yeah, I think, let's just concentrate on the third quarter and really for the balance of the year, but I think what you heard me say was, we're trying to be prudent, going into the third quarter and the underscore there is the third quarter is the peak of the construction season, but it's also the peak of the storm season. So that can go really, really well or that can go really, really tough or it can be a mixed bag. And so I think us telling you the high end of our guidance is trying to take some of that into for volume is trying to take some of that into account. The perfect example to that is what we saw in the first half in California. And so it's really trying to be thoughtful and trying to give you our best educated expectation of what we expect based on history and based on our backlogs and based on what we see is a booking pace.
Suzanne Wood: That's right. And I would, I would just add to this, I've got the numbers here for the second half last year in -- I have the third quarter as well. But let's not forget, last year in the third and fourth quarter, those who were not -- I don't really consider them to be terribly easy comparisons. If you look at the second half last year, our volume grew 9%, our gross profit per ton grew 11%, and for the two quarters combined, our flow-through was about 63%. That's a pretty good performance that we would be talking about over-achieving here. Price was at 2%, perhaps there is some upside there, but it was a pretty strong volume and gross profit per ton second half.
Mike Dahl: Great. I appreciate that. But I guess it's good to hear that that upper end it sounds like it actually does and you corporate the -- some conservatism around the weather, which is great. The second question I had is bigger picture, you kind of alluded to a few different time some of the internal initiatives and now some of these are earlier stage than others, but can you give us a flavor on some of the internal initiatives that you're using to drive unit margins over the next couple of years? Where are we at on some of the big initiatives? And can you quantify any goal posts for us to be thinking about in terms of impact?
Tom Hill: From a very high level, what drives our quality earnings is what drives gross profit per ton. Again, at a high level, that would include four areas of focus, commercial excellence, our logistics efficiencies, number three how we procure our goods and services and the fourth, our operating disciplines and the disciplines around those efficiencies that drive cost. Now we've been working on these at different stages over the last few years. We've invested in people and processes and systems to improve our metrics in our disciplines. And what you're seeing is results, improvements in our gross profit per ton. Again, bragged on our people in this earlier, we've put together now three quarters where we've had double-digit improvement unit margins, so solid work. But as you pointed out, we are far from being done, we got a long ways to go. And when you start talking about goalposts, this -- you got to remember this is an ultra-local business, and every one of our markets and submarkets has their goalposts. But putting those together is not as nearly as important as what happens on that local level. So this is exciting. We've done a lot of hard work. We got a lot more hard work to do. So but I congratulate our folks for being disciplined and being diligent with this, but more to come on these efforts.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Sure.
Operator: We will take our final question from Robert Muir of Berenberg Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Robert.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Daniel Wang: Hi, this is actually Dan on for Rob.
Tom Hill: Oh, great.
Daniel Wang: Thank you for taking my question. Just a quick question with regards to the split between the three end markets. Is there any way to quantify the performance of like infrastructure res and non-res. In particular, I remember last quarter around the Southeast non-res was particularly strong. I was just wondering whether that has continued and what you've seen across your geographic footprint? Thanks.
Tom Hill: I think that we would describe the private side in most of our market is growing and steady growth. A few places a little harder than others. The public side is growing and growing faster and will continue to grow faster. I would call the public side absolutely across our footprint we see growth. Again, as Suzanne said, the fundamentals for the private side, which are population growth, employment growth, very low inventories of houses and now we expect lowering interest rates. That is a good formula for private demand growth. Put that with the dramatically growing funding from highways and that maturing into lettings and now into shipments that is a great formula for public demand growth. So I would call it solid and exciting, and I will call it solid and exciting across our footprint.
Daniel Wang: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Hill: Thank you. Well, thank you for joining us today. We really appreciate your interest in Vulcan and your time this morning. And we look forward to discussing the Company and our results and our performance throughout the quarter. Look forward to seeing you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Justin, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now I’d like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A question-and-answer session will follow their prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to call your attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website vulcanmaterials.com. You can access this presentation from the Investor Relations homepage of the website. A recording of this call will be available for replay at our website later today. Additionally, you can sign-up to receive future news releases under e-mail alerts found in the quick links on the Investor Relations homepage. Please be reminded, the comments regarding the company’s results and projections may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with our other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company’s earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of the supplemental presentation. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan. We had a solid start to the year, a 15% improvement in adjusted EBITDA and a 11% improvement in Aggregates’ gross profit per ton. These results highlight the combined strength of our aggregates-focused business, our geographic footprint and our sharp focus on improving unit margins. As you know, the principal drivers of our Aggregates’ profitability are volume, price and operational efficiencies, so I’ll address each of these in turn. First, Aggregates’ shipments in the quarter increased by 13%, or 11% on a same-store basis. Importantly, the improvement was broad-based across our footprint. Of course, with record rainfall, California was the obvious exception, but with that said, reduced shipments in the West were more than offset by double-digit volume growth in our core markets in the East and Southeast and in Texas. As we expected, some of the year-over-year improvement in these markets was due to pent-up demand from last year. This was evidenced by significantly higher shipments in January. Shipments in February, March were more in line with our full-year guidance. Overall, the pace of shipments in the first quarter clearly shows that demand is healthy. The second profitability driver is price. And as predicted, our pricing continued to compound from the fourth quarter. On a freight-adjusted basis, pricing improved by 5.4% from last year. On a mix-adjusted basis, pricing increased by 5.8%. As with volume improvements, our pricing gains were widespread. The third driver, and one that is sometimes overlooked, relates to operational efficiencies and cost control. Much of our time and attention is focused here, because it represents an area, where we can strongly influence the outcome. One of our key financial metrics is same-store flow-through. On a trailing 12-month basis, it was 57% at the end of March, in line with our 60% long-term guidance. As we look forward to the rest of this year, our view of our markets remains on track with earlier expectations. We’re still seeing growth in private demand in Vulcan-served markets. In the public sector, demand continues to grow and the increases in state and local highway funding, which we’ve seen across our footprint are turning into shipments. As we pointed out previously, we’re in the very early stages of big growth in highway demand. 10 Vulcan states that generate approximately 80% of our revenue have passed infrastructure legislation over the last four years. These laws have raised funding by almost 50% over 2015 levels. The most recent state to join this stream was Alabama, which passed a gas tax in March. The pace of conversion of public funding and lettings in the shipments continues to accelerate. We see this strengthen our backlog and booking pace, and this also supports a healthy pricing environment, which we experienced in the quarter and can also see going forward. Now I’ll turn the call over to Suzanne for some additional color on the results. Suzanne?
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I’ll cover a few additional items and then comment on our 2019 guidance. In first quarter, our same-store unit cost of sales increased year-over-year by 3%. The increase resulted in part from planned higher repair and maintenance costs. We are keenly focused on reducing downtime in our plants in order to improve our operational efficiencies and throughput in the upcoming seasonally stronger quarters. In addition, California experienced higher than expected production costs due to record rainfall. Our SAG costs were higher than last year as a result of the timing of certain expenses. For the full-year, we’ll be in line with our previously provided guidance. On a trailing 12-month basis, these costs continue to trend down as a percentage of revenue and will remain focused on leveraging this part of our cost base. With respect to the Asphalt segment, gross profit was lower than last year, but in line with our expectations. Shipments increased by 5% on a same-store basis and pricing also increased by 5%. Unfortunately, these gains weren’t enough to offset the 29%, or $9 million increase in liquid asphalt costs. Concrete gross profit declined slightly compared to last year. Lower than anticipated shipments due to weather in Virginia were partially offset by modest price increases. For the full-year, our outlook for the non-aggregates segment remains unchanged, as the first quarter is seldom indicative, particularly for asphalt. I’d like to move on now to the balance sheet and our cash flows. Our debt structure suits our business well. Our long-term debt reflects the weighted average debt maturity of 15 years and the weighted average interest rate of 4.6%. We intend to retain our investment-grade credit rating, and accordingly, the target range for our leverage ratio is 2 to 2.5 times. Currently, we are at 2.6 times, but expect to be within the range this year. On Page 7 of the supplemental slides, you’ll find information on our discretionary cash flow expectation for the full-year, using the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance as the starting point. As a reminder, we define discretionary cash flow as EBITDA less working capital change, interest, taxes and operating and maintenance capital. On this basis, our discretionary cash flow for 2019 is projected to approximate $735 million. Using our capital allocation priorities, we can then determine the most returns-enhancing use of that cash, whether it’s for internal growth projects, M&A, dividends, share repurchases or debt reduction. So as you consider your models, I’ll share a couple of numbers with you. In 2019, we expect to spend approximately $250 million on operating and maintenance capital, in line with our prior estimate. With respect to internal growth projects, our investment plan calls for $200 million, which is down about $50 million from 2018 spend and in line with earlier guidance. Turning now to an update on 2019 earnings guidance. Simply put, our view remains consistent with our February outlook. The trends in our backlog project work, our booking pace and customer confidence continues to support our positive outlook for the remainder of this year. As Tom said, our first quarter results were definitely a solid start, but we should keep in mind that it was first quarter, which is the smallest quarter of the year due to seasonality and thus, the least likely to affect our overall outcome for the full-year. The takeaway is that, we are generally where we expected to be at the end of March, having employed a thoughtful approach to our guidance earlier this year. We therefore reaffirm our full-year expectations for 2019 adjusted EBITDA. As a reminder, that guidance range is between $1.25 billion and $1.33 billion. All other more detailed aspects of the guidance are shown on Page 8 in the supplemental slides. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Thomas Hill: Thanks, Suzanne. I’m very proud of our people’s performance in the first quarter. And I want to take this opportunity to thank our operators and our salespeople for taking care of our customers, holding each other to a high standard of operational excellence and delivering on financial results as promised. A 25% improvement in Aggregates’ gross profit and a 11% improvement in Aggregates’ unit profitability, that’s not easy in a winter quarter. I’m also pleased that we continue to advance our safety culture in 2019 and improve on record-setting 2018 performance. So far this year, our injury rate was 0.85 accidents for 200,000 employee hours worked. Our number one job is to keep our people safe, and this is going to remain a central part of our operating disciplines. As we move forward, we’ll focus on the key elements that deliver value for our customers and our shareholders, and we will keep our people safe and allow our plants to operate at maximum efficiencies. We will execute at the local level and will drive unit margin expansion. We have the best geographic footprint in the industry, and our business model and our people are flexible enough to take care – to take advantage of market opportunities and resilient enough to overcome market challenges. Our first quarter was a good step in the right direction towards achieving our 2019 goals. Now we’d be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Schrier with Citi.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Schrier: Hey, Tom, good morning and nice quarter.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Scott Schrier: So I want to start off with a bigger picture question. Obviously, due to the structure of the business, aggregates, particularly well-run aggregates businesses can come in higher multiples on peers. But with concerns about the cycle that really took hold towards the end of last year, one thing that supports a higher multiple is an elongated cycle, which comes from visibility and from the larger type projects, and I know you talked about it, Tom, in your prepared remarks. Can you speak to the visibility we have right now and the growth trajectory? How long does this last? I mean, assuming, of course, the $2 trillion a quarter century plan discussed the other day, I think, the one you’re aware. I know in the past you’ve laid out things like mid-cycle EBITDAs. What’s mid-cycle EBITDA? When does this happen? What – how much visibility do we have right now into the extension of the cycle?
Thomas Hill: All right. What we said was mid-cycle, we’d about 255 million tons. And if you look at the cycle right now, let’s take it in pieces. On the public side, we’re stronger than we would have predicted five years ago. You’ve got substantial funding from states. In fact, that funding in our states is up some 60% over 2015 level. So and – and not much of that is flowed through yet. So you’ve got four, five years of big growth in highway demand. Turning to the private side. On the residential, we see – we’ve continued to see growth in the residential in our markets. Our customers feel good about single-family growth. Looking out, we see exciting markets with housing growth and a few that we’re watching. What I’d put on the watch list would be San Francisco, Nashville and Chicago. Exciting markets would be Houston, Southern California, Tampa, Jacksonville, all of Florida, a lot of the Southeast. So the fundamentals of residential growth are still in place, population growth, employment growth in very low inventories of houses. So in our footprint, we still see growth in res. I would call out non-res very similar. Our backlogs, our booking pace are strong – we’re shipping strong, our customers outlook is positive on non-res. So, we still see strength both on the private side and the public side.
Scott Schrier: Thanks. And for my follow-up, I wanted to ask a couple of things on the cost front. Obviously, you’ve got some fixed cost absorption in California. You had the repair and maintenance. Looks like we also had some inventory build. So if I’m thinking about the cadence of the year, how can we think about some of those items? And I know that also in the past, sometimes you’ve given us a cash gross profit per ton bridge. I’m wondering if you could potentially walk us through that for the quarter?
Thomas Hill: Yes. So, it was – I would describe it as a typical cold, wet quarter. And our costs were up about 3%. About 1% of that was the impact of severe weather in California. I’d also add to that, that our California team did an excellent job managing their cost in really tough headwinds. The rest was – the majority of the rest was planned maintenance to get ready for the season, and that’s very typical for our first – for a cold, wet quarter. You’re just going to be inefficient in trying to crush rock when it’s cold and wet. So you fix it while the weather is bad and run it when the weather is good. So we did a lot of R&M, planned R&M in preparation for the season. We actually had a reduction in inventory, which was a little bit of a headwind for us. And again, that’s not unusual in a cold, wet quarter. You shutdown the planned R&M, because you’re not going to be efficient running. And I think our people have done a good job with inventories. If you look back, we’ve actually, over the last four, five years, we’ve actually lowered inventories of long sizes, which will be based in fines, and that’s really taken our inventory and that we’re all returning it to cash. Our inventory turns have continued to move up over the last four, five years.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. And I would just add to that, Scott. I can see where you’ve got the question about inventory being higher. If you look at it on a year-over-year basis on the balance sheet, it does appear to be higher, but that’s as a result of the acquisitions that we’ve done year-over-year one – reasonably sized one in the paving and asphalt side of the business. I think from the production cost standpoint in the quarter, the – probably the better way to look at it is to look at what your inventory actually did in the quarter. So if you look at the balance sheet, you can actually see a decline in finished product there.
Scott Schrier: Great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it and good luck.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And next will be Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Nishu Sood: Thank you. Yes, good morning. I wanted to start off kind of digging into the commentary you mentioned about the backlogs – I’m sorry, the deferred projects that benefited 1Q. February and March are more in line with your long – your year guidance for low to mid single-digit volume growth, whereas January was much stronger. I just wanted to dig into that a little bit. January, I would anticipate would be much smaller volume-wise and February and particularly March. So it just implies some really strong volume growth in January. Am I understanding that correctly? So how strong was January? And then what does that speak to in terms of momentum carrying out of the quarter?
Thomas Hill: Yes. So, the shipments overall in the quarter is a robust first quarter. And that volume growth, which is very encouraging was very widespread with the obvious exception of California, which was just a washout. As we said, the big jump came in January. It was high double-digit. And if you remember, when we made comments on the third quarter, we said we had a lot of pent-up demand and some of that may flow-through into 2019. That’s actually what happened in January. It was as predicted, again, February and March were more in line with our guidance. What we’re seeing out there is a real sense of urgency from our customers to get work completed, so they can get on to their growing backlogs. And this was really evidenced in the first quarter as the weekend shipments were up 25% year-over-year. And what that signals is, those customers got to get the work done and they’re willing to spend over time to get on to the next project. The private continues to move up, as we said, where the big increase we’re seeing in is in highway shipments and the flow-through of that funding. And I – as we said, that increase in funding flow-through will continue for the next four, five years. I think that as far as the rest of the year, as predicted, I would expect shipments to be more like February, March, but remember, it’s still just the first quarter.
Nishu Sood: Got it, got it. I appreciate the details there. And then second question, one of the impressive thing about the numbers is the low double-digit aggregates volume growth, despite your largest market California being down double digits. You mentioned it was broad-based. How much did the Aggregates USA footprint, which would have been less weather affected, perhaps impact that? So just how were you – if you could dig into how you’re able to offset the double-digit declines in your largest market with the rest of your footprint? What were the particular drivers of strength or regions?
Thomas Hill: Well, I think that everywhere except for California saw strength, particularly in our very important Southeast market. We’re the largest producer in the Southeast, and we really, really benefited from big demand in those Southeastern states. It was just widespread. And again, you had some big projects scattered out across that flowed from fourth quarter last year into first quarter this year and that was really what you saw in January.
Nishu Sood: Got it. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for taking…
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: …thank you for taking my questions today. Just – so first on the follow-up on CapEx. Could you give us a little bit more color on the $55 million spend for internal growth projects and expected returns? So there’s looking – building out new sites. But just wanted to get some more color on what type of growth projects you’re targeting for this?
Suzanne Wood: Sure. I’ll address that one, Kathryn. In terms of the growth projects and what we spent on in the quarter, they are largely – the spend was largely on what we’ve outlined before we are opening some additional sales and distribution networks in certain parts of the country, along the Gulf Coast into Charleston as well to sort of help expand the network there. We are also expending money on the opening of two or three greenfield sites, one of which is in California. And we would expect and that one to hopefully begin having a few shipments from that late this year. In terms of returns, we don’t go into the specifics of the returns on those individual projects other than to say that they are definitely accretive to the returns of the company and have a higher return than what we – what the company generates overall. And that’s the main reason for doing those projects. As you look at an internal growth project versus M&A, this is a way to get exactly what you want, where you want it without potentially having to pay a lot of blue sky. And when you are able to do it internally, it causes the return on investment to rise.
Thomas Hill: I would add to that. There’s a ramp-up time for these just because when you buy something it’s already going to this when you have to ramp-up. But they’re adjacent or in our footprint, so they’re additive to the franchise and protect the franchise and there are some of our highest returns that – you’re not painting the blue sky, but you also the flip side as it takes a little time to ramp-up.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, perfect. And then a follow-up on ASPs. Nice job in the quarter. Thank you also for confirming that. You didn’t build inventory and it does look that from an industry standpoint, at least, from the folks we’ve – with whom we’ve spoken. In general there has not been an inventory build in Q1 this year to the same degree as last year. Just a confirmation that this certainly should be positive for pricing going forward? And then second, on a follow-up to that, could you just give more quantification or color on the commentary of project type mix in the quarter and how this impacted pricing for the quarter? And really more importantly, how you think it will – how it impacts it as we look further out 12 to 18 months from now? Thank you very much.
Thomas Hill: Yes, thank you. The quarter – the pricing momentum in our markets continues to improve. This was, as we predicted, third quarter, fourth quarter last year. The mix was about 40 basis points. All of that was base, which a higher base refines in a cold wet weather is not unusual. It’s also indicative of new highway construction. But overall, we’re seeing widespread pricing momentum across our vast majority of our markets. In fact, all the one market – every market we reinstall price increases, they’re for one and that one was flat. The – I think the foundation of this is the visibility to that highway growth and the continued demand growth and shipping growth on the private side. Our January and April price increases to fixed plants were all in place. And we’ll see bid work push up throughout the year. And as you know, bid work is a campaign over time, it’s not a one-time price increase. So the 2019 price increases came out of the gate strong. But I think what’s really important here is, it provides a good start to our improve unit margins. As we said, those unit margins were up a 11% in the quarter. And this is the second quarter in a row that we’ve grown unit margins in the face of some pretty tough conditions. And that’s simply sound execution and disciplines under difficult circumstances by our people. And if you remember, if you kind of look back over time, this is usual for us. If you look back six years, we’ve gone from $3 – roughly $3 to just under $3 to almost $5 from the trailing 12-month basis on unit margins, that’s 12% compounded annual growth rate and we saw 11% in the first quarter. So my hats off to our sales and ops folks and we thank them for that. And this is our job and we’ll keep looking at it.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I just add one thing there, Kathryn, going back to the commentary around base sales and the fact that our – that produced a bit of unfavorable product mix of about 40 basis points. Our base sales did increase pretty substantially in the first quarter year-over-year. Last year, they constituted about 22%, this year, about 27%. So that’s about 500 bps up. So to – given that significant increase to only have a product mix effect of about 40 basis points, I think is pretty good.
Kathryn Thompson: Yes, perfect. Thank you so much.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Benjamin Burud: Hi, good morning, everyone. This is Ben Burud on for Jerry.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Ben.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Ben.
Benjamin Burud: Good morning. Just wanted to touch on pricing. So if we look back to last year, pricing improved over the course of 2018. So as a result, you’ll probably be facing tougher comps in the second-half. As a result, obviously you had very strong pricing 5.8% year-over-year, excluding mix. Should we think about pricing kind of steady over the course of the year, or does that comp – the second-half comp present a meaningful headwind?
Thomas Hill: I think you nailed it. I think, we would expect our price increases to be steady throughout the year in line with our guidance. And you have to remember, so we – the fixed plants, as I said, went into effect in January and April. You’ll see some – some of those you’ll see mid-year price increases. But the bid work, which is the majority of our work, as I said, is a campaign over time, and we’ll continue to push that up throughout the year. And you got to remember, we were looking at our backlogs and our booking pace and our pricing, our book pace, and it will support that 5% to 7% guidance that we’ve given, and I would see that smoother in 2019, whereas it was kind of a ramp-up in 2018.
Benjamin Burud: Got it. And this kind of feeds into the mid-cycle question you addressed earlier, but I appreciate that it’s a few quarters away. But can you kind of give us an idea how you’re thinking about pricing in 2020? It’s obviously very strong this year. Can we keep that momentum into 2020 and continue that path to a strong mid-cycle level of performance?
Thomas Hill: I think I would turn that to – obviously, we’re not going to give you guidance for 2020, it’s too early. We’re still in first stages of 2019. But I think what I would look at there is what drives price and its visibility and work that’s coming, so people secure that they can take price in and give prices out there in the marketplace. And that is what so important about the growing highway demand. It is – everybody knows it’s there. It’s very visible. They know way out in advance what’s coming. And so whereas private work in is helpful there, but it’s a little less visibility and a little less sure than a state saying they’re going to do XYZ jobs. So I would predict pricing to continue – the momentum to continue to increase over time underpins again by the visibility to highway demand.
Benjamin Burud: Got it. And if I could just squeeze in one quick follow-up on that note. Obviously, the infrastructure demand is very, very positive. There’s nothing that you guys see looking out that would represent a downside risk to the current infrastructure demand, kind of like what we saw in 2017 where there were project delays or engineering constraints. Is that not the case this time around?
Thomas Hill: There’s enough flowing through, I would expect it to be a little smoother. You got to remember, we were back to 2017, that was just a couple of states that had new highway bills. Now we’ve got 10 of our states that have all passed increased funding, that funding increases $20 billion a year versus over 10 states, where the federal bill is $45 billion a year over 50 states. So this is substantial. It’s big. It’s widespread. And I think will there be air pockets of how fast it grows by or it will be, I wouldn’t expect it to be a smooth go up. I would expect it to always be going up over the next four or five years, though.
Benjamin Burud: Awesome. I appreciate the color.
Thomas Hill: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Next will be Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys, great quarter.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Phil.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Phil Ng: It seemed like some of the bottlenecks that may have held you back, had started to ease a bit. Curious, your ability to kind of play catch-up, given some of this pent-up demand. And if you continue to see double-digit growth like you did in the quarter, we’re not saying that’s the case for the rest of the year. But if you had that type of growth trajectory, do you have enough bandwidth in inventory to kind of meet that demand?
Thomas Hill: Oh, sure. I mean, we had the bandwidth in production capacity. I mean, the capacity is built in these plants to do 300 million tons, it’s just a matter of hours. But we’ll handle whatever comes at us, and we have the power to do that. I’m not at all worried about that, in fact, I’ve loved to have that problem.
Phil Ng: Okay, sounds great. And then shifting gears to like California, what are you expecting in terms of how much that market grows this year? There’s certainly some puts and takes. We have already showing some signs of a slowdown and the softer 1Q start, the public sounds quite robust with SB1. And can you remind us what are the splits between private and public for California?
Thomas Hill: Yes. The – obviously, the first quarter in California was a washout, but the fundamentals in California are very strong. You’ve got SB1 coming on with a steadily increasing implementation. Remember, we’re only a year-and-a-half into the funding of SB1. We always tell you, it takes two years. But Caltrans is actually doing a pretty good job in getting work out there. We’ve already backlogged probably 1.5 million tons of aggregates and a 1 million tons of asphalt. And you got to remember, much of that is going to ship this year. Remember, we’re the largest aggregate and asphalt producer in California. So this is right in our wheelhouse. The backlogs and booking pace would support our plan for the year. We will have a good performance in California this year. Time will tell, if we can catch-up on projected volumes in California for 2019 with the works there. Management team actually performed extremely well in a tough quarter with our cost I said earlier. It boils down to, I’m not concerned about California, if anything actually very excited about California, both the demand level on the private side and big demand coming on the public side, our team’s performance. So we’ll have a good year in California. As far as the split, I would tell you, in Southern California, we are more about 50-50, like we are across the country with – of private versus public. In Northern California, we are – in Central Northern California, we’re probably heavier on the public side than we are on the private side.
Phil Ng: Got it. And just one last one for me. Can you talk about how trends are tracking in April and May? And how extended are your backlogs? I know, one of your competitors mentioned some of their customers and contractors have started to reach out for work in 2020, right? Just curious if you’re seeing some of that as well? Thanks a lot.
Thomas Hill: I’m sorry, I couldn’t hear the first of your question.
Phil Ng: Can you talk about how your trends are tracking in April and May – early May?
Thomas Hill: Yes. Well Ms. Wood just kick me under the table about what I’ll be trying to talk about April and May. But I would call out the full-year. I would expect our price and volume to track pretty smoothly as what we have in our guidance.
Phil Ng: Got it. And then the backlogs, are you having conversations with customers into 2020 already, or how’s that kind of shaking out?
Thomas Hill: Well, some of the big work that we’re bidding today will flow into 2020. But most of it’s going to be shipped in 2019. But we – when we bid work that goes out years to come, we’ll put escalators in it.
Phil Ng: Got it. All right, thanks a lot.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And next will be Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Adam.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: Good morning. Great quarter.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Adam Thalhimer: Tom, sorry to harp on this again, but I’m just curious on the guidance – the volume guidance with such a strong start to the year. 5% volume guidance would be kind of, I don’t know 3% each quarter for the rest of the year. Is there any some conservatism baked in on your part there?
Thomas Hill: Well, I’ll tell you what. I’d rather have the first – I’d be rather be ahead on this on the batting than behind. But you got to remember, it’s still the first quarter. And if history repeats itself, we’re going to see some headwinds this year. And you saw February and March ship more like guidance, so it’s a solid start. I think we were thoughtful in our guidance and I still think we’re thoughtful in our guidance. I don’t – again, it’s a great start. But it’s – we – most years, we see some storms and fires and hurricanes in there, and who knows what’s going to happen this year, hopefully not, but we’ll see.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I would just add to that. I mean, I think it’s a little bit early, yes, it was a great start to the year. As Tom said, we did have some pent-up demand coming through in January that propelled the numbers beyond the guidance. We feel comfortable with where we are from a backlogs and booking pace perspective for the rest of the year. But I think only 45 days or so, 60 days or so after we gave the initial guidance that we spent a lot of time thinking about taking all of these factors into effect, it’s probably a bit premature to to go down the path of revising that at this point on the basis of the seasonally slowest quarter of the year.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay, understood. And then can you give a little more color on non-res, Tom, particularly the bidding?
Thomas Hill: Sure. As we look out, our non-res shipments have been strong. Our customers’ outlook is very positive in non-res. The backlogs and booking pace or good. In non-res, you rarely see all of your markets line up at the same time as strong. So I’d call out markets that we watch out – we’re watching from a non-res and some excited about the watch list would be – this doesn’t mean they’re going to go down. They are just – we’re not quite as excited about them as we are others the watch list would be places like Baltimore, Nashville, Dallas markets where we feel very good about our non-res side about, would include Southern California, Atlanta, Phoenix and North Virginia. But I think we’ll continue to see strength in shipments in non-res throughout 2019.
Adam Thalhimer: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And next will be Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to – first question circle back on one of the earlier questions and comments around cost quantification just on the 3% unit cost. It sounded like 1% was kind of weather impact. So then, if we look at the bulk of the remaining, I think, that would translate to roughly 10-ish million in terms of headwinds from some of the maintenance and repair costs. So first, is that on track? And then second, how should we be thinking about unit cost through the balance of the year as you get back into seasonally stronger periods?
Thomas Hill: So that’s a good question. On the call California – so cost went up 3%, I will look at this way. California was about a percent of that. And even – now with that said, I think, our folks did a good job, they just had a tough go of it and that happened we had that much rain. The other 2% – about 1.5% that would be R&M. I said R&M, repair and maintenance and this is we took plants down, because it was not a good time to run. And that’s what we should have been doing and then when the sun comes out, the season will – we can run at maximum efficiencies. And then inventories was about a 0.5%, and again that was by design and that you don’t need to be trying to build inventories when you have operating efficiency. So that’s how I look at it. As I look through the quarter, I would expect – I wouldn’t see big shifts in inventories. I wouldn’t expect California to – the sunshine back sign in the California back running. I think that operating team is very talented and they will do a very good job with that. And our R&M will level as the year goes along and we start running.
Mike Dahl: Okay. So flattish in terms of unit costs for the balance of the year, and that’s kind of how you get back to the 60% incrementals, is that fair?
Thomas Hill: That’s probably a little better, up a little bit than flat, but in all said, yes, you’re correct.
Suzanne Wood: Generally flat, yes.
Mike Dahl: Okay. And then my last question, just on the mix commentary, understand the impact of the base from a product standpoint. So if you think about the potential for a rebound in California and the mix of base potentially move a bit lower through the year. How should we be thinking about the overall mix impact within your full-year guide as it relates to the pricing?
Thomas Hill: I would expect not a big impact from mix geographically, if anything maybe a little positive of the mix on product mix, I would expect base to continue to be pretty strong, maybe not as strong as it was in Q1. But the reason I say that is, you’ve got a lot of new construction out there with this – with the highway funding. So and then, by the way, this is a good thing. This is not – but we’d go back to – and I’d point you right back to guidance, which is 5 to 7 mix adjusted.
Mike Dahl: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next will be Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning, Tom and Suzanne. So I guess, first off, the – you mentioned you’re seeing kind of an accelerated or accelerating transition from lettings to actually seeing aggregate shipments. Tom, what in your opinion, what’s driving this? And is it sustainable as we kind of start moving into the busier time here as we look at the backlog that you have, as we look at the states that you’re in and the increase in funding? Is this, I guess, shorter lag between a lettings? And when you guys see work, is that sustainable, or do you see that kind of stretching out again?
Thomas Hill: I think, what I see is, this is sustainable. In fact, I think it is going to compound that growth rate over time, as funding within a state matures and then as funding between each state comes online. So I would expect it to be stronger over time. You’re seeing it in our backlogs, you’re seeing it in the highway lettings, you’re seeing it in the highway – in the state’s highways budgets. It is – the bottom line of it is, it is the maturing of the DOTs into their funding. And as we said, it takes two years and then it ramps up over time.
Suzanne Wood: Yes. I think Tom is exactly right on that. I mean this is just a natural progression. It takes about two years. And so you’re beginning to see come through now some of which we had hoped would have come through last year, but it just takes longer when the projects are initially beginning to ramp up.
Trey Grooms: Got it. All right. And then you mentioned January benefiting from some pent-up demand. Is – was that more kind of the catch-up you’re talking about here, or it was that just weather-related things that didn’t happen last year that kind of pushed into January that was a catch-up period and now we’re back to normal?
Thomas Hill: I think, well, the overall growth is what we’re talking about. The bubble, so to speak, in January was work that flowed through from 2018.
Trey Grooms: Okay. And so California weather likely created some level of pent-up demand. How should we think about that flow-through? And then also you mentioned Virginia weather impacting ready-mix. Did that impact aggregate shipments as well? And is there any pent-up, I guess, shipments there?
Thomas Hill: I’ll tell you Virginia first. The cold wet weather is going to impact ready-mix concrete worse than it is rocks, so we shipped – we actually shipped a lot of base. Aggregate shipments in Virginia were actually up in spite of the weather. And – but it was more based in clean stone and that again is very typical for a cold wet quarter. We also did more vertical work last year in ready-mix than we have more flat work this year. It is also – the flat work is more weather-sensitive. So not worried about Virginia, but Virginia will have a very good year and had a great start with aggregates, but the ready-mix backlogs are there and it will perform. On California, I think it’s this. Again, the booking pace and backlogs in California, both from a volume and a price perspective is excellent. Same thing with our asphalt, with going prices in asphalt will have a very good year in California. The timing of this was such a quarter, I can’t predict yet. Hopefully, we’ll get it all done. Our customers want that to happen with sunshine in there. They’re shipping and they’re busy. But it’s really a matter of do you have enough days and the timing of those projects. But again, that’s a matter of timing. California’s going to have a good years, it’s a matter of whether it’s a good year or great year, but it will be solid. And if we don’t do it in 2019, we’ll do in 2020.
Trey Grooms: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats to you and the team on a good quarter.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: And next will be Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Thomas Hill: Good morning, Garik.
Jeffrey Stevenson: Hey, this is Jeff Stevenson on Garik.
Thomas Hill: Oh, hi, Jeff.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Stevenson: Hey, how are you?
Thomas Hill: Good.
Jeffrey Stevenson: My first question was just a follow-up on California. I was just wondering if you could provide any more color on contractor labor and other capacity issues that might impact demand from getting work through this year?
Thomas Hill: Yes. Well, labor is an issue, not just in California, everywhere, and not so much for us. But we have pressures on labor, but we can get it done. It’s really our customers. I think that highway demand growing faster is more labor-efficient, so that will actually help us. But everybody has pressures on labor, but it really affects. And I think – backing up to the highway, our contracted customers of the highway piece of this have done a good job, building labor forces with the visibility to the work coming. But it will be a constrained and that’s just a piece of the question mark of can we get all work done in 2019, again, it’s a timing issue. But – so labor is an issue, but we’ll shift past, I think.
Jeffrey Stevenson: Okay, great. And then you’d expect that asphalt to make up most of the gross profit improvement in the downstream business. And just wondering if this is tracking in line with your expectations, given liquid asphalt cost of product more than expected.
Thomas Hill: Yes. The quarter was actually right in line with our expectations. Prices and hot mix were up 5%, but liquid costs were up $100 a ton for liquid. So liquid cost us in the quarter about $9 million. Now that’s first quarter. If you look back to the fourth quarter, liquid is, as predicted, is pretty much level out and our backlog and our booking pricing on future work for hot mix, it continues to escalate. So we’ll catch this up. It’ll be a ramp up throughout the year. But I think we’re good with our plan, accomplishing our plan. And the big ramp-up in highway demand is very, very important for that asphalt product line, because that’s what most of the painting is.
Suzanne Wood: And I would just add to that. In terms of asphalt, when you think about the guidance that we gave for the year back in February, we said that a majority of the improvement in gross profit would come from increased volume. And based on our backlogs and booking paces, as Tom said, we feel pretty comfortable with that right now. And the other point I would make is that, particularly with respect to the first quarter, remember, in California, that is an extremely big asphalt business for us And so, no doubt. While we were pretty much on track with what we expected in first quarter from an asphalt perspective, California, if it hadn’t been raining out there virtually every single day, that would have certainly been helpful as well. So we can look forward to that as the sun begins to shine a bit more.
Jeffrey Stevenson: Okay, great. Thank you.
Thomas Hill: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next will be Adrian with JPMorgan.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Hi, good morning, Adrian.
Adrian Huerta: Hi, good morning, Tom and Suzanne. Thank you for taking my question. Just two questions. One is, what percentage of your territories you had the price increases in January and what percentage was in April? And the second question is, you did not have much M&A activity in the quarter. Should we expect lower M&A activity this year, probably on higher valuations than what we had last year? Thanks.
Thomas Hill: As far as pricing is concerned, it was pretty consistent through the quarter as how the poor turned out and that was as we predicted in the fourth quarter – for the fourth quarter call. So it was – and I would expect that throughout the year. As far as M&A, we’re always working on a few of these that’s happening today. It’s always hard – it’s to predict what’s going to happen M&A as the seller side, when they want to sell and we don’t have a lot of control over that. I think, what I was – what I look forward for us in M&A is, I’ve said there’s a lot, it’s discipline – be disciplined about what you’re going to buy and be disciplined about those synergies that are unique to us, try not to pay for those, make sure you don’t overpay pressure test the project. And then once you get it, make sure you integrate it quickly and accurately.
Adrian Huerta: Okay.
Suzanne Wood: That’s right. And I would also add to that from the M&A perspective. If you look back to the amount of spend we’ve had in M&A over the past 12 to 18 months, it has been pretty sizable for us. And so I think whether there is a deal out there to be done or not, I think, having a relatively quiet quarter to make sure, as Tom said, those are embedded in and we stay very focused on making sure we get off to a really good start in the aggregates business is probably the most important thing for us to have done in the first quarter.
Adrian Huerta: Understood, Tom and Suzanne. And you mentioned at the opening three, I think, you said three quarries and one in California. And what are the chances that we could see even more quarries being opened this year?
Thomas Hill: I think that quarry took about 10 or 15 years in development. It is – and it took a lot of work for our local folks. It is extremely hard to open a quarry anywhere much less California.
Adrian Huerta: And how big is going to be this quarry in California?
Thomas Hill: It’s a mid-range quarry, but I don’t think we want to be public about that at this point.
Adrian Huerta: Thank you, Tom.
Thomas Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Next will be Lee Nalley with SunTrust.
Lee Nalley: Hi, thanks for taking my question.
Thomas Hill: Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Thomas Hill: Sure.
Lee Nalley: Good morning, good morning. So just a real quick. In the past you guys have discussed leverage target 2 to 2.5 times, I think, you confirmed that last quarter. But prior to that, there are also – there’s also this target of 1.5 times at the cycle peak. I’m just wondering can you give your kind of updated thoughts on how you manage – plan to manage leverage through the cycle? And is that 1.5 times target still out there?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. Our target range is 2 to 2.5 times through the cycle, and we are comfortable with that. We think that’s an appropriate leverage range. It gives us the the flexibility and stability we need to manage through the cycle, because remember, in the downturn, we will be – even though EBITDA may fall a bit from fewer shipments, we’ll be very cash-generative, because we’ll basically be spending virtually nothing on growth CapEx. And if we go into the cycle as we plan to with our fleet pretty young, then we will not have to spend very much at all on – from an operating and maintenance side as well. So that cash profile that’s a little countercyclical to profit gives you some cushion as well. We like to be flexible in what we do. We’re comfortable with the 2 to 2.5 times. But certainly, if we were in the middle of the cycle and felt it was appropriate to reduce the leverage range further, that is certainly within our remit to do. But when you think about our business model, we’re pretty comfortable with the 2 to 2.5 times. We’d certainly like to be toward the lower-end or at the lower-end of that range, as you’re entering the downturn.
Lee Nalley: Thanks. All that makes a lot of sense. Thanks for the clarification.
Suzanne Wood: Sure.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the conference back over to Mr. Tom Hill for any additional or closing remarks.
Thomas Hill: Again, thank you for your time today and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Have a good day.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Fourth Quarter and Full 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder today’s call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to your host Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren you may begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning. And thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A question-and-answer session will follow their prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to call your attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website vulcanmaterials.com. You can access this presentation from the Investor Relations homepage of the website. A recording of this call will be available for replay at our website later today. Additionally, you can sign-up to receive future news releases through to the quick links on the Investor Relations homepage. Finally, please be reminded that comments regarding the company’s results and projections may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks along with our other legal disclaimers are described in detail in the company’s earnings release and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest in our company. In addition to discussing the fourth quarter and full year results, we will also touch on several other matters of interests, including our improving pricing dynamic, our view on 2019 demand and shipments, and our financial expectations for 2019. Suzanne will review the financial shortly. But first, let me get right to the notable things about the fourth quarter that set us up for a strong 2019. The quarter was a great finish to the year. We delivered a 24% increase in gross profit in our core Aggregates segment. We enjoyed solid shipment growth, compounding price improvements and discipline cost control. A principal driver of the strength in the quarter was an 8% increase in total Aggregates shipments, 4% on a same-store basis. These higher shipments were largely due to the growing demand in the public sector. The many increases in state and local highway funding that we have seen across our footprint are now turning into shipments. We are in the very early stages of big growth in highway demand. Shipments in the quarter rebounded in Texas and Virginia, states that are among our more profitable markets, and solid growth continued in Florida Arizona Alabama and Illinois. Our pricing dynamic also improved in the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of mix, our freight-adjusted pricing increased approximately 5% compared to last year’s quarter, including mix, pricing increased 2% due to stronger shipments in relatively lower priced markets such as Alabama, Arizona and Illinois. We have seen improving pricing momentum quarter-after-quarter. This ongoing momentum sets the stage as we move into 2019. It’s supported by improved backlogs of private and public work, customer confidence, demand visibility and logistics constraints. Throughout the quarter and the year we were highly focused on operating efficiencies and cost control. For the quarter, we converted all of our higher revenue into gross profit, finishing the full year with a 12-month same-store flow through rate of 64% in our Aggregates segment. Overall, for the full year we, increased total revenues, earnings from continuing operations before taxes, and adjusted EBITDA, while decreasing our overhead expenses as a percent of total revenues. For the full year, we achieved record Aggregates cash gross profit per ton of $6.32. Our safety performance, which is a leading indicator of operational excellence and proper stewardship of our most important resource, which is our people. I am immensely proud that we further advanced our safety performance improving on our record setting results from the previous year. For 2018, our injury rate was 0.92 per 200,000 employee hours worked, which is world-class. This is a great tribute to the performance of our people throughout our company. Our performance in our core Aggregates business improved throughout 2018. The momentum we generated and these positive trends in our Aggregates business will play forward into 2019. We continue to see growth in private demand in Vulcan-served markets. In the public sector, demand growth is coming on strong and it’s most notable in the markets that we serve. Nine Vulcan states that generate almost 80% of our revenue have passed infrastructure legislation over the last three years. These laws have raise funding by almost 60% over 2015 levels. Altogether, state laws and local initiatives to increase transportation infrastructure revenue have added more than $20 billion annually of funding in just these nine Vulcan states. That’s nearly half as much as the federal government provides each year for all 50 states. So the pace of the conversion of public funding and lettings into shipments continues to accelerate and while the timing of those shipments is never precise, the direction is clearly up. This creates a healthy and positive pricing environment. Our backlogs and booking pace are in great shape and are improving. This along with our 2019 fixed plant price increases gives us confidence in the growing strength of 2019. Now I will turn the call over to Suzanne for a more detailed view of the numbers.
Suzanne Wood: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I will cover some key points from the full year and then move on to our 2019 guidance. For the year just ended, we reported adjusted EBITDA of $1.132 billion. This represented a 15% improvement over 2017 and was achieved despite significantly higher diesel fuel and liquid asphalt costs. Diesel costs increased $26 million or 25% in 2018 and liquid asphalt costs were up $54 million or 32%. Gross profit in our Aggregates segment increased 16% in the year, our unit profitability increased 6% and our margins expanded due to solid growth in shipments, compounding pricing improvements and operating efficiencies. For the full year, shipments grew by 10% or, on a same-store basis 6%, mix adjusted pricing increased by 3.5% improving as the year progressed, and importantly, our same-store unit cost of sales decreased by 2%, more than offsetting the higher diesel costs, I mentioned earlier. Together with our improved Aggregates pricing, this disciplined approach to cost resulted in the 64% same-store flow through for the full year that Tom mentioned earlier. These results demonstrate the strength of our Aggregates-focused business even when we experience headwinds. As stated last quarter, we remain focused on the things we can control such as our cost base and the efficiencies and operating leverage that drive our Aggregates’ profitability. We focus on these rather than things not in our control such as cost pressures, inclement weather or the precise timing of large project starts. Our focus on accountability is a large part of our success and we will continue these disciplines. Now with respect to the non-aggregates part of our business, it was a bit of a mixed bag. For the Concrete segment, gross profit increased by 10% year-over-year. On the other hand, the Asphalt segment had a challenging year with liquid asphalt costs negatively affecting gross profit. While we were able to increase our own prices to customers by approximately 6% in the full year, much of the rise in liquid asphalt costs occurred in the second half and so we were unable to fully offset the higher annual costs, and as a result, the Asphalt segment’s full year gross profit declined by $35 million or 38%. We will continue our efforts to price so as to offset these costs, but the impact will be gradual as we cycle through existing contracts. In the accompanying slide, you will find information on our cash flows for the full year, but I will quickly recap the more noteworthy items. In the year, we spent $222 million on operating and maintenance capital in line with our prior estimate. Our growth CapEx investment was $247 million, a bit lower than our guidance during the third quarter call. While some of this difference is timing related, we do remain disciplined with our capital spending and continue our careful review of the nature and scope of projects. In 2018, we also invested $221 million in bolt-on acquisitions, which complemented our existing positions and expanded our capabilities in Alabama California and Texas. And finally, we returned $282 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases compared to $193 million in 2017. So moving on to 2019, when we last spoke with you, we shared a preliminary outlook that called for mid single-digit growth in shipments and pricing for Aggregates, with the caveat that our detailed budget development and reviews were under way. Having concluded those processes our current expectations are in line with those earlier assumptions. We expect continued demand growth in our markets, particularly on the public side and this view is supported by what we are seeing in our backlogs and new bookings. Specifically, for 2019, we expect Aggregates shipments growth of 3% to 5% and freight-adjusted price increases of 5% to 7%. Additionally, we maintain our longer term view of an approximate 60% same-store flow through rate to gross profit on a trailing 12-month basis, understanding that like this year the rate can vary quarter-to-quarter. Turning to our non-aggregates segments which include Asphalt and Concrete, we expect 15% to 20% growth in gross profit collectively with the assumption of relatively stable liquid asphalt costs. SAG expenses in the year are forecast to be $355 million, reflecting higher revenues. Notably, our SAG expenses as a percentage of revenues continue to decline and we remain focused on efficiently leveraging our overhead costs. We anticipate that interest expense will be approximately $130 million and that the category of depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization together will approximate $360 million. The combination of these assumptions results in a 2019 adjusted EBITDA range of $1.25 billion to $1.33 billion, with the low end of that range representing a double-digit increase as compared to 2018. Now, as you know, our business is an inherently cash generative one and 2019 will be no exception. As you model our cash flows for the year I will share some thoughts with you that will help you fill in the blanks. The most important point is that we will continue to follow our capital allocation priorities and will stay within our debt leverage target range. We project the non-discretionary uses of cash to be as follows in the year. Cash interest expense of $125 million, operating and maintenance CapEx of $250 million, and finally, cash taxes of $160 million. The discretionary uses of our cash involve returns to shareholders, internal growth capital and acquisitions. So let me touch on each of these. First, we expect to maintain a progressive dividend, generally growing it in line with earnings to a level that is fully sustainable through the cycle. Second, we expect to spend approximately $200 million on growth CapEx for projects that are largely underway. These include the opening of strategic quarries in California, Texas and South Carolina, as well as improvements to our logistics and distribution network and sales yards. Third, we will continue our disciplined evaluation of acquisition opportunities as they arise and we will only invest in those which fit our strategy and which offers superior returns and synergies. And last but not least, we will continuously evaluate the use of opportunistic share repurchases as a means to return excess cash to shareholders. As I conclude my comments on our 2019 guidance, let me quickly address our balance sheet strength and capital allocation priorities. We are committed to maintaining our investment grade credit rating, strong balance sheet structure and debt-to-EBITDA leverage between 2 times and 2.5 times. Currently, our weighted-average debt maturity is 15 years and our long-term weighted average interest rate is 4.6%. This debt profile, together with our strong cash flow, gives us the flexibility to sensibly and responsibly manage our business. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged and we will be disciplined in the use of that capital, always seeking to improve our returns and shareholder value. And now, I will turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Suzanne. I am proud of our people’s performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Despite serious external disruptions in 2018 and large increases in the cost of liquid asphalt and diesel fuel, we still delivered strong top and bottomline growth, while also growing the business in strategic locations. Our strategy is clear and compelling. Our operational structure is lean and locally led and our positions in attractive long-term growth markets are simply unrivaled. Our teams perform to high standards, focused on continuous improvement. We are well-equipped to take advantage of market opportunities or market challenges. We have big goals for 2019. These goals are focused on improving our performance in our operating disciplines, how we service our customers and how we grow our people. We are leveraging our strengths and growth opportunities further building on the deep engagement we have in the day-to-day improvement of our business. We also continue our strategic focus on logistics all across our footprint, encompassing rail, trucking, Blue Water and our barge system, with a focus on improving internal efficiencies, while continuing to enhance the customer experience. We are excited about 2019 and the following years for a number of reasons. Most notably, the sea change we are witnessing in the public sector investment in transportation infrastructure and the very positive impacts of our focus on growing unit margins. Moving forward, we are especially well suited to benefit as infrastructure demand in key Vulcan states continues to grow, fueled by these substantial increases in state and local funding. Now we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc.
Tom Hill: Good morning Trey.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: Hey. Good morning, everyone. First off, I guess, I want to just ask on the pricing, 5% to 7% increase this year. Can you talk about, is there any mix expectations one way or the other there and any color you can give us maybe on how to think about cadence and any other driver factors behind that guide?
Tom Hill: Sure. As Suzanne and I both said, the pricing momentum in our business is clearly improving. We saw another big step up in the fourth quarter. If you look at ‘19, our confidence is really built on three things and three things that we have a lot of visibility to. The first one would be our current booking prices continue to move up. Number two, our bid and backlog prices are up. That’s something we see very clearly and it constitutes about 60% of our business. And then, third, Trey, we are experiencing solid price improvements in our January and our April prices increases to our fixed plant concrete and asphalt customers. We are seeing price increases across every one of our markets in ‘19. Supporting that confidence is our customer’s, the visibility they have in demand growth and it’s really underpinned by the improving pipeline of big public work and solid backlogs of private work. I am pleased with the disciplines in our sales force and how they blew pricing up over the last two or three quarters. There may be a little bit of positive geographic mix built into ‘19 but the reality is, if you look at our backlogs our bid work and fixed plant prices, they are all just definitely up as -- from where we were a year ago.
Trey Grooms: Got it. That’s helpful. And then -- appreciate that. As a follow up, if you can give us a little more color on kind of how you build into that 3% to 5% volume. You mentioned solid growth of course in private demand and then I think you used the word strong growth in public demand. But any more color you could give us around your assumptions there, anything to note around weather or end market or you mentioned geographic mix, but just anything else that you could give us on how you build into that a little bit more granular?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So I think it’s probably easier done if I just kind of take you around the country and talk about just maybe some different markets and it’s a little bit of a long answer. But California -- starting with California in the west, we see solid volume and price growth in 2019. The public side is showing real strength with SB-1 measures starting to flow through and those projects starting to ship. Private side continues to grow both in res and non-res. We may see a little bit of weakness in housing in the Bay Area, but other than that, the private side is good and we had strong pricing California in ‘18, we will continue to see that in ‘19. Moving to Arizona, good growth strong growth in public and private res and non-res continue to be strong. We have got some big highway work that we started shipping in ‘18, it will flow all the way through ‘19, good pricing momentum. Texas, very strong highway work in Texas as Prop 1 and Prop 7 money start kicking-in in ‘19. This will benefit Vulcan both in Aggregates and Asphalt. Housing remains strong, non-res, not quite as strong, but growing. Overall good demand, very good pricing momentum. Now, Coastal Texas is particularly strong, we had seen the downturn, we are back there both on the private and the public side. Moving to the middle of the country, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Illinois probably challenged demand, not as robust as the West Coast or the East Coast. But where we are encouraged about there is our execution on price cost particularly on unit margin and I am pleased with the team’s performance and maybe even though they are facing some headwinds. Tennessee, highway work will be very good as the Improve Act starts kicking in in ‘19. We will see both Aggregates and Asphalt on those projects, very good pricing environment, we either backlog or bidding some 25 Improve Act projects now. Moving to the Southeast and that would include Georgia, South Carolina and Florida in this, very solid growth in all segments, a really strength for us and also very good pricing. North -- from there North Carolina, strong growth, again, in all segments and healthy price improvements. The highways are starting to kick up and funding is starting to pick up in North Carolina. And then Virginia, solid growth in all segments also, with prices moving up. This will be a strong year with prices, as I said earlier, moving up across every one of our markets.
Trey Grooms: All right. Thank you very much. That’s all very helpful. I will pass it on. Congrats on a good quarter.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. I wanted to actually follow up with my first question on the geographic commentary and drill down specifically into California and I was hoping that you would be able to give, if possible, a little more in the way of order of magnitude for growth on the public versus private and I am thinking within private specifically on those comments about residential. If we look at what the builders are reporting from an order standpoint, certainly some significant declines. Just curious kind of how much of that is just going to impact you guys with a lag or if there’s something else driving the offsetting strength in residential?
Tom Hill: I will start with the public side. We think Caltrans is doing a good job accelerating to SB-1 funding and the lettings. We have already backlogged over 30 projects. We are -- we know of another 15 to 20 projects that will bid in the next few months. So they are really doing a good job of getting worked out, getting it let and we are starting to see -- starting to ship that. Remember, in California, it does -- we are the largest Aggregate producer but we are also the largest Asphalt producer and these early jobs have a lot of hot mix in them. So we are very encouraged by Caltrans and how quickly they have taken that funding put in the lettings and we will see that work shift throughout 2019. On the res side, I would tell you in the vast majority of markets in California, we continue to see growth in residential. As I called out, the Bay Area maybe -- would probably be the exception to that and that we will see some weakness there, when it’s still -- the fundamentals are there and inventories are still quite low in California. Non-res, we see strength in our backlogs and our booking phase in non-res. So we think we will see growth in California in non-res in ‘19.
Mike Dahl: Okay. That’s helpful, Tom Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Mike Dahl: My second question is with respect to the guidance around Asphalt and so just hoping to understand that a bit better, I think the combined three categories you are guiding for in dollar terms an increase of something like $16 million to $22 million in gross profit. So I think there’s a comment that most of that’s driven by the Asphalt part, but can you just give us a little more detail around how much improvement to expect in Asphalt and I know you mentioned timing, but just given where Asphalt costs are currently, should we expect that that whole $54 million is recouped at some point over the next, call it, four quarters to six quarters?
Tom Hill: Well, I think, the improvement -- the 15%. 20% that Suzanne talked about in other products, the -- you are right, the majority of that is in Asphalt. Looking back a little bit ‘18 was just a really tough year for us in the Asphalt product line. We had -- wet weather didn’t help us but really we got caught with the cost of rapidly rising liquid cost which cost us over $50 million. But with the new public funding coming through strong in Vulcan markets, we are expecting to see double-digit growth in volumes in ‘19. It’s supported by backlogs and what we see bidding in highway lettings in ‘19 which is very strong. We believe that the liquid prices should stabilize, are stabilizing and we think we will see some modest improvement in unit margins as we work through ‘19. Remember we have been -- we raised prices dramatically all the way through ‘18 so we are starting to catch that. We are always behind the liquid price. We are starting to catch it now, and we should see much improved performance in the Asphalt product line in ‘19 over ‘18 driven by demand and price improvements and stabilization of pricing or cost in liquid AC.
Suzanne Wood: And I would just add to that in terms of the pricing, I -- in my remarks I had called out the fact that we had increased prices by about 6% in that Asphalt sector for the full year. But in the fourth quarter, we increased by about 7%, so you can see that that is on an accelerating trend as we are trying to catch up with those costs, the majority of which happened with big spikes in the second half of the year.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. Thank you both very much and nice results.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nishu Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Suzanne Wood: Hi. Good morning.
Nishu Sood: Thank you. I wanted to ask about the cost performance in Aggregates, you obviously had good fixed cost leverage and cost outs enough to offset rising prices, for example, diesel and other costs. As we look ahead into ‘19, should we look at the efforts in ‘18 as being more one-off efforts that might not be repeated or can you keep up the kind of pace of the cost outs in ‘19?
Tom Hill: Yeah. Look, Suzanne and I are very proud of our operating teams and their performance improving their operating disciplines in the fourth quarter and actually throughout 2018. As I mentioned in my remarks, they finished the year with a world-class safety performance, which is -- just speaks to the discipline in operating side of the business. And they actually lowered their cost in the fourth quarter and the full year in the face of dramatically rising fuel costs and probably some pretty wet conditions. I’d just say that’s just a job well done and great momentum that we carry into ‘19. As you guys know this operating discipline is a key part of our continuous quest to improve our unit margins. It’s just part of that formula and the good news I would tell you is, I don’t think our operators are done. I think they still have potential out there and I kind of know this that they are working hard to implement their 2019 execution plans, while they build on that ‘18 performance. So I just tell you, I am really pleased with our operators and encouraging them that we are not done that we will keep the momentum and improve on it in ‘19.
Suzanne Wood: And I will just add to that too. I mean when you think about our business, you can really drive it down to something pretty simple that sets us apart from others, perhaps, and that is our unit profitability. Our main goal is to drive that unit profitability, that’s something that isn’t one year initiative, as Tom said. It’s going to be something that’s ongoing because you can’t stand still with that. You have got to continue to move it forward and we have got three ways to do it, you focus on pricing, you focus on volume and then you focus on operating efficiencies, and the discipline and the accountability in each of the plans. And like Tom, I am very proud of what we have accomplished here for the year and in particular for the last few months. I especially like focusing on the operational efficiencies and driving costs at the plant level because I call that self-help. It’s something that’s within our control. It’s not something that you are waiting for that could be impacted by a number of things, not least of which is weather. So, yes, that’s an ongoing effort and it’s something, I can tell you, we think about and talk about here every single week.
Nishu Sood: Got it. No. Appreciate the color there. Second question I just wanted to ask about the volume-price relationship. I mean, obviously, there’s a pretty well established relationship there and we are seeing it in effect, but as volumes are accelerating pricing is as well. My question is we have had a much choppier environment for Aggregates volumes growth over the last couple of years versus let’s say earlier in the recovery. Does that affect the relationship between volume and pricing in any way, I mean, we have heard arguments from investors both ways, it might depress the relationship or it might enhance it. What are your thoughts on that, if there is any change from the choppiness?
Tom Hill: I think it’s really the visibility to the future is what impacts price and so that people know that there is volume coming and jobs coming they can take risk on the jobs they are bidding at that point. And that’s really important because as we move through the recovery, the public side moving up rapidly is much clear, those jobs are very public. The DOTs, everybody knows within six to 12 months of what’s going to let and how it’s letting and those lettings are increasing dramatically in our markets. That does a whole lot to give our customers and entire segment visibility to what’s coming to be able to risk price.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. And I would just add to that with respect to the highway shipments, I mean, the timing might not always be precise and crystal clear on those, but the direction of travel certainly is. It’s something that we and our customers and others in the space can get their minds around. And I think that the sales folks here really did a good job in the early fall kind of setting the tone for price increases upcoming volumes by sending out price increase letters and talking to our customers really, really early on that. Because that, if you have that conversation with your customers and everyone understands what the expectations are prior to our customers speaking to their customers and going down the chain, it just gives them the time to do what they need to do and it just creates a much better pricing environment and I think with the sequential and year-over-year pricing improvement that we saw Q3 and Q4, I think it really that was a good starting point for it.
Nishu Sood: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Hi. Good morning.
Tom Hill: Good morning Jerry. Good morning.
Suzanne Wood: Hi. Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Really nice to see pricing cadence, it’s not normal seasonality for pricing to really accelerate into the fourth quarter. So I am wondering, if you folks can expand on just the comments you made on the drivers of price acceleration into the fourth quarter of ‘18 and as I think about what ‘19 could look like as a result relative to the guide, the starting point is plus 5 and we have price increases coming over the course of ‘19. Seems like it’s pretty easy to get toward the higher end of your guidance range for pricing if that’s the cadence, I am wondering if you care to comment on that please.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I think that, first of all, I -- we are very pleased with the momentum and the pick-up. That’s what we thought was going to happen in the second year and it just goes to our visibility as I spoke to earlier of the bid work and the backlog pricing and it’s underscored with the fixed plant pricing that we saw in January and we will see in April. We have done this before. We have seen it before. We have stepped up and it just over time in sequence. So I think we feel very good about it. Whereas this past year in ‘18, was very much back-half loaded. I think we will continue to grow prices as we go through ‘19. I don’t think it will be as choppy as ‘18. I think it will be much smoother. But as we work off old work and we put new work on it will move up. Now remember, the comps will get tougher as you go throughout the year also. But -- so I would always, I think, we will see the prices ease up as we go through the year. I just don’t think it will be quite as choppy if ‘18, if I am answering your question.
Jerry Revich: Yeah. That’s helpful, Tom. Thank you. And just to take a step back in the early phases of this recovery, you folks have certainly been leading the markets from a pricing standpoint and you have highlighted at your Analyst Day that that had come at the expense of some share. Are we at a point where your share you view as normalized and we are now back to the point where we could lead the market in pricing beyond ‘19, I guess it feels like you have got pretty good momentum heading into ‘20 and I just want to make sure I understand your view of the competitive landscape, as well as we exit ‘19 at a pretty healthy pricing clip.
Tom Hill: I think whether it’s the competitive landscape or our customers, I think, what’s really going to support pricing and I am kind of repeating myself is the visibility and the clarity to the growing public work and while we will see big growth in public demand in ‘19 and solid in private, ‘20 will be more public work and ‘21 will be the more public work. Because remember in all of these states where we have seen increasing funding they have got to mature through the process and so the jobs and work are going to build as we are able to take those funds and put them to work and hopefully put them to shipments of stones. So that visibility and that growing demand was really what’s going to support price increases throughout Vulcan-served markets.
Jerry Revich: Heading into ‘20?
Tom Hill: Yes. ‘20 and ‘21.
Jerry Revich: Perfect. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Scott Schrier with Citi.
Suzanne Wood: Hi. Good morning Scott.
Scott Schrier: Hi. Good morning. I want to start off with a broad-based question on the guidance and understanding the components that go into it, volumes, price or incrementals. I am curious you have been talking about it in the past several months everybody has that we are going to be a little bit more thoughtful about the way we model weather in there that not every day is going to be a blue sky. So, with that in mind, if we have more normalized weather this year, does that mean we hit the midpoint of guidance straight and when I say normalized, I mean maybe a little bit less of the rain that we have had. Does that mean we hit the midpoint of that guidance or does that mean we are more at the high-end? I just want to see how you thought about that in the context of your guidance.
Tom Hill: You know, I think when we put the guidance together, we were thoughtful in our guidance about the weather impact knowing that the last couple of years we have seen wetter weather. I think if you look at the last two quarters, it gives me a lot of confidence in that guidance and I will give you two, three reasons why. One, the price increases continue to accelerate and we have got a lot of confidence in that. Two our sales volumes in the fourth quarter were really strong in spite of wet weather and a little -- that being said, that tells me that the contractors have got big backlogs and they have got to get work done. When the sun comes out, they got to make hay and we saw some of them really execute on that in Q4. And the third, as we talked about earlier, our operators executed with real discipline in the face of higher fuel costs and tough wet conditions in the fourth quarter and we will carry that forward. So, as we look into ‘19, I think that guidance I think we were thoughtful about weather and maybe some other headwinds and what we have to do regardless of the outside forces to make sure that we make our guidance.
Scott Schrier: Got it. That’s helpful. And for my follow-up, I want to follow up earlier on the cost question, obviously, you had very strong results in the quarter, 75% incremental. It was a pretty easy comp, so you talked about the diesel and even with that you are up on a two to -- both at for two years and three years on your cash gross profit per ton understanding 5% like-for-like pricing obviously helps. I am just curious, in this particular quarter, is there anything else that we should consider whether there is any kind of inventory build or anything in there? And then, going forward into ‘19, should we be taking into account any consideration outside of normal trends for inventory builds or stripping costs or anything of that like?
Suzanne Wood: Yes. Sure. I will -- I will try to address just your first point on whether the comps were easier or not. I mean we have talked about a lot of the pressures that we had -- cost pressures we had this year and in particular in fourth quarter those continued. Our diesel fuel pricing was actually or our diesel fuel costs were actually higher this year in fourth quarter than last year. We had, even though we didn’t call them out, because we are trying to perhaps move away a bit from calling out some of these, what I consider to be sort of relatively small items unless it’s material and unless it’s trend-worthy. So we didn’t go through a detailed weather exercise in the fourth quarter. Although, I think for those of us who watch the weather channel obsessively it certainly was pretty wet in fourth quarter. So I think again with $5 million more in diesel fuel with some disruption from rail where we had to truck items around quarter-over-quarter, I think, that that increase in EBITDA of $53 million was pretty real. I am not sure that I would necessarily consider that to be the easiest comp in the whole wide world. You also raised the question on inventory in the fourth quarter and what we did with respect to that, and look, our inventory is based on production planning that we do every single week. We put together that production plan based on the demand picture that we see what is in our backlog and what we expect very near-term shipments to be. And so, in the quarter we had a very slight inventory build, it was around 3 million tons or so, the delta between Q4 ‘17 and Q4 ‘18 and that had less than -- certainly less than a $10 million impact. It is mostly fixed cost that you are talking about. So pretty minor stuff with respect to that and again it was on the basis of what we expected those really near-term shipments to be and I am glad we did it. Tom, do you have anything to add?
Tom Hill: No. I think you covered that well. Thank you.
Scott Schrier: Great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate all the detail and the color, and then, obviously, congrats on a strong finish to a challenging year and good luck.
Suzanne Wood: Okay. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today.
Suzanne Wood: Hi Kathryn.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Kathryn Thompson: Good morning. One is just a follow-up on California, and it really has to do more with conversations that we have had with a variety of different industry contacts in the state certainly are seeing a good flow of infrastructure projects, but leading into the November it’s our impression that we are really now seeing more the benefits of local measures and haven’t really seen the full effect of SB-1, would love to get your color on that commentary and your thoughts on the local measure versus seeing the SB-1 momentum right now. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I think your question was, are we seeing the impact of SB-1 and the local measures or either, what’s the question?
Kathryn Thompson: Are you seeing -- yeah. Are you seeing a greater impact of local measures right now and is there really more to come with SB-1, I mean...
Tom Hill: Yeah. So the answer to your question is, we are seeing both the impact of local measures and SB-1 and in those projects, there is some of the local measures that I named, the 30 projects that we backlogged and the 15 or 20 that we will bid in the next couple of months, so both of those -- both local measures and SB-1are flowing through. I think the bigger impact right now that we have seen in the projects we backlogged has been SB-1. But remember there’s $46 million of that is locals that are coming. So you are right to point out that they will really -- they will start to -- they will start to impact ‘19 though you have much bigger impact in ‘20 and 21 along with SB-1.
Kathryn Thompson: Perfect. Thank you. Just wanted to get an update on Aggregates USA integration and really focusing on what progress you are seeing with the revenue synergies that you had outlined previously really realistically would be fitting in ‘19 into ‘20, but if you could you just give an update on revenue synergy progress with Aggregates USA? Thank you.
Tom Hill: So you know first of all, we continue to be really, really happy with that acquisition. It’s a great strategic fit between their distribution network, our distribution network, their quarries and our quarries and how we piece all of those pieces of the puzzle together. Our execution has been very successful. We are actually ahead of the planned -- quite a bit ahead of the plan on unit margins. We had -- as you know, we had some rail service issues that we experienced in ‘18 that hurt us, but we think we put most of that behind us and as we look at Ag USA, we think ‘19 is shaping up to be a very good year to take full advantage of the synergies between all those operations.
Kathryn Thompson: Great. Thank you so much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Garik Shmois with Longbow.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Garik.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning, Garik.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Good morning. Congratulation on the quarter.
Tom Hill: Thanks.
Garik Shmois: Yeah. I just want to nitpick a little bit on the volume guidance of 3% to 5%. It is a little bit less than the 6% same store volumes that you put up in 2018. So I just kind of want of reconcile some of the bullishness that you are expressing particularly on the public side versus the expected volume growth in 2019. Just wondering -- I know you had some large project shipments in I think Illinois, Arizona, just wondering if there’s maybe some timing issues that might be weighing on the potential growth in 2019 or if there is any labor constraints or anything else that you might be able to call out that is underpinning the guidance?
Tom Hill: As I have talked about in the range, I think, we try to be very thoughtful as we went into ‘19 about both weather -- maybe wetter weather or weather issues, also as you just called out, very thoughtful on the timing of large projects. So -- and so that we wouldn’t maybe have to have those big swings. But I think that we are confident in that guidance. We feel good about it. The private side continues to be healthy. We see growth across our footprint in the private side and the public side, as we said, that’s -- it’s our best estimate, educated estimate of the timing of those projects with new funding. As always, that can accelerate or slip and so that would be the delta in the range and also, like I said, we have had wet weather for the last two years and we try to be thoughtful about that also.
Garik Shmois: Okay, understood. And just a follow-up, just on volumes and just the cadences as you expect it to progress over the course of the year, understanding you don’t provide quarterly guidance. But you do have some tougher comparisons in the middle of the year. So just wondering if maybe you can maybe help us with expectations on how the volumes are expected to progress.
Tom Hill: I don’t see ‘19 as a cadence any different from any other year. The first quarter is always just dicey and so weather dependent. Second quarter we start to build as the construction season comes on. Third quarter is usually the strongest quarter, obviously, we have gotten blown up a few -- for the last couple of years with hurricanes. But we -- and then the fourth quarter again can be very good if you carry weather forward. So I wouldn’t see the changing any at all, and I think, we have got backlogs of good solid both public and private jobs, some of which are large -- some of which are large and we are already shipping. So I think that we may have a little bit better clarity on the timing of large projects than maybe we had in ‘17 or ‘18, but the cadence through the year of shipments, I wouldn’t expect any big changes to it.
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. I will just add to that. I agree with what Tom said as part of coming in relatively new here. One of the things that I spent time looking at is really how -- I looked at it not just on a revenues basis but also from an EBITDA basis in terms of what is the phasing during the year. You are right, we don’t give quarterly guidance, but I found it interesting that if you go back for a three year historical period or a five year historical period and you sort of look at how these things -- how our business phases by quarter. It’s actually a much more narrow band than you might think it is. So I would encourage you to go back and just have a look at it in that historical way. Yes, there will always be some puts and takes between quarters but it’s a bit tighter than you might think.
Garik Shmois: Okay. We will do that. Thanks again and best of luck.
Suzanne Wood: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey guys.
Suzanne Wood: Hi. Good morning, Phil.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Phil Ng: Good morning. You are expecting a pretty noticeable uptick in pricing for your Aggregates business. But if pricing falls let’s say a little short, closer to the lower end of the range that you have highlighted. Do you have enough levers on the efficiency front to kind of deliver your 60% incremental margin target?
Tom Hill: Short answer to your question is yes. And I feel a lot more confident about that based on the performance of our operators and their improvement in efficiencies in the second half of 2018. They worked very hard on focusing on those efficiencies, particularly in our larger operations and now we are carrying it through all of our operations as we head into ‘19. So I think we feel very confident that our cost will pull-through no matter -- that our costs will come in as expected, no matter what gets thrown at us, and quite candidly that’s what our operators will tell you their job is.
Phil Ng: Okay. That’s excellent. And I guess, when you think about government shutdown risk, that’s obviously dissipating right now, but how do you think about the prospect that the two parties come together and get an infrastructure bill negotiated this year and what’s the risk that projects get delayed on the public side next year with funding winding down on the federal side by 2020 if no new bill gets passed? Thanks.
Tom Hill: The short answer is shutdown was really no impact. We had a few states that pushed jobs back about a few months into later lettings, but really no impact on us, and as you know, the Feds already distributed the funding for ‘19. On the federal highway bill what we know this, is that House T&I Chairman Peter DeFazio is working hard on an infrastructure bill. DeFazio wants to solve the Highway Trust Fund issue. We for sure want to support him in that and our country needs that. So the need is there, both parties want this to happen. But I wouldn’t venture to guess what’s going to happen with that yet. Now if -- as we go into ‘20 and we have seen -- I don’t see any pushback or problems with the FAST Act in ‘20. If you get to the end of it, it runs out, the Feds are not going to let funding go down they are not going to let it to be unfunded. Now that gives some -- I believe in ‘21 that will give some -- maybe some short-term views for problems for DOTs. But remember you also have massive state and local funding improvements and as we called out in the prepared remarks, the federal highway bill is $45 million. That’s not going to go away, but in our markets -- per year, but in our markets, $45 billion, excuse me, but in our markets you have an improvement of another $20 billion per year that’s just now starting to flow through in increase. So I am always worried about the Highway Trust Fund. It’s something we work hard on. It’s something everybody needs. But I think we will be fine as long as our federal government works hard to fix that problem and it may take some time and some effort to fix, but I believe it will be fixed.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Suzanne Wood: Hi. Good morning.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning guys. Thank you all for fitting me in. Quick question, when you talk about the CapEx piece and you mentioned kind of the extra $200 million of growth CapEx. How long do you foresee that -- the plans, I guess, on a go-forward basis, because at some point, right? I mean you are going to be close to the low end of your leverage target by the end of this year. Certainly by next year for sure and depending upon kind of that swing flex piece on the CapEx side, it could leave you guys in a pretty interesting situation?
Suzanne Wood: No. That’s right and good for you for getting to that math quickly. You are right. If you run that through we will be well within that that 2 times to 2.5 times adjusted EBITDA debt band that we always talk about or leverage brand. I think it’s management’s responsibility to make sure that we have a good balance sheet structure and we have a responsible, somewhat conservative leverage target. I believe we absolutely have those in place. I think it’s also our responsibility to create as much flexibility and optionality as we can for the company and I think being well within that leverage target certainly gets us there. If we find ourselves approaching the low end of the leverage band or even outside it, as we go forward, what we would, I mean, we will go back to our capital allocation priorities. I mean that’s really why we have those in place and there is a priority waterfall to them which is investing in our same-store growth. It is the least risky and it is the most profitable for us. Then we look to internal growth projects that are high returning. Then we potentially look to M& A being very disciplined in our approach to that. It’s got to be strategic and it’s got to add value to the company and have a high return and failing that then we have the opportunity to return excess cash to shareholders. So I think our view now is that we want to set ourselves up to have that flexibility and optionality with the cash and as we begin to approach that point, I am sure at the board level, we will have -- be having discussions about exactly how to invest that cash and how to distribute it in such a way that we will drive shareholder value and so I would characterize it as a quality problem to have.
Stanley Elliott: Yeah. No doubt. And then last one, do we still think about kind of the business kind of the 255 million tons kind of a mid-cycle number or normalized number that equates to $8.25 cash gross profit per ton or have those numbers changed either through internal efficiencies, better logistics, a larger footprint, anything like that would be helpful.
Tom Hill: Fundamentally, we still think about it the same way. I think if you would ask us five years ago, where are you on that curve, I would tell you a tale of two different answers. One I think we would have thought that some of the public would have come on earlier and we may be a little ahead, we would have been a little bit ahead of volume. If you look to unit margins, based on where we are with these volumes, we are ahead of the curve I think and moving up rapidly. So, but fundamentally the answer to your question is yes that’s still the way we look at it.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. Thank you. Appreciate it. Best of luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks guys.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: Good morning and congrats on a great Q4.
Tom Hill: Thank you, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: I wanted to zero in on the M&A pipeline first, Tom, do you think this is a good environment, I mean the privates want to sell right now and then are you seeing large companies for sale small companies for sale or both?
Tom Hill: I don’t -- the timing of that is always you got to watch whatever comes up when it comes up and you can’t control the timing of M&A projects. There are some buzzers around out there. We are always looking at those. But it goes back to our simple answer which is discipline, choose the markets you want to be in, what are the synergies that are unique to Vulcan, what can we do with it, make sure you buy it at a price that is reasonable and once you get it, make sure you integrate it effectively, efficiently and fast. So we are always looking, there is always something bubbling out there, but the timing of that and the disciplines are key.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then also wanted to ask you about the Texas Gulf Coast, you mentioned that quickly, but can you give us some additional color on what you are seeing there and what impact that could have on your business in ‘19 and ‘20?
Tom Hill: Yeah. So Houston really saw a downturn in ‘17 -- kind of late ‘16 early into ‘17. It has rebounded both on the public side, and then in Texas you also got added to that massive funding in highway projects throughout Texas, many of those are along the Gulf Coast, including the best part in Houston. So economy and demand in Gulf Coast and in Houston will be very healthy we think in ‘19 and ‘20 driven by both the public side and the private side. Now there are also along the Gulf Coast both in Texas and Louisiana there’s a lot of projects in the pipeline at various stages of development from an energy perspective, particularly LNG and refinery expansion. We are tracking 10 of those projects right now in Louisiana and Texas. It’s a little early predict for ‘19 when -- at where we are in ‘19, when those projects will ship. Now these tend to be very large, very fast projects that are right in our wheelhouse because of our unique Blue Water capability and the massive delivery you can do in one swath with those 60,000 tons ships. We believe we will see a lot of these projects start in the next two to three years. We may see a little bit of that in volume at the end of the second half of ‘19, but I wouldn’t make a call on that at this point. But it’s in the pipeline and we will follow it and we think they are going to go but the timing and that’s permeating in all those kinds of things we just wait and see, but good stuff to come along the Louisiana and Texas Coast.
Adam Thalhimer: Perfect. Thanks Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Great. Thanks.
Suzanne Wood: Good morning.
Tom Hill: Hi, Brent.
Brent Thielman: Good morning. May be back on the growth CapEx, if you sort of look at the slate of other internal things you could be doing over the next 12 months. I am curious sort of the sensitivity to that estimate for the year, could it be far too modest if you just pull a trigger on a few of those items, call it, prospective kind of near-term investments?
Suzanne Wood: Yeah. No. It’s a very good question, I mean, again, we went through that thoughtfully, we went sort of project-by-project talking about the ones we might kick off in ‘19. Although, I will tell you a lot of the money set aside for ‘19 is really to finish off projects that were begun in ‘17 and ‘18 because some of those are sort of what I will call long lived projects, particularly as it relates to opening new quarries in markets that are going to be really important to us like California, South Carolina and Texas. So we have put together what we think is an appropriate level of guidance in spending $200 million, we will look at if other projects are brought to us to look at that we think might be incredibly meaningful and returns enhancing to the customer, I mean, to our company then we will certainly consider that and we will keep you updated on that as we go forward through the quarter, but we are pretty comfortable with the $200 million that we have given at this point for ‘19.
Tom Hill: Yeah. I’d add to that that remember these -- the greenfield projects are some of our highest returns. They are like an -- they take a long time to do. They are very expensive to get permitted and get up and take years, but once you get them, it’s decades and decades long quarry. They look like an acquisition without paying the blue sky. They also take a little longer to ramp up, but once you get one of those quarries developed, the returns are quite enhancing.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Appreciate that. And then maybe a follow-up back on Asphalt, I think, Suzanne, you mentioned sort of this gradual impact of offsetting the higher liquid asphalt costs as you go through these contracts. This isn’t -- you guys have been through this many times before obviously. But would 2019 look any different than past cycles where you have seen these costs fluctuate maybe because of jobs you are working on are larger than usual?
Tom Hill: I wouldn’t think they look a lot different from past cycles. I have seen too many of these to count I think. But I wouldn’t say you look a lot different than other cycles. The big question is, we have seen liquids stabilize. We think it will maybe stay at where it is or maybe come up a little bit in the year, but not the big spike in ramp up that we saw through ‘18 and in doing that you will have that time which we are already catching up on to raise prices and get that material margin where it ought to be. I think we are already seeing that. I believe that based on our hot mix prices and our liquid prices, but I’d also tell you, the first quarter is a tough barometer there because the Asphalt business is just tough in the first quarter. The weather keeps just cold and wet so it keeps just -- so the tale of that will be how do we -- how does that come across in Q2 and we will have obviously better visibility of that when we get to the end of the first quarter.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: At this time I’d like to turn the call back over to Tom Hill for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you. Suzanne and I are very proud of the performance our operators and our teams did in the fourth quarter and the second half of ‘18. We carried that momentum into ‘19 and it gives us a lot of confidence in our guidance. But we want to thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials and we look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Thanks for joining us today.
Suzanne Wood: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co. J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co. Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.
Analysts: Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Michael Wood - Instinet LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Matt and I will be your conference call coordinator today. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. And now I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and Suzanne Wood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to call your attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website, vulcanmaterials.com. You can access this presentation from the Investor Relations home page of the website. A recording of this call will be available for replay at our website later today. Additionally, you can sign up to receive future news releases under e-mail alerts found in the quick links of the Investor Relations homepage. Please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with the other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of the supplemental presentation. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest in our company. I'm very pleased to have Suzanne Wood on the call today. Suzanne joined us as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in early September and has quickly proved to be a strong addition to our senior leadership team. Welcome, Suzanne. Let me get right to the notable things about the quarter. We saw strong Aggregates shipments underpinned by growing public demand, and in the face of bad weather, our operating disciplines were extremely good, and I'm proud of our peoples' execution. Aggregates pricing continue to march higher. This coupled with our disciplined cost control resulted in same-store unit profitability increasing 8% to $5.45 per ton. We achieved a 15% same-store increase in gross profit, while delivering same-store flow-through of incremental Aggregates revenue of 65%. The extreme bad weather we experienced was and is a short-term disruption. These disruptions have had no long-term impact on underlying demand, on pricing dynamics, or on flow-through of incremental revenue to gross profit. The third quarter bodes well for the future. Prices continue to escalate. With improved flow-throughs, all of which is supported by growing demand. Total revenues increased by 13%, reflecting growth in Aggregates volumes and Aggregates selling prices. All of this contribute to a 65% increase in net earnings and a 13% increase in adjusted EBITDA. We obviously had extreme wet weather from – and flooding in the Carolinas and Virginia from Hurricane Florence and Tropical Storm Gordon caused record rain days in Dallas and San Antonio. We believe the severe weather negatively affected third quarter results with a loss of some 2.5 million tons of Aggregates and related flooding costs. We estimate that the pre-tax loss due to weather to be approximately $27 million in the quarter. Now, I'd like to move on to the core drivers of profitability in the business, ex-weather. We continue to see growth in private demand, but we're really excited about the strengthening public sector. Highway construction demand is strengthening across the country, but much more so in our markets. We're now seeing the conversion of public funding in the shipments, and this showed up in 10% growth in our quarterly Aggregates shipments and a 6% on a same-store basis. While these are strong growth numbers, they're particularly strong given the severe weather we experienced. However, we are still below normalized demand levels, much less the next peak. As we've said all along this year, price increases will continue to climb throughout the year and throughout 2019. Average selling prices in the quarter, adjusted for mix, rose more than 3% on a year-over-year basis, and approximately 50 basis points over the second quarter. As we look at our booking pace and backlogs, we will continue to see good upward trends in pricing. Our discussions with customers on price increases for 2019 are encouraging. Our preliminary view is that the pricing will improve mid-single-digit in 2019, reflecting the positive momentum we're seeing today. Turning to same-store cost and flow-throughs, our freight-adjusted unit cost per sales declined 2%. This cost leverage and other operating efficiencies more than offset a 28% increase in diesel fuel and operating inefficiencies caused by bad weather. Again, we're very pleased with the way our operating discipline has enabled solid improvement in unit gross profit, despite difficult conditions. Regarding outlook for the fourth quarter, we would expect three things; one, shipment growth similar to that of the third quarter; two, prices to continue improving; and three, we expect the operating disciplines you saw in the third quarter to continue, allowing for over 60% flow-through, consistent with our long-term trends. Given what we accomplished in the third quarter and how things are going in the fourth quarter, we've set ourselves up well for 2019, and here is why. I am pleased with underlying demand growth and corresponding volume growth, driven by growing public demand in our markets. And as we approach 2019, our DOTs continue to pull tax revenues into job starts, which is translating into Aggregates shipments. Our backlogs and booking pace continue to grow. The fact that pricing and our backlog and bookings continues to increase along with positive 2019 fixed plant pricing conversations, gives us confidence in the continued accelerating pricing trends into 2019. The progress we made in our operating cost execution also reinforces our confidence in realizing continuous compounding improvements in unit margin, and 60% flow-throughs in 2019 and beyond. And now, I'll turn it over to Suzanne for a more detailed review of the numbers. Suzanne?
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. Let me begin by saying that I am delighted to be part of the Vulcan team. In the eight weeks that I've been on board, it's clear to me that this is a great company, a market leader with strong culture and business model. I look forward to working with Tom and others as we continue to improve our business and to sharing that progress with you. Today I'd like to cover several topics starting with an overview of third quarter results. You've heard some of the highlights from Tom, but I think a few are important enough to reemphasize. Next, I'll touch on our Aggregates flow-through of incremental revenue to gross profit and that improving trend. Third, I'll review our full-year outlook, as well as share some preliminary thoughts on 2019. And finally, I'll give a quick update on our strong balance sheet, cash flow generation, and capital allocation priorities. Now, as Tom mentioned, despite the challenges of the quarter, we realized double-digit growth in earnings. Our Aggregates shipment volume, average selling price, flow-through rate, and unit profitability improved. Shipments of Aggregates were strong in many of our key markets, and our mix-adjusted price improved both year-over-year and sequentially. Our strong same-store Aggregates flow-through rate in the quarter helped to drive gross profit per ton higher. These results demonstrate the strength of our Aggregates-focused business, even when we experienced cost pressures and wet weather. And unlike most industrial businesses, our main raw material is the rock in the ground, which is unaffected by inflation. Our operating leverage and efficiencies drive profitability by helping to offset cost pressures like diesel fuel. For example, during our third quarter, our unit cost of diesel fuel rose by 28% compared to the prior year and impacted the results by $8 million. Despite this, same-store unit cost of sales for Aggregates declined by 2%, and unit profitability increased by 8%. Now, with respect to bad weather, as Tom stated earlier, we estimate that this quarter's results were negatively affected by approximately $27 million on a pre-tax basis. As a reminder, we had about $30 million of storm-related costs in last year's third quarter. Since the impact from weather in the comparative quarters is broadly similar, the effect on this year's flow-through is not particularly significant. Our same-store flow-through target is 60% on a trailing 12-month basis. It was therefore pleasing to see our year-to-date same-store flow-through rate move up to 52%, another step in the right direction toward our goal. Given the underlying and ongoing improvement in our business, we expect continuing margin growth and unit margin improvement. We remain keenly focused on the cost control efficiencies and operating leverage that drive this flow-through number. While there are a number of things in our business that we can't control like weather, diesel prices, or the exact timing of when a large highway project starts, we can control our costs and we can drive our per-ton margin metrics higher. The next topic I'll touch on relates to our 2018 outlook and some preliminary thoughts for 2019. First, 2018, we now expect adjusted EBITDA of $1.125 billion to $1.135 billion. In our core segment, Aggregates, same-store volume growth in the fourth quarter should be similar to the level of increase experienced in the third quarter. Additionally, as Tom emphasized, there will be upward movement in pricing. Aggregates' unit profitability will continue to improve. Moving on to the Asphalt segment, we now expect full-year gross profit to be $25 million lower than the prior year as a result of liquid asphalt prices, which rose sharply again in the third quarter, up 29% versus the prior year. Average selling prices in the Asphalt segment are moving up, but will only partially offset the impact of more expensive liquid asphalt for the balance of the year. Our full-year expectation of profitability for the Concrete segment remains unchanged. And finally, the outlook for other major expense lines such as SAG expense, interest expense and DD&A expense remains unchanged. After further review of our 2018 capital spending plans, we now anticipate that operating and maintenance capital expenditure will be $225 million rather than $250 million. Our growth CapEx will reduce from $350 million to $300 million. These capital spending reductions are part of our ongoing view to reevaluate the merits and timing of the individual projects. Using these assumptions, we now expect our 2018 after-tax cash flow from earnings to be approximately $810 million. Moving on to 2019, please keep in mind that we are in the midst of our planning and budgeting process. As we have in the past, we'll provide more specific guidance when we report fourth quarter earnings, but for today, felt it would be appropriate to share some early thoughts. Tom has already commented on the attractive public and private demand picture and we anticipate mid-single digit growth in both Aggregates volume and pricing. Our views here are supported by what we're seeing both in backlogs and the pace at which we are booking new business. In conclusion, I'll address our balance sheet strength and capital allocation priorities. We are committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit rating, strong balance sheet structure, and debt leverage between 2 times and 2.5 times EBITDA. Currently, our weighted average debt maturity is 16 years, and our weighted average interest rate is 4.5%. This debt profile, together with our strong cash flow gives us the flexibility to sensibly manage our business. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged, and we will be disciplined in the use of that capital, always seeking to improve our returns and shareholder value. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Tom for some closing remarks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Suzanne. I'm proud of our peoples' performance in the third quarter. They delivered impressive results under tough circumstances. We continued our sharp focus on all aspects of operational excellence, including our safety performance where our year-to-date injury rate is 0.91 per 200,000 employee hours worked, which is world-class. In the third quarter, we made solid progress toward our longer-term goals. And as we look to 2019, we're confident that we will continue to gain momentum in compounding improving price increases, and in our operating disciplines that drive cost improvements, both of which continue to grow unit margins. Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will first hear from Trey Grooms with Stephens, Inc.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Tom and Suzanne.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Trey.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: A quick question on the price acceleration that you've been seeing. I mean, you guys have been calling for that for most of the year. And here we're starting to see that come through and it sounds like that's going to continue into 2019. Can you just kind of talk about some of the drivers you're seeing there that's behind some of that acceleration?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure. If you step back and look at our pricing momentum in our business, it's clearly improving. We like the continued growth that we're seeing in price increases. Now, we expect, as we talked about in the – all through the year, we expect pricing increases to continue to step up quarter-over-quarter. And you saw that between Q2 and Q3, and it's really – that's really the basis of that is the continued improvement on price increases on bid work. We can see it in our backlogs. We see it in our booking paces. And as you kind of go through the individual markets, you can watch it just inch up week-over-week, month-over-month. Now, Trey, we'll see a bigger jump in January, as most of our price increases for fixed plant work go into effect at that point. Those conversations are happening as we speak with those fixed plant customers for 2019. We're very encouraged by those conversations. The preliminary view, as we said, would be mid-single digit. Obviously, we'll give you a lot more clarity of that in February, but underpinning all of this, and we talk about this a lot, is a visibility to big and more and more public work that's coming. We're starting to ship a lot of those jobs, so people are feeling good and have confidence in the market. They have good visibility. Diesel prices and logistics costs, we're starting to overcome those and that just widens our moat. So, as we step back and look at it, our price increases are clearly moving up.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: All right. Thanks for that, Tom, that's helpful. And then you're looking for volume and, it sounds like, demand trends in 4Q to look similar to 3Q. Can you give us any ideas what you guys are seeing specifically in October with that at least coming close to a close here?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure. I would tell you that the momentum we have had in Q3 is carrying right into Q4. I'll say it right up front, we try to be thoughtful about how many shipping days are available in Q4 to make up the postponed work from the weather in Q3. Texas continued to be wet all through October. But when the sun came out in Texas, we've shipped strong. Now the rest of the country has been very strong and it just underpins the strength of our underlying demand in our markets. When we got dry weather, we're shipping. Prices on bid work continue to move up. I think the operations execution we saw in Q3 clearly carried into October. So, we should see not only that volume momentum go into Q4, we should also carry that unit margin improvement momentum into Q4. And this really sets us up good for 2019 kind of along all those disciplines.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I'll just add a couple of comments to that on Q4. You're right, the guidance does imply an uplift of about 22% year-over-year, and obviously that's going to be driven by the things that Tom mentioned. When we looked at the volume in the quarter, it's about in line with what we experienced in the third quarter in terms of sort of 6% same-store volume in the Aggregates segment. We've got the gradual step-up in price, and we've also – we are assuming that flow-throughs will be good and unit profitability will improve. As Tom said, I think the keyword here is thoughtful. We're sitting here at the end of October talking about guidance for the full year and giving some preliminary view to next year, so we tried to really be thoughtful about the guidance we were given. We've got pretty much of October behind us. We only have one more day to go. So, any of the trends that we saw strength across the country, perhaps a little bit of wetness in Texas early in the quarter, we – or early in the month, we have already factored that into the guidance.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks for that color, Suzanne. That was good. And then lastly for me and I'll pass it on is, you mentioned, Suzanne, capital spending, operating and maintenance CapEx dialing that back a little bit from $250 million to $225 million, and I think growth from $350 million to $300 million. And do you have any preliminary view, and I know there was some commentary, maybe a quarter or two ago, but just any update on how to think about those two pieces of CapEx as we look into 2019?
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Not really. I mean, we are still in the early stages of our planning and budgeting. I guess if I had to say something on a very, very preliminary basis, it would be in terms of the operating and maintenance side. That will probably be relatively in line with what you will have seen us spend this year with respect to growth CapEx. And actually – we're actually having a big roundtable discussion about that here next week, so I think it would be a little bit preliminary to give you a guide on that, other than to say that as we had indicated, we had a number of projects on line for growth spending this year. And if I had to give you a directional comment one way or the other, I would not expect it to be quite as high next year, but we'll firm that up when we give fourth quarter guidance. Does that help?
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Absolutely. Thanks a lot, Suzanne. Thanks, Tom, and I'll pass it on. Look forward to seeing you guys next week.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Great.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Jerry.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and Suzanne, welcome.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Thank you.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I wonder, Suzanne, I'd love to hear as you step up into your new role, can you just talk about the strategic priorities that you see for the organization over the next 12 months? I guess, how should we think about the opportunity set relative to the items that you're most focused on over the next year?
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, absolutely. That's a fair question and I'll try to give you a couple of examples of that. I mean, first and foremost, our strategic focus needs to be on improving our business, and when I say that to be specific that means improving our unit profitability. So all the actions you see us take with respect to pricing improvements, with respect to improving efficiencies across all of our plants with respect to any other initiatives we put in place, it's all around driving that unit profitability. And in addition to that, making sure that when we are deploying our capital, we are doing it in a very disciplined and thoughtful way to drive an appropriate return on that. So, really getting sort of into things with operations. It's something I love doing and I plan on working hard to try to help the field identify some of those unit profitability improvements and getting those into place. And then in addition to that, just making sure that all of that hard work converts into a good cash flow stream, I think is key. So, those are the priorities. I hope that's helpful and I look forward to updating you on those and talking about those as we go through the year.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Sure. I appreciate it. And then in terms of – as you look across the business performance in the quarter, really strong organic growth despite the storms. Can you just give us a flavor for the breadth of disparity in markets that you're seeing, what the low end of the growth curve look like and are there any significant outliers on the high end that are contributing to the strong shipment growth on an organic basis?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I'll take a shot at that. We talked a little bit about that in the geographic mix and price. And so we saw big shipments on large, particularly public work jobs in Arizona, Alabama and Illinois. We would take those jobs every day but they are at lower prices and therefore lower corresponding unit margins. At the same time, we got hit a little bit with weather in Virginia and in North Carolina, which are both higher price and higher margin. So all that mix was in there, but you're going to have mix at any time in this, I think. But if you look across our footprint, Jerry, we're seeing prices go up pretty much across our footprint. I think in the third quarter, I was very pleased with the breadth of operating improvements and kind of everybody's unit margin improving. And to make this thing happen, you want the whole group to go up at the same time and just move everything up a notch. And you've seen us do this before. And I think you saw the beginning of that in Q3 and we look – I think we're taking that right into Q4 and 2019.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And, Tom, you folks have been prudent in assuming SB1 as part of the business outlook in California until the money starts being spent. If SB1 stays in the mix after Election Day, what sort of magnitude of upside should we be thinking about to the preliminary volume guidance that you folks are laying out here?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, as you know, that's more than a doubling effect of funding in California for highway funding is what SB1 is. We're already seeing – that work is already being lapped. We won't see any those of jobs this year. But we'll see a fair amount of that flow through in 2019, both in Aggregates and in Asphalt. I'll remind you, we have the leading positions in both product lines. But I'll just address SB1 if you want me to.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Please.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: We're really encouraged by the support we see at SB1. There is an enormous effort to defeat Prop 6 in California. And if you watch the World Series, you even saw TV ads for defeating Prop 6 in California. People in California want their roads fixed and they're tired of it. Ironically, there's 15 local ballot initiatives in California on – right now in November for increasing infrastructure funding. So, supporting SB1 is just the right thing to do. Remember, we've already collected almost $5 billion in taxes that will flow through in 2019 and 2020. On top of that, there's another $1.5 billion per year in local funding. So, as you've heard us say before, California is growing. It's going to grow with or without SB1. SB1 is the right thing to do, and we're very encouraged by the support we've seen from Californians for SB1.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And Tom just to clarify, so if the repeal effort is defeated, that would be a significant tailwind. In other words, it's not already assumed in your guidance. Correct?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And next we will hear from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Glad you provided outlook.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, and welcome Suzanne, looking forward to working with you.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you. You as well.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Glad you provided – yeah. Appreciate the outlook on pricing and volumes for 2019. Can you kind of provide some color on the buildup of how you're thinking about public versus private, and could you see some upside in some of this pen-up demand given the weather drag you've seen this year?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. So, I think I would characterize that as solid, private very much growing public, and the public is really driven by highway funding, which we have a lot of visibility to. And we're just starting to touch the tip of the iceberg on flow through of all that funding, because remember it always takes two years for it to flow through. So, the demand we see is really public driven. But if you'll allow me to, I'd like to just kind of cover 2019 while we're on it. If we step back and look at it from a broad point-of-view, remember we're still – as I said earlier, we're still in the – we have long way to go to normalized demand much less peak, particularly with this much public funding coming on. We gave you mid-single digit price and volume. The business performance in Q3 gives us a lot of momentum going into Q4 and into 2019. Backlogs are at much higher levels and at higher prices, so is our booking pace. As we said earlier, the conversations on fixed plant increases for January of 2019 have gone very well. And I would summarize it to say that our – you're really seeing our profit engine start to accelerate. I would – kind of to Suzanne's point about strategy, I'd point to four key factors. One, our markets are going to grow faster than the rest of the country really because of our geographic advantage, but also our customer service and what we're – our visibility to backlogs and very large jobs that are booked are coming. Second point is, as Suzanne said, we expect to deliver expanding unit margins with good flow-throughs, drivers which will be, A, compounding price improvements; B, operating leverage with higher volumes; and C, our operating efficiencies that you saw in Q3. Third one, as you talked about, conversion of earnings into cash flows. And the fourth one was our disciplined approach to capital deployment. We're really focused on getting the full value out of our acquisitions and capturing the synergies that are available. We'll come back with guidance in February and a lot clearer view from your volume perspective, as we get kind of through the fourth quarter we got a better view of where these projects stand, particularly large highway projects and large non-res projects. And so, we'll just have a clearer picture at that point. But this is, our core structure's clear and it's really the same model you've seen from us deliver before.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I'll add just a little bit to that as well. I mean, coming in new, I try to look at it from what are we hearing on the macro front. We look at some of the same drivers that all of you on the call do, the ABI, the Dodge Momentum Index and various other measurement points. I would call your attention to one slide that is in the supplemental information we prepared. It comes from Dodge Analytics. I'm a big – I'm impressed with the information they provide having used it a lot in my past life. But on page eight in the slide deck, it shows the year-over-year change in trailing 12 months in terms of highway award dollars, and it separates that into what that picture of improvement looks like in the markets that we serve versus all the other markets. And as Tom mentioned, in the markets we serve, there is a significant increase in highway award dollars there. So where we are geographically does help us quite a bit from the macro perspective. And I think that we have many touch points on the ground, our plant managers, our sales people, other employees, our customers and so we want to make sure that we listen to what they're telling us. I think that as a complement to the macro data, you can't overlook what you're hearing on the ground and that provides you with a lot of intelligence as well. And so we're getting good indicators from those people as well. So, what we have heard on the ground isn't inconsistent in any way with macro.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: That's really helpful color. I mean, I think your stock is unfairly being kind of being beat up a bit on housing concerns. So Tom, if there is a view out there that hasn't moved sideways and just given the backlog and visibility you have on public, how do you think about growth the next years? I mean, how confident you are in terms of kind of sustaining that mid-single digit run rate the next few years in light of maybe some softening on the private side of things?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: So let's back up Q3, we saw that momentum. Q4, we're in October. We're seeing that growth momentum. I would describe the private side as solid. I would describe the public side is growing, and we're turning those rapidly-growing public funding and Aggregates shipments now, which we've been waiting for a while. But if you look at states like Georgia, Texas, South Carolina Tennessee, California, just to name a few, there's big, big public demand growth. So I think if we step back and let's put it in a little different perspective. If you look at nine of our states, which constitute over 80% of our revenues, the highway funding and local initiative funding in those states is up $20 billion per year. And most of those shipments haven't hit us yet. We haven't converted those tax revenues into shipments. And if you put that on a – compared to a federal bill, that would be an increase of almost 50% in a federal bill in just nine states. So that's a sea change in public funding and it's just now starting to flow through, so it'll flow through, it'll continue to increase in 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022. But this is a big deal and it underpins our confidence in the markets and the demand in those markets.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: That's really helpful. And just one last one for me. Some of the mix headwinds you called out in 3Q, do you expect some of that dissipating in the fourth quarter, and how should we think about mix going into 2019? And, obviously, early in the year you called out some lag between pricing for ship and quoted pricing. Is that kind of largely behind you at this point? Thanks a lot.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'll take big jobs in any market I got any time. I think what we – what you're seeing though is with good weather in Virginia and North Carolina in October, we've shipped very well. So those are not a matter of I don't want to see a decrease in shipments in Alabama, Arizona or Illinois, but I think you're starting to see that volume, that pent-up demand ship in places like North Carolina and Virginia even Georgia.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, I wanted to ask you a question around the 2019 guide and more conceptually around kind of how you're approaching things relating to obviously last year having some major storm impacts, this year having some major storm impacts. As you're looking at the guide for 2019, what are you taking into account as far as weather? Is it status quo, which will be kind of the new normal in terms of you're going to have some extreme weather year-to-year, or is there some different way that you're thinking about it looking into next year?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: How do you know the conversations we're having right now? Actually, we're just working through that, and that's a great question and one that, if you look at the mid-single digit volume, I would tell you we have solid confidence in that. How we vary from that will be timing of – as I said earlier, timing of large jobs. We've still got to step back and look at weather effect and how that works, which is extremely hard to do, but we'll get through it. And I think we'll give you a much clearer answer in February. I'm not trying to dodge your question, but that work is going on as we speak.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then, the second question, I guess just more of a clarification around how some of the affected regions have progressed over the course of September and October. Are there any areas where you're still seeing facilities that are unable to ship into – or either unable to ship or unable to ship into major regions or – for the most part, I know you called out Texas as still being an issue, but have things returned to kind of pre-storm activity?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: That's a great question. The characteristics of the storms this year are quite different from last year. We don't see the lingering impacts that we saw and – both in shipments and in cost in general. Now, as you called out, wet weather in Texas has been an issue. I'd also tell you when the sun shines in Texas, we're shipping very strong. We've still got pumps (38:19) pumping lower levels, but we're operating all of our facilities. I don't think we have any facilities that aren't back up and running. So, I would call us in good shape on the East Coast. I'd say we're very healthy in Texas. When it quits raining every day, we ship. So, I don't see any lingering effects like we saw a year ago.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Tom.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure.
Operator: And next we will hear from Stanley Elliot with Stifel.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Stanley.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thank you guys for fitting me in and welcome, Suzanne. A quick question. When you think about – I guess, one, could you help us with how inventories are out in the field, how balanced are you guys heading into next year? And then maybe kind of take that and as we're looking at maybe higher public spend market or public spend environment next year, does that end up making it easier to balance inventories or is there not much of a difference?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, first of all, I think we were pretty disciplined in the downturn. And I think we've been very disciplined over the last four or five years in making sure where we had inventories that were long, i.e., fines or base, that we cut into those and I think we're in much better shape. Always you have sizes that times get short, particularly Asphalt, and I think we've done a good job maximizing our efficiencies in our plant, which affects cost but also inventory. So, as we stand right now, I think we're in great shape on inventories, not too much, not too little, and the right amount. I think that our planning process and our coordination has gotten better, and we've honed that in the return back to better shipments. So, I think we're going in a great shape. I think our plants and our facilities have a lot of flexibility to move up or down and be nimble with adjusting demand whether that's fundamental or timing of jobs or weather, and I think we've actually gotten better at that. And obviously, we've had good practice with weather over the last couple of years. So, I think we're in great shape. As far as the public demand is concerned, it tends to, and I'd underscore tends, new public construction tends to support a lot of base, also which is very good for operations, uses up our fines and I think we can adjust quickly off of that. It also uses a lot of the high-end pricing of asphalt aggregates, and also fits our Asphalt business. So, I think we're in really good shape and I think our folks on a local level have done a very good job being coordinated and ready for whatever comes at them.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I would agree with that and I would also add, if you look at some of the comparative inventory numbers, either comparing our Q3 number back to the beginning of the year or to third quarter last year, it will appear that it's a little bit higher. But that's as a result of the acquisitions that we've made over the year and really doesn't reflect any significant movement in the inventory levels at our same-store quarries.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. That was my thought too. And then thinking about kind of the capital structure into next year, if 2 times to 2.5 times is the number, I mean, you should be right at the low-end, if not below, depending upon assumptions. What is the preference? Is M&A still of interest to you? Is it more organic growth? Is it buying shares back? Obviously, increasing the dividend is something you guys have talked about as well.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'll let Suzanne take this, but I'll start with telling you that our capital priorities haven't changed. As you look at the M&A out there, we are as I said earlier, we're really focused on capturing the synergies of the acquisitions we've made and the greenfield work that we're working on, both of those tend to be some of our highest returns. But remember, our biggest engine of growth is going to be the volume growth and growing unit margins. You got a taste of that in Q3. It's exciting. We see it flowing rapidly into October and November. So – but I'll let Suzanne take capital priorities.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, just adding on to what Tom said, which I agree with, the capital allocation priorities do remain the same. You know what they are. We've got a bit of both in there. But they are predicated on the waterfall that shows us making sure that we spend an appropriate amount of operating CapEx to make sure that our existing business that we maintain and grow the value of the franchise. We do have an eye toward a progressive dividend. We've talked about the fact that we want to make absolutely sure that it can be sustained through the cycle regardless of the amount. Whatever we get to, we just need to be able to sustain it. But we would expect that to progressively grow in line with earnings. We look at growth CapEx. We've talked a bit about that. And then, we also have in the capital allocation priority returning excess cash to shareholders, primarily via share repurchase. And we have been in the market. Through the end of the third quarter, we spent about $100 million with respect to share repurchase. So, our job is to balance all those in an appropriate way and be disciplined about the use of capital and make sure that it goes into the areas that will be highest returning. With respect to M&A in particular, obviously, we're going to look at M&A opportunities as they arise. But we will be returns focused. We will be thoughtful about multiples. We certainly don't want to be in a position where we overpay, particularly when there are other competing uses of our capital. And I just want to reiterate the point, as Tom said, M&A is an important part of growth to the extent you get the right fit and the right returns. But always, always same-store growth, improving the business that you have is always going to be the most profitable business you have, and also the lowest risk because you own it and you have complete control over what you're doing. So, we'll continue to look, but our principal focus, I think, in the near term is going to be fully integrating those businesses we have acquired, betting them down to make sure we capture all the synergies that we planned and that we can capture. And then, as I said earlier, I think it may have been the first or second question, we want to focus on making sure in our same-store businesses that we are improving that unit profitability. Does that help?
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. Thank you very much. Absolutely. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it. Best of luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Garik.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: I guess my first question is just as you look out to 2019, can you just speak to some of the inflationary buckets in the Aggregates group that you are concerned about? Is it mainly diesel that's going to move around and drive less visibility and I guess as a knock-on to the inflationary question, are there any tariffs that you are exposed to that might impact either CapEx or raw materials?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: If you step back and look at the Aggregates business and with the Aggregates-focused business, we're just different and I'd call us special in this area. We have clear potential to do quite well in an environment of rising commodity cost. And that's really driven by three things; improving prices; compounding over time, which we've talked about; and remember, higher fuel and logistics only widens the moat and now you're starting to see us starting to capture the widening of that moat. You saw the tip of that in Q3. We own our major input, which is the rock in the ground. And the third point is there's plenty of room for improving unit margins with prices, better operating execution, and seeing fixed cost leverage. I'd take you back, as a reminder, over the past five years since the recovery began, our total cost of sales is up less than 1% per year with diesel being up 7% per year. So if you talk to our folks, they'd tell you that improving unit margins no matter what happens at the outside, it is our job, it's what we do. You saw progress of that in the third quarter. You've seen us do this before and you see us take great momentum on this into Q4 into 2019. So I have great confidence that we'll continue to grow unit margins regardless.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I would just add there, also referencing back to the slide deck when you get a chance. On slide 4, we have put in some longer-term trend data where we actually calculate our compound annual growth rate and we measure that as against trailing 12-month second quarter 2013, sort of really the start of the recovery. I like this slide because it shows that the improvements we made are not sort of one quarter, one-year type improvement. These are incremental compounding improvements that we need to stay focused on and continue to drive. On that slide, it specifically calls out the one measure, which I think is a great one and says a lot about how nimble and flexible Vulcan is when it comes to managing through sort of whatever comes at you over a five-year period, and that's unit cost of sales has increased less than 1% over that five-year period. And also on the slide, it's what I think is one of the most exciting numbers on the page and that is that through some compounding pricing improvement, over that five-year period, through managing our costs and efficiencies at the plant level, over that same period, our compound annual growth rate and gross profit per ton is 13%. That's a pretty – it's a pretty strong business model to take us forward.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Of course. Thanks for that color.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Just wanted to ask also on, if you think about pricing into 2019, I think as we were coming into this year, Tom, you were pretty bullish about pricing accelerating, particularly in the Southeast. I'm just wondering if there's any additional markets that you can call out when you look into next year that are kind of on a cusp for this breakout, whether it's from overly tight supply and breaking out. I know there's been fits and starts in mix this year that's impacted reported pricing. But I think you're too far ahead of yourself. As I look back, pricing really picked up in 2015 into 2016 as demand was very strong. Any regions that could maybe mimic that type of performance into 2019, 2020?.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Let me just kind of take you through the haves and have-nots on that. California, demand solid private, really big growth in highways. We've seen really good unit margin improvement in California. You've heard us talk about prices with step function in California over last year and this year, and I think that continues. They've also done a really good job of improving their cost and a lot of their operating efficiencies. So, I think the issue – and I'm really looking at from a growth and unit margin perspective, I'll give both price and how I see that. So very healthy in California; Texas, solid private growth, big growth in public demand with highways. Remember, Prop 7 again kicks in this year with an additional $3 billion. Prices in Texas, I would call out as energized. That started kind in the second half, but it's really going to hit in January 2019 with fixed plant price improvements, costs have been improving, solid margin growth, and you're going to have upside in Texas potentially in 2019 and 2020 in energy projects and we'd go back to that later. Gulf Coast, I would tell you a little slower and kind of – not a little bit of growth in volumes, some price increases. But I would tell you a little bit harder, but they're doing a good job with it just because the volume is big and public is not there. Southeast, very healthy good private, good public. Big funding South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia. Pricing is very good, continues to be very good. Improving operating discipline, so you'll see another jump in margins in 2019. East Coast, again very, very good. Growing private, growing public, much better pricing I think right now in bid work and going into 2019. And I think we've seen their operations breakout in the third quarter. So in the end, overall, I think our business model is on track. Solid – summary, solid private, growing public, prices moving up sharply in a lot of places, good operating disciplines, driving spend margins. I think we feel really good finishing this year and going into 2019.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just my last question is on Asphalt. Can you give us some perspective on how quickly can you actually raise pricing to offset inflation into next year or maybe another way to ask that, how many – what percentage of your markets have real-time escalators that could provide...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Let's step back. I'll let Suzanne kind of talk about what happened because I think it's important visibility to what happened in Asphalt in Q3 and then I'll touch some on the markets and what to expect.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Sure. I mean, Tom is right. I mean, the liquid asphalt is where we saw a pretty significant acceleration of price in the third quarter. We've had some price increases leading in before that and had raised our prices to take that increase into account and combat. So our prices actually went up about 8% in terms of what we were able to pass along to customers in the third quarter. But liquid asphalt cost in the third quarter went up 29% and that had an impact – that 29% had an impact of about $60 million in the third quarter. So that's a pretty tough number to overcome, particularly when it happens quickly like that. But just as you saw us be able to raise prices 8% going in, we will continue to raise prices to offset this 29% increase that we saw. I mean there's always just a bit of a time lag on the front end as you try to catch that upward curve.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think that's well explained. So, our prices went up $4. And sequentially quarter-over-quarter Asphalt went up for about $40, which is $2 of cost. Our unit margins were down $2.50. So you can see we were going to catch it except for we got caught again with an increase in liquid. This is the one place in our business where commodity/energy can hit us hard and fast. It – remember, it's only 10% of our business, but it is also only temporary. Unit margins will catch up. They always do. I think our Asphalt business has a very bright future, particularly with all the highway funding, which is a big driver of asphalt demand. And it's really exciting if you look at where that money is and where we're in the Asphalt business or leader in the Asphalt business in Texas, Tennessee and California. So this will fix itself. It always does. And by the way when it turns down, we'll put a bunch of that in our pocket.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Understood. Thanks again. Best of luck.
Operator: And our next question will come from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Kathryn.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: First color is – first question is really just circling back on the rails, any color on rail line transportation bottlenecks easing? And also, I know that there were several rail lines that were washed out post-Hurricane Florence and wanted to get any color you have on recovery efforts there. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. The railroads continue to try to improve. We're still having issues. I think we're – they're slowly getting there, but it's cost us some volume and it's cost us some opportunities in 2018, and in fact, we're working on railroad stuff next week to try to make sure that we got it behind us as we enter 2019. As far as the storm is concerned, we did have a washout, which cut us off for a few weeks from one of our yards. Bad news is, we couldn't get the yard. The good news was, we shipped rock to fill in the washout. So kind of a little bit of good and bad with that. But as far as our facilities are concerned and it's a great question. I think that we're in good shape including railroad ability to service our yards along the coast.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thanks. I wanted to focus a little bit on residential. We've noted in this – as you know we try to have a boots-on-the-ground view of the market and I found that in both Texas and in Tennessee in particular, we've seen some larger greenfield residential projects that were either put to the side in last cycle and are starting up or are being developed to address fast-growing markets. What are you seeing in terms of this type of trend, particularly in the light of rising interest rates, and would love to just get your view on that trend in general. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think we've seen a little bit of that. I'll also tell you, we've seen – we're seeing some very large ones kick-off, particularly in Southern California. In fact, one of the largest ever done is right outside of our quarry in San Diego, which we're really excited about. It'll start to really crank up next year. If you look at res in our markets just fundamentally, ours are stronger than most around the country and the fundamentals are just there. You got population growth. You got continuing employment growth. You still got low inventories of houses, I think. So we see continued steady growth in res, maybe not as robust as it's been in the past, but steady. Maybe probably a little stronger in single than multi, which is okay for us because it's more Aggregates-intensive.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I'd I just add to that the states that we called out there that have seen some of that improvement, Texas and California, keep in mind, those are two of our largest states in terms of Aggregates. So whatever is going on there, we will definitely get our fair share of it.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah. No, we're definitely aware of that. Then just in terms of – you've touched on SB1 in California and starting to see strong lettings out of that state, we've been tracking on our end. Could you talk about other states where you're seeing those dollars translating to volumes that perhaps passed legislation, for instance, like in Georgia and Texas, but you're seeing in terms of the pace that will – volumes will improve from the dollars? Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure. I'll touch on probably the newest ones. I think Georgia is actually starting to flow-through. We're seeing shipments on those big projects that we've talked about. Texas is the most mature, we've got Prop 7, as you know, with additional $3 billion in 2019, they've really got their act together, and I think they'll get that worked out pretty fast. On the IMPROVE Act in Tennessee, which is a 40% increase in funding in Tennessee. Tennessee DOT, I would describe it has done an excellent job and one of the fastest to get worked out. We're already starting to ship on both Asphalt and Aggregates on projects. We've got a lot of work – a number of jobs booked for 2019. As I said, we'll actually see a little bit in 2018, which is quite quick. South Carolina is a little slower. We've not seen anything in 2018, probably see it being in 2019. But remember, South Carolina had the big bonds from a few years ago, so we've seen a big slug of big interstate work, which we'll ship on – we're shipping on now and will flow into 2019, which will kind of bridge us over to Act 40 (60:46). Is that giving you some clarity?
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah. No, it definitely does because it helps to set expectations for California because the way we've seen it, it typically takes at least 24-plus months for the dollars to hit to the volumes to actually get flowing. So, that was helpful.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Right.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thank you. And then finally, one of the things that we've seen with these big infrastructure projects that's maybe a little bit different than the past is they're really – they're very large projects...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Right.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: ...they're multiple years. But they may not be new projects. They're more like I'm adding three additional lanes to a current project. For the markets in which you serve, are you seeing a similar type trend or are you seeing perhaps more of a mix of just entirely new roads in addition to significant expansions?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would call it a mix. I would also point out that the inside to this is that these large projects, the different DOTs are at different stages of being able to handle them and handle them in a timely manner. Texas, like as I said earlier, has done the best job of giving big projects and having them ready and have them flow through smoothly. We are just seeing in a lot of states the big design build jobs take substantially longer than maybe what is budgeted or is planned by the DOT or the contractors. And we've been talking about this. I think that we have a better handle on that as we plan for 2019 and 2020 than maybe we did as we planned for 2017 and 2018 just because we know the right questions to ask. But you're right. It is a mix and it is taking longer to get done. Now, once they get going, they're quite efficient.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. And based on the quarry run you held at Nashville, your inventories look just fine in Middle Tennessee. Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Did you win?
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Not so much. Not so much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks for participating.
Operator: And next we will hear from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Notwithstanding the weather issues, pretty good volume growth here. I presume that's helping you work through some of that backlogged work. Is there a way for us to think about what's left in that backlog, Tom, that's priced well below the ASP at least we can see today? Is that likely to bleed into the construction season next year, or is there an opportunity with some decent fall, winter conditions to work through a lot of that?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think is what we've been saying is week-over-week, month-over-month, the work we're putting in is at higher prices. So – and we have put in a lot more work. So I would say that the bid work will continue to step up much similar that what you saw between Q3 and Q4. As Suzanne called out, it was 50 basis points. And so, as every day you're working off old work, replacing it with new higher price work, I think the market gets it. And so there will be two – there will be kind of two stages to the price increase, month-over-month, week-over-week, the bid work will continue to march up, and that will just continue through 2019. And then your fixed plant work, you'll see a bigger jump in January as fixed plant price increases go into effect for the year. Does that make sense?
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: It does. Thank you. And then, on the outlook for this year, has the expectation for U.S. Aggregates changed at all? Has that been impacted by weather as well?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: The short answer to your question, yeah, U.S. Aggregates has been impacted. As I step back and look at it, these assets are a really good strategic fit for us. We'll probably be a little short, about $50 million, maybe in the $45 million range. Three issues there. And the short-term issue is weather, as you called out, really related to Michael. As we talked about earlier, the rail service interruption have been real for us there. They have cost us volume. They have cost us opportunities in customer service. And then there's – the third item there would be there's a very large – there's some very large project work in Florida. There's backlog. It's to the tune of about 2 million tons. We expected it to ship in 2018. We'll start shipping in 2019. Probably a blessing in disguise with the rail issues we have that it did get pushed back. But one of the things we're really pleased with, with Agg USA, is the plant improvements and the efficiency improvements and cost improvements that we implemented this year. It gets us set up for 2019. I think if you look at 2019's plan, we'll capture the synergies in volume, cost, prices and unit margins. And so far, we can't control temporary issues out of your control obviously, but we're pleased with execution, plan and strategic fit.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Okay, perfect. And then one more, I guess breaking out the crystal ball here, but do you guys have a view on liquid asphalt costs as it relates to IMO 2020, possible tightening in the market? Any preliminary thoughts there?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: We've read a lot about it. There's all kinds of theories that it will cause diesel to go up and liquid to go – AC to go down. I think what's important about that is, as we talk about all the time, we'll handle what – we can't control that, we'll handle what gets thrown at us. We'll adjust accordingly with price and with escalators, and we'll watch it very closely, but too early to tell. And I don't know that we need a view as much as we need to be ready for whatever happens.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Understood. Okay. I appreciate the color.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Schrier with Citi.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for getting me in there.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I want to go back. Last quarter, you had mentioned that you were kind of expecting that trend you have in same-store shipments to continue. I think you were at 11%. And I'm curious – and I understand you had weather in September – I'm looking at slide 5, that July and August was 7%. So, is there anything to read in there in the quarter? Was there residential slowness, was there any kind of project delays or anything in there or do you feel that July and August on a same-store basis met your expectations?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think July and August were meeting our expectations. There's no slowdown. That is really shipping at a pretty good pace. And last quarter, same-store, if I remember, it was – or the same-store this year, this quarter, it was 10% and 6% (01:07:46). There was a lot off from what we had last quarter. I think if you look at the underlying demand and all the leading indicators and what's happening on the ground, we feel really good about volume. We continue to ship strong in October. We called out Texas, but every place – even in Texas, we were shipping when we have a ray of sunshine, and the rest of the country has been strong. So, I think we feel really good about underlying demand, project work starting to flow, public funding starting to flow in, kind of steady on the private side. And I think October only gives us more confidence in that. The mid-single-digit for next year, it's just too early to tell. We've got work to do. We have confidence in that, but we've got a lot of work to do on that as we've talked about in the call.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then...
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: And I think again, we – I'm sorry – I think, again, that mid-single-digits for next year – and my favorite word is thoughtful – we've tried to be thoughtful about putting that together. And as we get more information leading into when we next speak to you guys with Q4 and as we go through next year, you get more and more visibility. There's more activity being booked. And so we would, as we always would, adjust that as needed as we go forward next year. If things pick up and are strong then we will come back in and share with you our latest view on that.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. I wanted to ask a little bit about Concrete. It seemed like you had a pretty strong result there, especially considering – I know Virginia had the weather but you had pricing, you had the material spread. So I'm curious if you could talk about your expectations in Concrete. Do you see the fundamentals there to continue to expand your material margins?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes, we – the short answer is, yes, we do. Our Concrete businesses are in, what I'll call, privileged markets, both the growth profile and the structure of the markets. But we – even with volume down, we did better, and that was really weather in Virginia. But, again, there are – prices continue to move up and offset any raw materials costs or fuel costs. And we would expect that flowing into 2019.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks for that.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we will now move to Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Michael Wood - Instinet LLC: Hi.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Michael Wood - Instinet LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the residential side of your private spending. The slowdown according to the homebuilders and building product companies seemed to have accelerated really near the third quarter. And I appreciate your comments it's in the large projects that are about to get started. But if the slowdown does worsen, when would you expect to see the impact on your business as like when would your backlog that you have now currently get worked through?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: As we look into 2019, we don't see the slowdown in the projects that we see out there in our markets. So, they'd be further out if it – much further out if it happens. And again, the fundamentals are there, our backlogs and talking to our customers, we actually feel kind of good about slow and steady. But we're not seeing a slowdown in our market. So, it's hard for me to predict it, but it'd be pretty far out because we have some visibility to it.
Michael Wood - Instinet LLC: Is your California mix between private and public relatively similar to your national mix?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would – yeah, it's probably not too far out in any of our markets, particularly with our Asphalt business in California. You got to remember that with public coming on, it really helps the Asphalt business and the flow-through of Aggregates into that business and the base that goes underneath it. So, we are looking forward to more highway projects in California.
Michael Wood - Instinet LLC: Great. And just finally I wanted to ask about the cost control, besides just managing your operations around the weather, is there anything else that you have to highlight in terms of what's helping you reduce costs at your quarries? If you can give us some details, I'd appreciate that.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure. It's just core disciplines, and we've taken a look at our largest facilities, a number of them had teams look at them for opportunity searches. I think our folks are always doing this. If I took you to any of our plants, they're going to have a conversation about how to improve throughput of the plant, how to improve downtime in the plant, how to get more out of their fuel costs, out of their explosives costs. There's nothing here that is anything except for really, really good hard core operating disciplines and attention to detail and sharing knowledge across our footprint. And if you talk to any of our folks, they'd just tell you that's their job, that's what they do.
Michael Wood - Instinet LLC: Great. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our Q&A session for today. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Tom Hill for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you. As you can tell, Suzanne and I are excited about our business. It's really fun to watch our profit engines crank up. We're excited with the performance in Q3, really excited as we look into Q4 and 2019. We appreciate the time you spent with us this morning. We appreciate your support of Vulcan. We look forward to seeing you and speaking with you throughout the quarter, and we hope you have a great week. Thank you.
Suzanne H. Wood - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co. J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co. John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.
Analysts: Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Ben Burud - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Please stand by. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Holly and I will be your conference call coordinator today. Please note, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. And now, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. With me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to call your attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website, vulcanmaterials.com. You can access this presentation from the Investor Relations home page of the website. A recording of this call will be available for replay at our website later today. Additionally, you can sign up to receive future news releases under the e-mail alerts quick link on the Investor Relations home page. Please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks, along with the other legal disclaimers, are described in detail in the company's earnings release and in other SEC filings. Additionally, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of the supplemental presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining our call today. Our second quarter results are another really solid step towards our longer-term goals. We finished the first half of the year on plan, and well-positioned to stay on plan for the balance of the year. The business is running well, as expected. And we're seeing good things come together. Higher public funding for transportation infrastructure is now converting into increased shipments. Pricing momentum, including our backlog work, continues to strengthen and we've turned the corner on cost challenges we faced in 2017 with flow-throughs moving towards long range norms. We expect each of these trends to continue through the second half of this year and into 2019. We are well-positioned for continued shipment growth, compounding pricing improvements, and further gains in unit profitability. Now, we experienced spikes in diesel and liquid asphalt costs, but these headwinds will be offset by pricing gains over time. Diesel prices have risen 28% year-over-year and 59% since June 2016. Those increases are not yet fully reflected in our reported product pricing. But we are already pricing worth (00:03:17) higher. Remember, higher logistics costs widen the natural economic moat around our quarries. Also, liquid asphalt prices have risen 22% year-over-year putting pressure on our Asphalt margins. But hear again, these headwinds will ultimately be offset, and we're already seeing prices improve. Good things are happening as public construction demand joins a sustained private recovery. And our Aggregates-focus business model positions us extremely well for this dual recovery. We are keeping our midpoint projection for full-year adjusted EBITDA at $1.2 billion. And we expect to move into 2019 with very good momentum in market demand, in shipments, and in pricing. Now, let me touch a bit more detail – on a bit more detail on the trends we're seeing in our core Aggregates segment with a focus on shipments, pricing, and cost. John will then recap our full-year outlook, and I'll sum up with some closing comments. First, our strength in shipments. Public demand is kicking in. We're finally beginning to see the transportation funding increases that passed in many Vulcan-served states showing up in our shipments. And as I pointed out last quarter, we expect this demand to build over multiple years as state DOTs and contractors deliver on their large backlogs of bigger and more complex projects. At the same time, private end-use demand in Vulcan-served markets continues to recover steadily, growing at a rate that is significantly ahead of the rest of the country. Our local sales teams are covering our markets and serving our customers well. We've taken steps to give them more time to partner with our customers and help them grow. They are reaping the benefits of more back office support, less paperwork, and more time with our customers, and it's paying off nicely. We expect strong shipment growth at a pace similar to the second quarter for the balance of the year, based on demand patterns and our booking pace. And the shipment results we reported this quarter don't yet reflect the strength we're seeing coming in California or Virginia. Those states were actually down in the quarter. Regarding California, we're very encouraged by the letting data we've seen in efforts to accelerate public projects. We're having success in booking key new jobs. We expect second half shipments in California to be up mid- to high-single digits over the prior year, with that growth still supported by strong private demand. We continue to expect the benefit of stronger public construction activity in California to start impacting our shipments in 2019. Meanwhile, we continue to focus on longer-term materials pricing improvements in this key state. Our average selling prices for aggregates in California improved 7% compared to the second quarter of 2017. So, to recap, we're seeing real strength in shipments, 11% same-store shipment growth in the quarter as public demand joined to sustain recovery in private demand with a similar growth rate expected for the remainder of the year. Second, let's talk about pricing. Geographic mix impacted our total reported average selling prices in the second quarter. Excluding this mix impact, average aggregate selling prices improved 3%. Given the continuing recovery and public demand, geographic and product mix may continue to affect reported average sales prices for the next few quarters. But let me tell you, I'm not concerned about this mix effect. It's good for the business to sell a full product mix and we're focused on driving prices higher for all product types. Please don't base funds (00:07:45) across all geographies. We like the pricing trends we're seeing in our backlogs. And project pricing continues to strengthen, and will throughout the year. We're pressing for second half price increases in many of our markets across all customer segments. As you know, there's a natural lag between pricing and shipments. For example, we're shipping today on several large public jobs, initially priced well over a year ago. Our reported pricing will benefit as we work off older jobs and shift on more recently quoted work. And, of course, the shipments strength we've experienced with public demand joining what has been a private-led recovery bodes very well for pricing strength into 2019 and beyond. Third, let's discuss how we convert that top line growth into profit growth. We're doing a good job controlling the cost that we can control, moving toward more normal flow-through rates on same-store incremental revenue. For the quarter, our unit cost of sales in Aggregates on a same-store basis fully adjusted was essentially flat. We delivered with operating leverage and shipment strength. But this per ton cost benefit was offset by the spike in diesel costs and also by distribution-related costs that are behind us as we move into the second half of the year. Excluding higher unit cost for diesel, our same-store flow-through rate on incremental sales for the first half was 56%, a clear move in the right direction. And we expect further improvements in the second half of the year. Diesel cost ultimately passed-through in our product pricing. But despite diesel, we finished the first half essentially on plan with respect to operating cost results and total gross profit for Aggregates segment. And following the flooding from Hurricane Harvey, we've now finished dredging our Houston port facility and our new ships are fully operational bringing additional cost efficiencies to the business in the second half of the year. Our continuing world-class safety record underscores our confidence in our operating discipline and execution. Our MSHA/OSHA incident rate through the first half of the year is less than one injury for every 200,000 employee hours worked. Our people are focused on every aspect of operational excellence and it shows. Now, I'll hand it off to John for a brief review of our full-year outlook for profitability and cash flow. John?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Tom. Let me begin by providing a bit more background regarding our balance of year outlook. In our core Aggregates segment, as Tom mentioned, we expect continued strength and shipments roughly in line with the second quarter results. We now project full-year same-store Aggregates shipment growth of between 7% and 9% compared to our beginning-of-year expectation of 4% to 6%. We expect freight-adjusted price increases in the second half of approximately 3% in line with our beginning-of-year projection. However, given geographic mix impacts through the first half, we now project a full-year increase in reported freight-adjusted average selling prices of 2% to 3%. Absent these mix impacts, which are largely tied to stronger than expected shipments in certain lower priced markets, pricing momentum was in line with our plans through the first half and should strengthen through the second half and into 2019. Our projection for full-year freight-adjusted revenues for the Aggregates segment remains in line or slightly ahead of our year-beginning plan. Again, as a function of stronger shipments at a marginally lower geographic price mix. As noted, diesel prices in the first half rose more than projected. We now expect full-year diesel costs for the Aggregates segment to be approximately $15 million higher than in our year-beginning plan. Again, higher diesel prices should support higher Aggregates pricing over the longer-term. As, along with other logistics constraints, they serve to widen the economic moats around the better-located quarries. Absent the short-term impact of the rise in diesel costs, Aggregates segment gross profit for the first half was in line with plan. Aggregates segment unit profitability should improve in the second half, as expected, as the business benefits from higher volumes, solid operating disciplines and the absence of certain costs tied to hurricanes and other weather events in the prior year period. In total, full-year Aggregates segment gross profit should approximate, beginning-of-year expectations, as higher revenues offset the impact of higher diesel costs. In contrast, first half results for the Asphalt segment, trail plan in the first half and likely will remain below plan for the second half and full-year. Due primarily to the increase in liquid asphalt prices, first half results missed plan by approximately $15 million. Second half material margins, although stabilizing and improving, likely will remain below beginning-of- year projections due to higher input cost. And we expect full-year segment results will miss plan by approximately $20 million. Concrete segment results were in line for the first half and should meet plan for the full-year. Management expectations for SAG expense, interest expense, taxes and operating and maintenance CapEx remain unchanged. Taken as a whole, we continue to project full-year net earnings of between $4 and $4.65 per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA of between $1.15 billion and $1.25 billion. We do note that the current year impact of higher diesel and liquid AC prices may make the higher end of this range difficult to reach, despite the shipment strength we see. As Tom referenced, our midpoint expectation for full-year adjusted EBITDA supported by our bottoms up business unit projections, currently stands at $1.2 billion. Again, the business is generally performing as expected, with shipment growth better than planned and petroleum-related input cost worse than planned. Strengthening shipments to public end-users, plus improving pricing and unit margins, plus maturing growth investments should position the business very well heading into 2019 and beyond. Our overall capital allocation priorities remain unchanged, as does our commitment to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating. Now, I'd like to wrap up with a reminder of the fundamental strength of our franchise and aggregates-focused business model. Ours is a business that, in the last five years, has done the following. In the Aggregates segment, using trailing 12 months figures, we have compounded shipments at a 6.5% annual rate. Unit pricing has compounded at a 4.3% rate with unit costs growing at less than 1%. Unit gross profit has, as a result, compounded at nearly 13% annually. And total company adjusted EBITDA has compounded at a 20% clip. Furthermore, ours is a business with attractive cash flow dynamics. As noted last quarter, after tax cash flow from earnings, that's adjusted EBITDA, less working capital growth of $50 million, operating and maintenance CapEx of $250 million, and cash taxes of $75 million, should approximate $825 million for the year. And all of this backed by an advantaged, irreplaceable, essential asset base. And a culture centered on taking care of each other and winning the right way. And now, this business sits at another positive inflection point. With public construction activity beginning what should be a multi-year recovery backed by new, higher dedicated funding. But as great as Vulcan's business is, and you know it's a great business, it is an even better place to work and an even better team to be a part of. I will miss it deeply. But I have every confidence, every confidence, in our direction and continued success.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, John. As you all know, this is John's last earnings call as our CFO. I want to thank John for his outstanding work as part of our senior leadership team. He has been a key player in developing and refining the fundamentals of our strategy and our business models. Working together as a closely knit team, we and our employees throughout the company are shaping a direction that has delivered and will continue to deliver great value for our shareholders, our customers, and our employees. And you can continue to count on that kind of continuity and steadiness both in strategic direction and our daily operational excellence that is a hallmark of the way we do business at Vulcan. I would like to personally thank John for his friendship and partnership and all that he has done for his Vulcan family. Thank you, John. And although I'm sad to see John moving on at the end of the year, we have had an organized smooth transition under way. Suzanne Wood, who joins us as our CFO on September 1, is an outstanding talent with deep and broad experience. She will bring her own highly-regarded leadership abilities and fresh perspectives. She will be a key member of the team that is tightly-focused on strategic growth and superior execution in all aspects of our business. That is of the utmost importance to us. It's how we go about making our company better every day. We know what we need to do to maximize the value of our asset base and our franchise. We are going to keep focused on that and on day-in and day-out execution. We are more than ready to meet the growing demand in public and private sectors. We are securing increasing business in projects of all sizes from major projects to small construction jobs, all across our footprint with particular growth in our high-margin, high-population markets. We will continue to achieve price and volume gains that further improve our superior unit margins. And we will remain keenly focused on our operational excellence and maintaining our world-class safety performance. And now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: First off, wanted to say, John, being your last call, it's been great working with you and wish you the best.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, bud. Appreciate it.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: First off, I wanted to just talk about the kind of turning the corner on cost challenges that you guys have talked about. Really, if you could just kind of go into more detail on how to think about the flow-through in the bridge to your expectations here in the back half understanding your – some of these things are behind you. But just really trying to get our head around the shift in incrementals needed to kind of get to that original Aggregates kind of go – growth – gross profit goals.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Trey, I'll start and – just with a view of the quarter in the first half, and I think Tom will comment on the full-year, and we're going to clarify as best we can. First thing we would say, as we said in the prepared remarks and in the release, is we're on plan. For the Aggregates segment, we are on our plan for the first half of the year. Albeit driven a little bit by stronger shipments than originally projected, offsetting the higher diesel cost than we had expected. But we are on our plan for the first half of the year. And in terms of flow-throughs and just the way we look at it as a management team, internally. One, always trying to take a little bit longer-term view of that number. But as we look at the first half, first, you got to look at it on a same-store basis. I'll just remind everybody, the flow-through on acquired revenue, particularly Ag U.S.A., is always going to distort those numbers. So, you got to look at it on a same-store basis. As we look at same-store flow-through the first half, we see 43%, absent the year-over-year impact in diesel, which we will overcome as we move forward and put in their own (00:22:57) pricing, that's 56%. I noted in the release, I don't want to distract anybody, but if you look at the pensionary class and what that did absent that, it's 59% to 60%. So, our main message on flow-through and on the business as a whole for the first half is that we are on plan. We also expect those flow-throughs, as we've said, I think all year long, to improve meaningfully in the second half such that the full-year number is basically in line with what you'd expect from our beginning-of-year guidance, of course, and at or slightly above that 60% long-term number.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Trey, in the second half, we will definitely see flow-through improvement and it's really driven by three things. Number one, prices will continue to rise. Our backlog pricing is much higher. You've got fuel offset in that. And also we're just simply working off our work. We've got some work we're working off right now that's one or two years old and is priced out long ago. Then, second, we'll see significant cost improvements. First piece of that is we've moved past the old storm-related and some of the transportation costs that we saw last year and we saw in the first half of the year. The second piece of that is we'll reap the benefit and not the cost of the first half improvements we did in some big plants that we took down in preparation for the season. And the third thing is, you're just going to see that volume growth continue and it's really driven by the big jump in public demand. So, I think we're confident in how we did in the first half and how it sets us up in the second half.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And then, Trey, if you wanted to square – and others, if you want to square the guidance for the year and just taking a look at the total business and kind of how we get there, again, this is all consistent with our plan. We're looking for about $160 million of profit improvement in the second half year-over-year. And again, if the question is how do you get there, here's the way we look at it. We've got significant benefit in the second half from acquisitions, about $30 million year-over-year that's mostly Ag U.S.A. We've got, as you know, significant operating cost and margin improvement in the Aggregates segment in the second half. Again, we're comping over a bunch of storm-related cost in the second half that shouldn't repeat, that's about another $30 million to $35 million. We've got approximately 10 million more tons in the second half of this year on a same-store basis than we had in the second half of last year. That drives its own benefit at a strong flow-through way. As Tom mentioned, we've got higher pricing in the second half than a year ago. That's probably another $40 million of benefit year-over-year on the second half. We'll have a little bit of contribution from the downstream businesses, not a lot year-over-year given the headwinds in our Asphalt segment. And SAG, that's slightly up in the second half over the prior year, maybe $5 million, but largely flat. So, look, our plan is basically intact. We're kind of following the exact plan we had at the beginning of the year. Only difference is really being higher aggregates shipments driven by stronger public shipments, which is fantastic, offsetting higher than anticipated diesel costs and helping offset what will be a full-year miss in our Asphalt segment.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: All right. That's super helpful. Thank you for that. And then, second one for me is just around a lot of the noise out there around SB1. Obviously, a lot of chatter, possibility for repeal, obviously, on the ballot for November. Just trying to get maybe your updated thoughts around how we should be thinking about that or how that could shake out. I mean, understanding you guys don't have a crystal ball either but some of the polls that we see look like – could be pretty much a coin toss at this point. But as you guys know, these polls can sometimes be a little bit deceiving depending on sample size and the population there. So, really just trying to get any updated thoughts you guys might have around SB1 from where you sit today.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I think your opening comment about SB1 was completely accurate. There is a lot of noise, and there will continue to be noise for the next four months about it. But let's kind of step back on and look at the facts as we know it in California. And I would point out four things. Number one, remember, California is the fifth largest economy in the world. And it's also got some of the country's worst roads. Number two, California voters understand how bad the roads are and of all – they've already supported 20 local initiatives that increase transportation funding, we saw that year-and-a-half ago. And fact number three, as you know, SB1 was firewalled for transportation uses only in June which is very good for us and also removes the biggest argument for repeal. And fact four, SB – you've got to remember, SB1 has incredibly broad and deep support in the state. So, those are facts if we'd go on (00:28:16) California (00:28:17) don't forget three other points. Remember, Caltrans is already moving. So, by November, they will have already collected an additional $4.7 billion for highway construction. And those local initiatives that I mentioned earlier, they will raise $50 billion over the life of the initiatives. Fact number three, remember, Vulcan shipments and prices to the public market in California are going to be higher the second half of this year. They'll be higher than that in 2019, and they'll be higher than that in 2020 given our current pipeline and backlogs. So, our success in California is enhanced by SB1 but it's not dependent on SB1. Look, we have a fantastic position in the fifth largest economy in the world. Our backlogs are higher, our – the pricing on those backlogs are higher than they've been in years and they're accelerating and that price momentum which was very good in first half of the year will continue to grow balance of this year and into next year and into 2020. So, again, our success in – we're going to be successful in California. SB1 will only enhance that.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: All right. Thanks for the thoughts, Tom, and good luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Jerry.
Ben Burud - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Good morning. This is Ben Burud on for Jerry.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Ben Burud - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Just wanted – morning. Just wanted to start and get some more color on pricing in light of such strong shipment growth. So, double-digit volume growth in the quarter. Can you kind of help reconcile that strength with 3% clean pricing?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. So, pricing momentum is good and improving. If you take a closer look at our individual markets, we're actually where we thought we'd be. It's really 3% or 4%. 80% of our markets that we're in, had prices in the 3% to 4% range. And we've been raising prices all along. So, as we work our whole work, we'll see it replaced with higher price jobs. Some of that – the mix are very similar prices that we're working on today are priced one or two years ago. As we always, say rising transportation cost is good for pricing in our economic moat, same thing for diesel. And when we're quoting higher prices over – because of those things right now. And this will keep building the second half of the year, our booking and backlogs or higher prices. Remember, accelerating volumes are very good for pricing. Public work is driving improved volumes and prices. And I'll give you a couple of examples like this. So, in the first half of this year, we've seen California, Virginia and Georgia up mid- to high-single digits. So, the pricing is coming. And it's – and you see it across the vast majority of our markets.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I mean, can we just remind a number of you that it's not atypical at all for us to have a six-month lag on average between when we quote something and when we ship it. It obviously varies by job type. But six months on average isn't way off. So, a lot of what we shipped in the second quarter this year, we quoted and booked in Q3 and Q4 last year. So, when we referenced improving pricing in our backlogs and when you've heard us talk in Q1, I think pretty clearly and obviously in this call pretty clearly about the direction we have as a company on pricing, and the fact that that's only reinforced by strength in public, you're going to see that come with a lag. So, what you're saying is good for pricing in the second half, but it is equally good for pricing in 2019. And look, this is a business that's compounded pricing through the recovery so far our business at almost 4.5%. Pricing comp is probably only improving in total, some periods higher, some periods lower. Mix is going to affect it in a given quarter. But don't lose sight over the power of the business model. None of that has changed and really has a whole another push from these higher logistics costs, which widened the economic moats around our quarries. So, I hope you can tell it's not something that we're overly concerned with on this. And we see it as something that's actually be quite positive for the business moving forward.
Ben Burud - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, in California, you gave us pricing up 7% year-over-year. Could you help – give us an idea of how shipments were in the quarter? And then, related to that, if you think of SB1 as we head into the end of the year and maybe people – who knows – maybe some people get cold feet. Is there any pull forward into late 2018 in what was supposed to be beginning in 2019?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. So, I mean, if you look at the shipments for the year, we're just a little ahead of where we were prior year in the quarter, they were down. Now, all of that is timing of how we work in California. As we said, we had a strong first quarter. The private demand in California continues to be solid. The second half, its growth is some private but a lot of that is public flow-through. If you look at our backlogs, both in volume and price in California are up where we should be. We don't see a lot of SB1 in 2019. It'll really be in 2020 and beyond. But, in spite of that, in 2019, our backlogs will support the volumes that we're projecting the second half. So – and, as I said in my comment about SB1, remember, Caltrans will have already collected additional $4.7 billion by November and you've got the impact of the local funding of an additional $1.35 billion. So, there's a lot of increased funding in California and I think we feel good about it. As I said, about – when I was talking about SB1, (00:34:26) second half of this year, we feel good about 2019, and that'll grow into 2020.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And again, just to be clear, I mean, we're super excited about what Caltrans is doing. It's just we don't expect it to show up in our shipments in 2018 and that's always been our view that's not a change. So, anything that happens there is effectively upside but very good for 2019.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: The shipment strength we saw in the quarter just as a reminder, came without help from California, without help from Virginia, without help from Georgia. Many of our higher priced markets, all those markets are super healthy long-term. Just some timing issues there in the quarter. And you're going to see good growth in all those areas in the second half.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: We have full flavor on Caltrans. And they really – like John said, they've done a good job. I mean, we've already backlogged 1 million tons of aggregate off of SB1 funding and about 300,000 tons of asphalt. This is really early in the game. I would not expect to see much of that in 2018. It will be 2019 and 2020.
Ben Burud - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll hear from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Morning. Thank you for taking my questions today. Still on the policy vein, wanted to shift coast and go to Georgia, Texas, Florida, Tennessee, and North Carolina, which we in our work have seen some better lettings in the first half of 2018. Given strong lettings, obviously, there can be a delay between the dollars and lettings which we saw last year. But also, possibly, wanted to get a little bit more color of, now that we've seen good lettings numbers out of those key states, can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of work flow-through and also what you're seeing in lettings going into 2019 based on the early read from this year? Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think that we're seeing a turn in a lot of markets. When I say a turn, it is in, really, a turn in profitability driven by volume and price. And that turn is also – the catalyst for that turn is the turn in public work. And I'll talk about three markets where we've seen a big turn there. The first one would be coastal Texas, and we saw a big turn in coastal Texas probably in the last six, eight months. We had a downturn there. It's recovered. The private side is recovering. There's good highway work. Our volumes are dramatically up. You're seeing prices – actually, prices in the second quarter rose over prices in the first quarter, and they'll continue to rise through the year. And all of that's driving marked improving profitability in coastal Texas. And that's without the impact of the energy work that you're hearing out there. There's dozens of energy jobs and billions of dollars that are in the planning stages. We don't expect to see that until 2019 and 2020. And then behind that, you're going to see, in 2019 and 2020, you'll start to see non-highway infrastructure pull through, with Harvey projects that are in the design stages right now. Those – I could – I think there's 30 of those in pre-planning process. So, very exciting in coastal Texas. Turning now from there to Tennessee, particularly Nashville, is a great example, Kathryn, where that has been a very healthy state for a long time. But we actually – the Tennessee DOT has done an excellent job already pulling through improved ag projects. That's a state where those – some of those projects will hit this year. And with that turn in public, you've also – again, you've got the – you have the price and the volume flowing through in Tennessee. The last one I'd mention is a state that's been hot for a while, Florida. DOT is really solid private, really solid public. You're starting to see infrastructure – not how we infrastructure flow-through in Florida but with the big public work maturing in Florida, you get a better mix. So, actually, our overall profitability and our unit profitability is getting better with the volume and mix. And you could go on and on and on across the country, wherever the funding is, has – is starting to mature. And as we always talk about, you'll see a layering effect of that over the next three or four years.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: (00:38:50)
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Kathryn, just to walk you out, I mean, I know you understand all this actually quite well. But from inside our shop, in each of those markets and others, there's a turn not just in volume but also in profitability, as Tom said, and in pricing. So, if you took coastal Texas, and we've talked a lot about that over the last year, given the hurricane impacts and those kind of things. Again, that's turning in volume and you know very well the DOT outlook, you know the Harvey Relief Fund outlook, you know the recovery in private, you know the energy projects. All of which give great visibility. That's a market where, in the first half, we would have had – the way we measure it on a freight-adjusted basis , down pricing. That freight headwind to the way we report pricing is going to reverse. And on top of that, our overall pricing is moving up. So, if you looked at kind of down pricing first half, you'd see up pricing in the last month to give you a feel. So, that's a really good story moving forward. Same kind of dynamic of the places. You had asked about Georgia in your question. We really like what we see in Georgia. Of course, still some issues with capacity constraints, really, logistics constraints, I should say. Not ours, but the markets. In particular some rail issues there, that's one place that's been affecting us. But the outlook on public and just the backlog of work to be done bodes, again, really well for the second half. Continued pricing; pricing in that market has been very strong and, again, strength into 2019.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, Georgia. A little bit of good news in Georgia. Over top of all the DOT funding that has been growing in the state, we also starting to see some local initiatives particularly in South Georgia right in the middle of where all the Ag U.S.A. rail yards are. It's about $0.5 billion that will flow-through. Again, that will take a while, but we're pleased. We're very pleased with that in light of what's going on with Ag USA.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: That's helpful. Tagging on to your commentary on pricing. For the second half, you've already commented a bit in the Q&A just about the flow-through of pricing and how it takes time. But just to be really clear on that 2% to 3% guide for the year, is that on a freight-adjusted or non-freight-adjusted basis because one would imply an acceleration of pricing trends in the second half while the other would imply a deceleration of trends, and just a quick clarification on that point?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: First of all...
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: And then also – Go ahead.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: No, first of all, that would be – I'm sorry to interrupt you. That is freight-adjusted.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: And we would tell you that will accelerate not just in the second half but through the second half and into 2019.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Perfect. And then, finally, in the – you might have already answered this in terms of the incremental margin question. But just to be clear, following up on a question we've had for the past few quarters on the incremental margins. Any impact on how Aggregates USA impacted the incremental margin calculation? And are there any other items that we should take into consideration that won't happen in the second half of the year like the Houston dredging cost, like the Panamax ship and like the weather concept perhaps wasn't outlined earlier?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think John covered that in a little – very – in his first remark on pricing on flow-throughs. But we won't face a lot of the storm challenges that we faced in 2018 – in, excuse me, 2017. And we said that it would take us through the second quarter to get those behind us. That includes dredging, that includes some of the other transportation costs we had and on top of that, our new ships are now in place and shipping.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn in the quarter. In the quarter, the – again, just, we had, as you know, we called it out $7-plus-million of diesel headwind. Again, we'll catch up on that on pricing, helps our pricing. We have a little bit less than $10 million of elevated distribution costs that should not repeat in the second half that hit the quarter. But again, as we get into the second half, and I know you're all familiar of what we're comping over in terms of the difficulties we had with last year storms. But we should have $30 million to $35 million of cost improvement year-over-year in the second half. Some of that is cost from last year second half not repeating. Some of that is the fact that our own internal plans has some costs front-loaded in the first half. I think we called that out in Q1, for example. And then, of course, as Tom mentioned, we get the benefit of higher operating leverage or stronger volumes in the second half. So, despite the new headwind, we should see our unit cost improve markedly and our flow-throughs improve markedly in the second half. All on the same-store basis is really the way to look at.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Right. Well, thank you very much for answering my questions today. Good luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Kathryn. Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you. John, best of luck. It was a pleasure working with you over the last several years. First question was on – a follow-up on the incremental margin outlook and the discussion around 60% in the long-term, and I think coming into the year with an expectation of 65% to 70% because of some of these one-time items that you talked about that occurred last year that's not occurring this year. Just want to be clear on the incremental, though. Does the view of improving incremental margins factor in the rise in diesel costs or should we expect that 60% to, I guess, 70% incremental moving forward to be if you strip out diesel?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that the second half incremental takes into account the increase in diesel cost. I think that that's built in. What we've told you, it is a headwind, but it continues to be less and less of a headwind as the year goes along.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Garik, in the second half, we're probably expecting diesel of around – it varies by market – but around $2.60. So, obviously, there's some uncertainty around that. We'll kind of see how it plays out. But, keep in mind, we've got basically stronger volumes offsetting diesel impact in the Aggregates segment. So, full-year, our expectation for the Aggregates segment is darn close to what it was at the beginning of the year. Slightly different way of getting there. We do expect to have a headwind from our Asphalt segment due liquid AC costs relative to our beginning-of-year expectations. But when we sit at the end of the year and look backwards, we expect a flow-through rate in our Aggregates segment that's really not that different than what we've expected at the beginning of the year. And again, I'd just caution anybody, looking at just flow-throughs on a quarterly basis, they going – they swing a lot. So, you got to take a bit of a longer-term view. And I would remind that by the time we finish this year, we're going to look back over the previous five years and we're going to find out that our flow-through rate for five years have been about 62% or something. So, pretty much in line with long-term expectation.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, got it. And just follow-up question on volumes. You called out California and Virginia as being lighter in the quarter, should rebound due to timing but these are also markets that saw stronger price growth. And then, conversely, you had stronger volume growth in some lower priced markets. So, just it begs a question around market share, some of these higher pricing markets, have you seen a share shift and how should we expect or contemplate market share over the next several quarters in some of these stronger markets?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I don't know that we would – or that I would call that as a share shift. Based on it was really where those shipments where and look, for example, in Alabama and Arizona, those are driven by very large highway projects that we booked some time back. And so, I think the impact is really – of those two, is timing of big projects, same thing was impacting California, and Virginia was weather.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Thanks.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Garik, I don't know if it's what you're – if it's exactly what you're asking, but the kind of mix impact we had on recorded average selling prices this quarter, we would expect to be fairly transitory. I mean you know this, it's that our higher price markets are the ones that have higher long-term growth. So, longer-term, if anything, mix should probably help us a teeny bit. But in the quarter, we had a set of markets that – by the way, they all grew. So, 80% of our markets that had growth around – had pricing growth around 4%, they grew at 9%, we just had some of the lower price markets like Illinois, Alabama, Arizona grow at a higher rate. They all grew, but we just had a little more growth in markets that on average, have prices, $5 – $4 or $5 below the higher price markets.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today will comes from Rohit Seth with SunTrust.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. My question's on transportation cost. I mean how much of a headwind was the distribution cost in the quarter? And I heard you say that the headwind was behind us. Can you just provide some color on some of the basis for that?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, it was two things. We had talked about the – our port in Houston that was silted in from the hurricanes. We suffered from that second half of last year, we got that dredged in the first quarter. The two things, you have the cost of – excuse me, got it dredged in the second quarter. There were two pieces of that cost. Number one, you got the cost of dredging; number two, in the first and second quarter, you're still going into the light loads and partial ships which is very inefficient. And then, we had some – still had some barge costs go up and down the Mississippi that we were fighting. And I will tell you that, as we said, those costs are behind us and we feel really good and really confident about how we enter the third quarter.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I'm talking more about the trucking-related cost to your distribution yard – sales yards, sorry.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I don't think that's what we were referring to when we talked about that. We were really referring to more of the Blue Water than trucking costs.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: The biggest place we had elevated distribution costs related to our businesses, and this is in the quarter, related to our businesses in the Gulf Coast of Texas. So, I think, Houston and along the rest of the Gulf Coast. That's really where we saw most of our elevated distribution costs in the quarter. We have higher trucking costs, but again, given that we report freight-adjusted pricing and other factors, that's less of an issue in the numbers that you see. I would note, it's a little bit of a different topic, but just on the Ag U.S.A. outlook, and what I mentioned on rail there, in terms of distribution headwinds and logistics headwinds, for that business, we still see a $50 million EBITDA contribution for the year. But that would have been higher if we had the kind of rail service we'd like to see. We're probably full-year looking at being nearly 500,000 tons below what we would have otherwise been in that business. So, if anyone's wondering why we're not raising our outlook for Ag U.S.A., like you might expect, that's really the issue. We're super happy with the acquisition, still going to contribute $50 million as we laid out. But going to take slightly longer to capture some of those synergies that we would have hoped to have captured this year due to the challenges we're facing in rail service. Now, we think those will get worked out, but still a bit of a challenge.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: To your point on truck – on trucking, usually that adjusts very fast.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then, on your guidance, you said in the full-year guidance, your – you think the top end is less achievable. Can you just maybe provide some direction whether you're tracking towards a low end or the midpoint?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We would say, we're tracking to the midpoint. And again, not trying to set off any alarm bells or anything, just trying to be realistic. We've got a $20 million hole in our Asphalt segment relative to our beginning-of-year expectations. We've got diesel headwinds relative to beginning-of-year expectations of, let's call it, $15 million. And to reach the equivalent of what would have been $1.275 million (00:52:00) even with stronger shipments is just tough. So, it's not that it's impossible, given the shipment strength we see. We just wanted to be realistic and tell you that the high end of the range, the $1.250 million (00:52:13), given those headwinds in diesel and in our Asphalt segment economics, it does get a little bit tougher. And so, to be clear, we really didn't want you all to take the strength in our shipments, which is very real and powerful, and just move right to the high end of our range, because those headwinds we've seen in diesel and in liquid asphalt, so far, are a real thing.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then, are you seeing any project delays in any of your key markets?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Every one of them is different. I think with California, we saw some that may be a little bit delayed, but they'll come on this year. We've seen – continue to see some – they're not delayed, but there was slower shipping on the 85-400 job in Georgia. But, actually, they have gotten approval and that has cranked back up. So, for the most part, we're in where we thought we'd be as far as timing of jobs, and in some places, probably a little ahead with them people trying to push new funding through.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, no project delays and no trucking logistics headwinds. That's what I'm hearing?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: With the exception of California, and we talked about that moving from Q2 into Q3 and Q4, I think that's probably accurate. Now, I'm sure there are some projects out there where we'll – I don't know what goes on in every one of them, but for the most part, I think that's an accurate statement.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We had some...
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And your capital allocation...
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We had some delays in the first half like 285-400 but that's – I wouldn't let that be too big a distraction. When you get back to guidance range, I would remind you and everybody, we're shipping more than 900,000 tons a day right now. So, it doesn't take a lot to ship a couple million dollars from one quarter to another, and that's just something we should all be aware of. Just so we don't mistake short-term stuff for the underlying health of the business. Just, you can think about that math. But if you were asking the question, why our range is still as wide as it is, that's really a big driver of it. And where we would, we're able to get the work done as evidenced by our shipment growth rate in the second quarter. But if we had a big major disruption like another hurricane event, it does take longer to catch up. That's really where we're seeing some of these trucking constraints and logistics constraints come into play. Is if you get a big massive disruption, it does take a little bit longer to catch up.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then, final question, your capital allocation priorities, and – is there any potential here for a share buyback?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think those – our priorities really haven't changed. And we've talked about those a lot, but when – that's – we'll always look at that.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think, obviously, we take a lot of factors into consideration, and certainly, share price is one. But as we've been doing, we will make those decisions and report them out in the following quarter.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We remain very committed to our investment-grade credit rating. We would expect to finish this year in a leverage ratio within our 2% to 2.5% range. So, I'm not telling you what we'll do or not do, but there are multiple factors of which the share price is one.
Operator: Does that answer your question?
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Moving along, we'll take our next question from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, thanks for...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on – just two-part question around some of the diesel issues. And just, A is, just a little more clarity around timing of what the guide assumes for new diesel surcharges or other price hikes. And second, I guess, related to your comment about the implied economic moat. What are you seeing around – like are you guys tightening up your shipping radiuses? Are you seeing competitors tighten up shipping radiuses as a way of combating the diesel? And how's that kind of affecting the local market dynamics if at all?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Let me take the diesel first. And as I said earlier on pricing, we're already pricing up to offset diesel costs. And those are our production costs and how it affects the quarries themselves. So, that's already happening, it'll take a little while to flow-through. As John said, a lot of times that takes six months for work to – once you book it to port to ship. As far as the moats are concerned, what drives the moats is just increased freight costs for someone to come closer to you. And it just allows you to – as when you price, so let's say, five miles away two years ago versus today, that moat got wider and your prices go up. So, that's kind of as simple as that.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And I guess, just relating to that, though, more specifically, if you've seen kind of competitive activity already be affected by that in some of your key markets? Is that enabling some of the stronger growth that you're seeing just effectively less competition in certain markets?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: No. I think there's plenty of competition in all of our markets. The moat really affects price. And I think that – but also, you've got to remember, and this kind of goes back to the fundamentals of price increases, is visibility to coming work is really – underscores and underpins price increases. And that's just not in the Aggregates business. That's from contracting Asphalt, Concrete, the whole – across the whole construction change, that's really what drives the price. And as those – as that public demand has joined in, that is very clear, there's no question that that's coming, and it allows people to – more confidence in raising prices.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And my second question just relates, and sorry to harp on price a bit here, but...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: It's all right.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: ...I'm just trying to understand the second half guide and you guys talked about it a couple of different ways as far as what the true like-for-like pricing is. And so I think, throughout that, it was 3% to 4%, and 80% of your market. So, when we're looking at the price guide for the second half, what would you say as far – is the mix impact in the geographic mix impact in your second half pricing commentary? Is it the same, has that – is it diminishing as some of those, like the California markets, come back just trying to get at really what the underlying change is there?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: The way I think about it is, to try and cut to the chase, we obviously build this bottom up as we look at it. So, I don't know that you'll see exactly the same kind of mix impact that you saw in the second quarter overtime, but we'll continue at this rate of growth. And we're growing shipments 10-plus-percent as we did in the second quarter. When you have that kind of rate of growth, you're a little bit, just as a mathematical definition, a little more prone to mix shifts. So, good, bad, sideways. So, I wouldn't try and read too much of that. To help you, we're expecting in the second half year-over-year price improvements in that 3% to 4% range, in that range of about $0.40 a ton on a same-store basis. Just to give you a rough ballpark. And what I'd really underscore is continued further improvement in our quoted pricing which will further benefit late this year and into 2019. So, there'll be more momentum probably in our quoted work than you see on our shift work, per Tom's comments. But think something on the order of $0.40, 3-ish percent, 3%, 4% in the mix. It's going to be what it is. We don't try and – the last thing in the world you'd ever want us to try and do is to avoid shipments in order to improve the average selling price. So, I hope that helps, but it's a positive story. And it's an acceleration, not a deceleration.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think, important to note, we're pushing prices across all geographies, across all product lines. And so, when you – and so John said, when you talk about a mix effect, what happened in the second quarter, nothing – there's nothing bad with that. In fact, it's healthy and good. We simply sold more product in markets like Alabama, Arizona than we expected. That's a really good thing. And as you look at it, we're always going to maximize all the products in all geographies at the best price and margin possible.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We don't mind if you ask any questions, you're not going to ask any questions any harder than Tom's asking the operator. So...
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful, guys. And certainly clear in terms of your conviction on the way forward so thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today will come from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Morning, Adam.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Hey, one more on price. I'm sorry, but are you – would you say you're the pricing leader out in the market or are you seeing others push major (01:01:51) prices also?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: (01:01:55) I think that what you're seeing with pricing is pretty widespread, that's what we're about. And, again, I'll go back. That volume confidence and the visibility to, particularly to the public work coming in, is very good for pricing and that's good for pricing across the construction material segment, whether that's contracting Asphalt, Concrete, and all Aggregate product lines. So, it's pretty widespread and that is really healthy and it's pretty consistently moving up in the vast majority of our markets.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And the dynamics vary a lot market by market. Though, I think people will tell you, we typically play a price and value leadership role over time.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, I wanted to ask about – we've seen a lot of – year-to-date, we've seen a lot of multiple compression for these Aggregates names. Maybe people worrying about the cycle getting long in the tooth. I mean, are you guys seeing any signs that were late cycle instead of something else?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think if you look at where we are in normalized demand across most of our markets, we're still well below it. If you look at the underpinning drivers of demand, the private side, both res and non-res continues to be healthy. What we had suffered with and last year was the lack of flow-through of highway work, as we've talked a lot about that's really pulling through. The thing that we've yet to see is the flow-through of non-highway infrastructure. I would tell you, we're on the cusp of that. We're starting to see that today in places like Florida, as it catches up to what's going on in the growth in res and non-res and that will be exciting to see. So, it's a much smaller segment of ours. But – so, at this point, in the vast majority of our markets, we see steady, continued growth particularly with the onset of public demand.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We're well more than 50 million tons short, a little bit more than that of where we would expect to be in this cycle, our views on that have not changed. The numbers I gave earlier, about just the amazing performance of this business, this franchise through the recovery so far. It's about half way through the recovery in terms of tonnage in our Ag segment. And again, I think most people on this call understand that's still more than another 50 million tons below peak volumes from the asset base we have today. So, we, like others in the industry, would still see a multiple-year recovery ahead. And one that allows for really good compounding of unit margin improvements through time. Which I think – certainly, we, but I think many others in our marketplace are very, very focused on.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys, and good luck, John.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. You're expecting...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: ...double-digit volume growth in the second half, which is certainly a nice acceleration. And it sounds like you're expecting good momentum heading to next year. So, just curious, how should we think about the growth trajectory going into 2019 and is this pace sustainable?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'd look at it this way. I think going to 2019 – and we've talked a lot about this – the private side continues to be healthy, particularly in our markets. What you'll – and we've talked about this a lot. I think what you're going to see is that compounding effect on the highway demand as funds mature and that's compounding within a state like Georgia as the DOTs mature and are able to get work out, and they're not going to wait on one job to finish to probably put another one out. And then, you'll see the compounding effect between states. So, places like Georgia or Texas or Florida which have very, very good growing highway programs will be complemented with the onset of maturing DOTs and money flowing through shipments in places like South Carolina, Tennessee, and California.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And while it's too early for us to give any specific numbers on 2019, in our markets, we like the steady growth we see in residential. As we all know, that's – there's plenty of demand. That's really still a supply-constrained marketplace. For our markets and our business, we still like what we see in private non-res, just what we're booking in our backlogs. We always keep an eye on that marketplace. It has got the benefit of some of those energy projects that Tom mentioned as we look to 2019. The highway transportation Tom just talked about, that's a really good outlook for multiple years. And we've actually just recently begun to see, and it's very early, but the first signs, really, the first signs of some improvement in what we call non-transportation public infrastructure, water systems, airport systems, schools, other things like that. And so, it'd be very encouraging if we see that continue. That's really been a laggard in the recovery so far. So, a very positive outlook. Again, we don't think we'll run into capacity constraints relative to our shipment plan for this year. We'll need to keep an eye on that. Could we sustain growth at this quarter's 11% all the way through the recovery? Somewhere in some markets, we'll run into some capacity constraints. But again, as others have said, aren't ours, but just relate to largely logistics or our contracting customers. We've been very encouraged, and you've heard Tom say, and we pointed out what's been happening with construction employment. So, I would say, keep in mind, at least as it relates to Vulcan markets that for this last two-year period where we had disappointing public shipments relative to expectations, everybody saw the same expectations and they continued with construction hiring in our markets. So, that's – some of that capacity issue is a little bit alleviated right now because of the hiring pattern we've seen in our markets over the last two years.
Operator: And it looks like we did lose our caller. We'll take our next question in queue from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Morning, guys.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Morning, Stanley.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you for fitting me in. Hey, quick question. All else being equal when we think about kind of the mix impacts you've thus far this year, looking into next year, given what you see in your backlogs and the quoting activity, is regional mix a positive or a negative, kind of thinking about those expectations?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'd kind of go a little bit back to mix. As long as you're selling increased volumes in any market, is always good because you're just adding more margin to the bottom line. And as always, we do those from the bottom up. It's way too early for us to tell where we are. If you look at what's going on with highway programs in markets like, I mentioned Texas, Florida, South Carolina, Georgia, California, those are all very good margin markets and play into our strength. So, I think it really boils down to margins. And so, you see the volumes going up, that can only help cost particularly on the private side – I mean, on the public side because it's a better mix of how – you have better sales mix with that and it matches your production mix better. So, that helps price as does the volume – helps cost as does the volume, we've talked a lot about price, you put all that together and it's really why we're so excited for the second half of this year and 2019 because those margins will just grow.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And still I think cost one (01:10:00) is really the main one, which is it doesn't really matter economically. That's, by far, the most important point. But from a headline reported number, as we get into next year and we put a slide in here and the stuff that you can see, Stanley. But you know that Alabama and Illinois, which grew 14% in the quarter in our lower price markets, those are not our fastest growing markets long-term. We've called that out over and over again. Our teams up there are doing a fantastic job running those businesses, but they don't have the same long-term visibility that almost the rest of our footprint has, at least not yet. So, and the distribution cost that affected pricing in places like coastal Texas – you heard Tom say coastal Texas is rapidly turning in those dimensions. So, in total, we'd expect what you got next year is an easier comp in the second quarter, if you will.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, no. I think that's fair. I think that that was kind of the line of questioning. I think there's a lot of momentum in some of these other states that should help from a mix perspective.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Absolutely.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And thinking about next year, right, I mean, so if you guys are down to 2 times to 2.5 times by the end of this year. You have some of your growth CapEx rolling off in addition to what should be very strong earnings. Your – has it – is M&A still kind of at the forefront and/or maybe what are you seeing in terms of opportunities out there? And then part of it, too, kind of goes back to the repurchase piece, right, because I think that there's a disconnect seemingly with the stock with the visibility that I think you all have and then kind of what's been happening here as of late.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would sum up M&A right now, as I usually do, with discipline but a little bit different twist. We're going to remain incredibly disciplined in terms of M&A. I think our focus right now is capturing the synergies of acquisitions that we've made. As always, we'll be very, very selective. But we're working real hard to make sure that throughout this year and 2019, we capture the synergies of the very strategic growth projects that we've entered into and make sure that we're capture – have that going into 2019.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Stanley, I think you're kind of getting more to the core of the issue. But – so, thanks for the question. You're right, growth capital – internal growth capital should be a lower number next year. We had a bump up this year, really, again, as you've heard me said before, just because some projects would have been 10-plus years in the making, it made sense to turn on right now. New quarry in California, new quarry in Texas, for example. So, our cash flow profile should continue to improve quite significantly and it creates a lot of flexibility. So, we wouldn't expect that our cap allocation priorities change at all. But there's a lot of flexibility particularly as we get into next year. And it's something that you can tell we're very focused on as a management team. We've often laughed, this is a good problem to have. And we're going to work hard every single day to keep making it a bigger problem to have. So – but our cash flow profile has benefited a lot from tax reform, it's benefited a lot from the embedded leverage in the business. You're going to continue to see some of the really good growth investments we've made over a number of years mature. So, they're not done with their contribution, they're continuing to improve. And so, again, a lot of flexibility in 2019.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect guys. Well, thank you very much. And John, best wishes to you. I'll be looking for you in five years if we get off the 62% incremental.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: All right. All right.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm just kidding. All right, take care.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen our final question today will come from Scott Schrier with Citi.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning and thanks for getting me in on this call. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how much of your backlog might be comprised of these delayed projects that where price a long time ago and how long we might see that for? And then, I guess, as you think about, right now, we might have the propensity with labor for some more project delays, what kind of measures do you take to account for the potential for delays and pricing mechanisms for the future in your current bidding?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would point out, we've got a number of very large projects that we're shipping. I don't know if they've been delayed now. At this point, we're shipping most of those. They'll ship throughout this year, may have a little bit go into 2019. But what's really important is the work you're bringing on is at much higher prices. And so, that mix will flow out over time. It will take balance of this year probably a little bit into 2019 to do that. But everything you're adding on is at higher prices. And we like the way that flows go and you can see it our backlogs and you can – it supports our plan for the second half of 2018. As far as labor constraints, we don't have any labor constraints. John talked a little bit about this year – about this earlier where we saw our customers with volumes basically flat, grow their labor over the last two years, and they're reaping the benefit of that. If I had to weigh that, I would say, the private, which is more labor-intensive, could have some constraints. The public shipments, which are coming on strong, I don't see those constraints, not that they're not there to catch up, but on a day-to-day basis, unless you have, as John said, a big event. John also mentioned logistics with some headwinds, with rail and potential some trucking at times. But we think those are getting fixed. We got to work through them. But – so, pricing, as we've talked about, continues to flow through at higher levels. And I don't see a big impact on labor unless, as John said, we have an event and you're playing catch up.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then, last question. On Illinois, which obviously has been a challenging market and it looks like you lumped it together with Alabama on that slide to show pretty significant year-on-year growth. And to John's point that you don't think that maybe that's going to be sustained. I'm just curious, was this quarter an anomaly or do you see some better growth or just the demand environment in Illinois?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think what you see in Illinois is a big project work, really driven by airport and toll ways. But we have some good backlogs to that. We will see some continues with that. The problem with Illinois is the DOT is obviously grossly underfunded and has issues with state budgeting as funding and has funding issues. So, with the exception of big projects which I think our folks have done a good job and is right in our wheelhouse, the fundamentals there are tough.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks for that. And, John, best of luck to you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tom for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. As you can tell, we're very pleased to see public demand kick in and our highway really kick off. We're seeing the benefit of that and we'll see it for years to come. We talked a lot about pricing. That jump in demand is driving price increases. And as time goes on, we'll continue to see that. All of this, coupled with really disciplined cost, disciplines and enhancements will drive margins. We're exactly where we thought we'd be right now in the year and we're on track for our full-year guidance. And we look forward to talking to you throughout the third quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co. J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co. John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.
Analysts: Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc. Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc. Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Timna Beth Tanners - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Cassie, and I'll be your conference coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And, now, I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning to everyone. Joining me today are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to call your attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website, vulcanmaterials.com. You can access this presentation from the Investor Relations home page of the website. A recording of today's call will be available for replay at our website later. Additionally, from the Investor Relations home page, you can sign up to receive future news releases under EMAIL ALERTS found in the quick links. Please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks are described in detail in the company's SEC reports, including our earnings release and our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. Additionally, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, Mark, and thank you all of you for joining our call today. Our first quarter operating performance represents a really strong start to the year. Results were in line with our internal first quarter plans despite challenging weather and higher than expected diesel costs. Leading indicators for construction activity in Vulcan-served markets are very encouraging. Recent price increases have been well executed and we expect materials pricing to improve further throughout the year. We're also putting recent cost headwinds behind us. For ton margins in our Aggregates segment improved year-over-year and we expect stronger gains over the balance of the year. We are reiterating our full-year projections for net earnings and EBITDA. When the sun shines, we're shipping strong, although bad weather in January and February drove our total shipments for the quarter slightly below expectations. With more normal weather in March, our same-store shipping pace was up 7% over last year. And April was even better. This gives us great confidence in our full-year volume guidance. Pricing momentum remained strong. When adjusted for geographic and product mix, freight-adjusted aggregates pricing improved 3% compared to last year's first quarter. Many of our price increases took effect April 1. This is consistent with our plans. On a same-store basis, our first quarter cash gross profit per ton and our core Aggregates segment improved 4% versus the prior year. This record result was accomplished despite several challenges including a continued drag from rising diesel prices and the planned shutdown of several large facilities to get them ready for a robust construction season. I'm proud of the performance of our local operations' leaders. Gross profit from our concrete segment was flat compared to the prior year and gross profit from our asphalt segment declined from the prior year due to the impact of winter weather and due to margin compression from higher liquid AC cost. Now, these costs haven't been fully passed into the market yet. The decline also included the short-term negative impact of construction paving business that we acquired in February of last year. Despite the seasonal drag from our downstream operations, we still delivered $168 million in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. This was driven by improving unit margins in our core aggregates business. We feel very good about our readiness for the construction season. We finished the first quarter strong. This was a good start to the year that sets us up well for the second quarter and the rest of the year. Ultimately, I like the trends we're seeing. The leading indicators we monitor support our full-year outlook. Private demand continues to recover across most of our footprint. Residential growth continues. We see a growing pipeline of large, private, nonresidential projects and our markets continue to enjoy strong backlogs consistent with 2018 expectations. We're also seeing renewed development of industrial projects along the Gulf Coast. While we don't expect to shift significant volumes to these projects this year, it bodes well for 2019 and the following years. Public demand particularly with highways has begun to contribute to the recovery and overall construction activity across many of our states. Highway-related construction starts and Vulcan markets have moved further into positive territory. This is now 29% higher on a trailing-12-month basis, outpacing the nation as a whole by 14%. As we all know, we've seen a significant inflow of highway funding across our footprint. We've also seen a number of state DOTs struggle to take new funding and put it to work. Now, we are seeing DOTs adjusting and beginning to catch up, allowing the benefits of the FAST Act and the new state-level revenue streams to turn into tangible infrastructure development. For example, we anticipate solid gains in highway-related demand in six of our key states; Arizona, California, Georgia, Florida, North Carolina and Texas. We are keeping an eye on a number of states that have good highway-funding programs where we may see some shipments later in 2018. Let me add, we expect much more in 2019 and the following years. This would include California, which continued its effort to pull projects forward; coupled with Texas, South Carolina and Tennessee. Our local teams have been doing a really good job servicing our customers in both public and private markets. Our expanding backlogs and accelerating booking pace continues for our full-year outlook for aggregates shipments in the range of 200 million tons. As I said earlier, recent good weather has met good shipments including during April. This demand visibility will support additional pricing gains throughout the year. Other factors such as higher diesel costs and logistics' capacity constraints will also drive prices up. Some of our markets already anticipate another round of price increases this year. As we know, pricing momentum is stronger in those markets that have solid private and public demand visibility. Examples of these would include Georgia, Florida, and looking forward, Coastal Texas. But I would point out that our Aggregates pricing continues its upward compounding move across the majority of our markets. We continue to project full-year average selling prices to increase between 3% and 5%. We also expect that conversion of incremental same-store revenue into incremental gross profit will return to levels seen early in the recovery. I'm pleased to report that our Aggregates operating teams performed well in the first quarter and they remain focused on continuing our world-class safety performance. They are well-positioned to handle the expected upswing in shipments with solid operational efficiencies. And we're moving past the cost pressures of recent quarters. For example, the first of our new Panamax-class ships has been delivered and put into service. This is bringing new shipping efficiencies and lowering costs. Our current projections point to cash, gross profit per ton exceeding $6.50 by the end of the year. And remember, at the beginning of the recovery, this figure was $4.19. This improvement is proof that our local operating teams have and will remain focus on long-term improvement in unit margins. Our asphalt and concrete operations are well positioned as we head into the construction season. As noted, material margins in asphalt may continue to see some pressure from higher liquid AC prices. This depends in part on how quickly prices adjust. That said, our 2017 acquisitions continue to perform well. In summary, we have strengthened our portfolio through acquisitions and divestitures and our demand and margin indicators along with our first quarter performance, particularly in March, give us confidence in full year expectations for net earnings and EBITDA. John, I'll turn it over to you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Tom. In addition to driving our current period results, we are, of course, always working to improve the business's longer term financial strength and growth potential. The first quarter saw several actions in this regard, and I'd like to highlight a few that relate to our organization, our asset portfolio, our balance sheet, and our after tax cash flow from earnings. With respect to the organization, in January, we restructured several of our support functions for the purpose of more effectively and efficiently serving our local operating units and supporting their long-term growth. And in the process, we eliminated approximately 50 overhead positions. Our first quarter results include a $4.2 million charge associated with this action. We are continuously working to leverage SAG to revenue growth, while at the same time making strategic investments in customer service, logistics management, sourcing and other of what we call One Vulcan capabilities. In terms of our asset portfolio, we are very focused on the integration of Aggregates USA during the first quarter. But we also continue to strengthen our portfolio in other important ways. For example, we completed the acquisition of a construction materials business in Alabama, adding aggregates and asphalt operations to complement our existing business very well. We also divested our Georgia ready-mix concrete operations to Thomas Concrete. Thomas is better positioned to grow that particular business, and we will continue to supply aggregates to the divested facilities. Our first quarter results include a small gain associated with this divestiture. Now, moving to the balance sheet. In the first quarter, we issued $850 million of senior notes with maturities of 3 and 30 years; and retired $885 million of debt with maturities inside of four years. Additionally, $111 million of senior notes due in 2037 were exchanged for a like amount of senior notes due in 2048. First quarter results include a $7.4 million pre-tax charge associated with this refinancing activity. We have positioned our debt portfolio for the long-term. It fits very well with the cyclicality of our industry, as well as with the long-life nature of our aggregate-centric asset base and our materials' real price appreciation over time. We have extended the duration of our debt, reduced our average interest rate and achieved and sustained investment-grade ratings. And at the same time, we've been able to fund over $1 billion of high-quality growth investments with only a marginal increase in our after-tax interest expense. Finally, I'll note that much of our long-range planning focuses, as you'd expect, on cash flow generation both at the local market level and the total company level. For 2018, we expect the business to generate approximately $825 million of after-tax cash flow from earnings. That's adjusted EBITDA, minus working capital growth, operating and maintenance CapEx, and cash taxes. As a reminder, we currently expect to invest $250 million in operating and maintenance CapEx for 2018. And at the midpoint of our earnings guidance, we project full-year cash taxes of approximately $75 million; and that's before the effects of debt refinancing actions, the use of AMT and other credits, and refunds from prior periods. This run rate cash tax expectation is approximately $100 million lower than if under the prior tax law. With disciplined capital deployment and compounding improvements in unit margins, our aggregate-centric business model should enable further significant gains in after-tax cash flow from earnings as the recovery moves forward. Tom, back over to you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, John. Our peoples' commitment to outstanding performance has set us up very well for the future. We really like what we're seeing in the business right now. So I'd like to give you five examples. First, shipment growth. The private side continues to grow. And, now, public spending has joined the party and is also driving demand growth. Second, pricing growth. This is driven by underlying private and public demand and visibility to projects, both large and small. Third, unit margin improvement driven by operations excellence and a tight focus on cost control with flow-throughs returning to past trends. Fourth, near and long-term cash flow growth, which reflects the value of our aggregates-focused strategy and franchise. And, fifth, disciplined strategic M&A activity and capital deployment that allows us to leverage our strengths and create new opportunities for profitable growth. In closing, I'm pleased with the way our people are executing. They are demonstrating great discipline in taking incremental revenues to the bottom line, and I am very encouraged by the growing strength that we see in the recovery. We are well-positioned to serve this increasing demand growth, and we are very much looking forward to making the most of the opportunities ahead of us. And, now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: And we'll go first to Adam Seiden with Barclays.
Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, fellows.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning to you, too. So the first month or two, I guess, was perhaps a bit more challenging; and March, it seemed a bit better. And then now in the call, certainly, you pointed to April also seems like continuing some of the attraction that you guys were seeing in March. Just wondering though if you could give us any color on how we should think about the cadence on both volumes priced through the year?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I would tell you that we feel really good about our volume guidance, and Q1 reinforced that. It's not unusual for us to have tough shipping days in January, February. But as I said in my comments, prepared comments, when the sun shine and we're shipping hard, March's pace was up 7% and that wasn't what I'd call reasonable, not-great weather. (18:43) was in the middle of that, we had a lot of rain in California in March. And then April, following that, has been very strong. I'd tell you it's in the 10-ish on the same-store basis, up 10%. We're seeing the big postponed projects starting to ship. I'd tell you our folks are on track. We feel good about the volume guidance, and what kind of reinforces that, I think there's a couple of things. Our backlogs are up. Our booking pace has accelerated. The DOTs are moving for our projects and kind of a small thing, but it's really a tell-tale as we're shipping more on weekends right now than I've seen a ship in years. So, the demand is out there and I think it will flow through as we predicted throughout the year.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And, Adam, you and others know that, but keep in mind it's a low-volume quarter. We're just ramping in the construction season. We really like what we see in March and April in terms of what it means for how we're ramping up. Always careful about extrapolating from any one month, but we like what we're seeing. Some of the mix effects we saw in terms of volume in Q1 really should correct themselves over the year. And I kind of note that you saw us down in some of our core Southeastern and mid-Atlantic markets and up and other markets in the quarter, that was really mostly about weather and in some cases some rail service disruptions, all stuff we'll work through over the course of the year. And in the same vein, Tom, may comment on this further – that really is what affected reported pricings. The real momentum in pricing is 3% in the quarter. And just to give you a little more feel for that, Tom may chime in, but those markets that we were down in volume in the quarter were also the markets that we were – they're not only higher price, they were the most increasing in price. So, if you look across those markets like Virginia, the Carolinas, Georgias, you'd see price increases in the quarter that read like 5%, 6%, 8%. And so, the momentum in those markets reflects the visibility that Tom mentioned. Mix affected reported pricing in the quarter, but the underlying momentum was really 3%. And that will correct itself for the course of the year. It's not an issue for us.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, let me -- if you don't mind, let me take you, I think it's better done if we just take into the fabric of the business, and I'll pick three markets or three states starting on the West Coast, California. And if you look at Northern, Central California demand is good and growing, private is up, public is up substantially. And that's ahead of SB1. We saw really good price increases in April in Northern California. Southern California also seeing solid growth profits underpinned by res, public again is solid, ahead of SB1. Prices were solid in April, and that's on the back of really big price increases in 2016 and 2017. And if you really step back and look at California as a whole, volumes are growing ahead of SB 1, which gives – we got some more confidence and visibility to the public demand as ahead of us, which is reinforcing those step pricing. If you move to East there from Texas, and I'd start with North Texas first, which is really the DFW metroplex, and as I guess our smallest market in Texas, we'd tell you demand has been on roll for years. This year it will be up slightly. Price increases were a little tough in the DFW metroplex, the April ones. We announced those April price increases, but they met with some resistance. If you move South, into San Antonio, we see continuously solid growth in San Antonio, particularly highways in 2018. We've got big highway work ahead of us that we've already started. And the April price increases stuck, and I would tell you that the bid work with things like based on project work is moving up as we speak. It'll move up throughout the year. Going from there to Houston, now; Coastal Texas, which is really driven by Houston, this is a market that's been a drag on us for two years. It's been a drag on volume. It's been a drag on price. And that was the energy market going down. Now, we've actually seen Houston turn over the last 30 to 60 days. Res is back. Non-res is coming. In fact, we're hearing bubbling of energy projects. The public side is solid and this is a market we think supply may be tight throughout the year in Houston. We'll implement some large fixed plant price increases in June. I would tell you that base prices have moved up on quarter work over the last 45 days, and we'll continue to press those throughout the year. And we also got to remember, we're working off a lot of old lower-price work in that market, actually in all of these markets. And then, if you move east to there, the southeast, and you look at just, for example, Georgia and Florida, they're stars. They've got excellent private demand growth. The public side has come on. The large projects have started. We had very good January and April price increases. And parts of Georgia and Florida is a place we'll probably see some midyear price increases. So, to kind of sum that up, if you step back, I think it's really clear that our shipping pace supports what you see in our full-year guidance.
Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Appreciate that, guys. That's pretty encouraging and also very thorough, too. So, maybe something a little bit more nuanced, but you spoke to the $4 million restructuring charge this quarter. I guess it's a fairly small amount. But just thinking about the $4 million beyond just the total dollar amount, is there any change in how you're approaching a portion of the business that resulted in you taking these actions or is it just about getting leaner?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think it's not just about getting leaner. It's really about getting better, and more is not necessarily better. And so, what we've tried to do is streamline the services to our line folks where they got exactly what they needed, not what we thought they needed in some cases. And then – and we actually gave them better personnel and better services. So, it is – a piece of that is getting leaner, but the main focus was to give better services and more consistent services to the folks that are actually making this money.
Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Appreciate that, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to Trey Grooms with Stephens, Inc.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hi, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: ...thank you, gentlemen. So for Aggregates USA, just trying to cut it up a little bit, it looks like things are progressing pretty well there, and I think you guys booked like something around 2 million tons, maybe a little below that in the quarter if my math is right, and you guys are guiding to 7 million tons for the year. So, that implies a pretty big contribution in the first quarter. I think we're around 27% or so, which is higher than normal for your overall business, for the overall company, I think it's closer to 20%. I understand this market has less seasonality, but still seems high. Is there something that would drive a higher 1Q shipment mix there for that business or did the quarter just outperform kind of what was expected there?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Let me make a couple of opening comments on Ag USA, and then John would give you the quarter. As we look at Aggregates USA today, I would tell you it is fully integrated and functioning as one company, it's all Vulcan, great folks and great assets. We believe that we're solidly on track to earn our projected $50 million in 2018. Now – or watch for us and we've experienced some real service headwinds, but we're working hard with railroads to get past those and I think we've kept our customers in rock and there we had to service them. So, that will be a watch for us. But we continue to see significant synergies developing that we're really going to experience until 2019 and 2020, just going to work through those. And I would include in that rail and logistical synergies along with big commercial synergies. And you step back and look at this – it's all underpinned with really strong demand and price growth in States of Georgia and Florida. So, good start to Ag USA, but I think really the – and we're solid there, but the real synergies will be in 2019 and 2020.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Trey, just in terms of the math, I think Tom hit it. I mean what'll 1appen in the quarter is we got some of the early synergy capture, and so on a total contribution basis, ag in EBITDA level or what we call a cash gross profit level, a strong incremental contribution that first quarter as we captured some of the initial overhead synergies and other synergies far more in synergy capture to come, as Tom said, in 2019 and 2020 even on that front. I'll note and we can talk about it offline if you would like. They don't like gross profit for doing contribution basis, it is lower because of the step up in the asset base and the higher DD&A per ton. So, if you're trying to look at incremental flow-through to gross profit, it'll be lower. If you're looking at the contribution, cash per ton, which of course really matters most, it will be higher.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it, okay. That's helpful. And I guess kind of sticking with that for a moment where I guess more on the aggregates side still. You, guys, had mentioned in the past and I know there was some commentary today on this as well. I just want to make sure that we're understanding the cadence correctly. John you mentioned, I think, I heard you right exceeding $6 of cash gross profit per ton by the end of the year in aggregates, and you, guys, have talked about seeing your incrementals kind of getting back to what we saw earlier in the recovery, which I'm thinking that was north of 60% for Legacy Vulcan and you reiterated your guide. So, just any help that you can give us on the cadence of that, kind of going into this 2Q, which just given the magnitude of the quarter, the size of the quarter, any color around that would be great.  I think, obviously, we're pleased with Q1. It was a good start. I thought that our folks performed even then with some headwinds of weather in the first couple of months. Pricing is, I think, I alluded to will grow throughout the year. We had, you know, some January price increases, with some April price increases, and then as we bid work, particularly on the base and some other bid work, it will move up throughout the year. And then John's comment obviously about the Southeast being a little slow in the first quarter and coming back and some of our strongest markets will add to that. I would add to that that, but if you look at our operating efficiencies and cost, I think we are very proud of that performance. Our folks in the first quarter, they actually lower total cost of sales in the face of pretty good headwinds of diesel, tough weather conditions in January and February, which was – eat you up on efficiencies. And then, we went ahead as is normal and just good operating discipline and took some plants down and this preventive maintenance or just big maintenance we had on plants in winter months, where we know operating efficiencies aren't good, it's going to be good and the shipments were low. So, they were ready for the season. In the face of all of that, they delivered cost below prior year. So, I think we're – and again, a good start. I think our operating folks really have their eye on the ball here and we feel good about where we're set up to go into the second quarter.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And, Trey, just taken the full year look and kind of looking at the guidance we reiterated today and what that implies for the balance of the year, just to make sure we're being clear here. We expect in the balance of the year to have rates of improvement year-over-year but, of course, better than we saw in the first quarter and we're proud of what we did in the first quarter. But if that shipment pace growth, we expect to be better. If it's pricing momentum, we expect to be better. If its unit margin improvement, which we really focus on a great deal, much better. If it's flow-throughs, above what you've seen recently, for sure more like what you saw earlier in the recovery, particularly you need to look at that on a same-store basis, but it's going to be north of 60%. So we like what we're set up. We've got a combination going forward for the full-year. I'm not just talking about the second quarter now, for the rest of the year that is good market conditions, we're covering demand particularly in public that we talked about. Make better execution, get some opportunities to improve own cost execution, we're very focused on. And then of course we do have easier comps in Q2 and Q3. So, all three of those things playing together. Again, we're reiterating our guidance today. We'd say not all that's going to happen in Q2. Still some things we're working through, but taking a full-year look, we feel good about where we stand right now.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Great thanks a lot for taking my questions. I'll turn it over. Good luck.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Then, we'll go next to Kathryn Thompson with Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi, thank you for taking my questions today. We as a firm focused a lot on the public side, particularly the changes you're seeing with state DOTs is a change of funding, but an area that we're finding interesting on is on the commercial or the non-res side where we're seeing more billion-type dollar projects that are queued to start up. The question for you, are you seeing those types of projects and the geographies where you compete or are you actually participate in them? If you could give a little bit more color on the types of projects on the non-res side that you're seeing in your backlogs. Thank you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Thank you. We'll see shipment growth in non-res throughout the year. It's in our markets. It's supported by our going backlog and an increased booking pace. There's a continuation of large projects. I would tell you it's concentrated on office, institutional government buildings. We're also seeing what's interesting, Kathryn, I mentioned in the comments about Coastal Texas is we're seeing early activity around energy projects on the Gulf Coast, and that is very encouraging. So, from – and if you look at our markets, I think we're solid with non-res growth, and I think we feel real good about it, and you're right. There are a lot of big projects out there.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, I'd just add. We're seeing at the moment in our markets, and I should say in most of our Vulcan-served markets, which can be different than the nation as a whole.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Sure.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good booking momentum on small and large private non-res work. And we stay focused on that because as you know the large can be a little bit tricky to predict exactly when it turns into shipments. So we tend to very well and share that work. It tends to be a little bit lumpy and more difficult to predict exactly when it turns into a shipment. But for the balance of 2018, our backlog support, our outlook, as you know it's more uneven across geographies than residential would be. You have some shining stars and you have some that aren't. But in total, backlogs booking pace outlook consistent with our outlook, and we kind of like what we see going into 2019, although it's a bit early to draw those conclusions.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thank you. And then on the public side, it's obviously too early to see the full impact of SB1 in California quite yet, but when you shift to a state such as Georgia that now has a couple of years under its belt with its increased funding. Could you give us a little bit more color in terms of what you're seeing in public construction flow-through in the State of Georgia? And in your opinion, how much of it is related more to the FAST Act versus the state-specific initiatives that they passed? Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: First of all, I'm not sure I can separate the FAST Act from the state funding in Georgia. All I'd tell you is, it's good with good. Georgia was a big disappointment for us for last year. It's going to be a big win for us this year with those jobs starting. And there's a number of them that start around the state of Georgia, and the state continues to work really hard to get more work out. I would also tell you the State of Georgia still has ground to catch up to be able to get that money to market, but they're working hard on it and they're a whole lot better off today than we were six months or a year ago. As far as the FAST Act is concerned, the appropriations actually increased the federal funding by 5%, that's about $1.8 billion. And Vulcan states were big winners with that. Of that $1.8 billion, $1.2 billion of it, well, almost $1.3 billion of it, will go to our 20 states. So we're enjoying the FAST Act now and we're looking forward to enjoying even bigger money coming from the FAST Act to our states.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, a couple of just other quick comments for you and others on Georgia. Let me reflect a little bit on kind of quarterly timing – and you all do a lot of great work on this, so you probably know this. But if we're looking a year ago, we're looking at Georgia, we're trying to guess when a certain project is going to start. Now, we're a little more focused on how well the DOT, GDOT and our contracting customers will get the work done, will they be able to stay on schedule and actually take our product in the timing we expect. And so, as it relates to Q2, we're keeping a little bit of an eye just on shipping, pace of projects that have already started. But, in total, we feel like GDOT and the contracting base in Georgia is beginning to a little bit catch the tiger by the tail, if you will, and begin to get caught up. I don't know that they're all the way where they want to be. They just got a lot of stuff they're trying to do. And so, we'll just kind of keep an eye on that. But that's really a timing issue, not a trend issue. As you know, the work is there, and as we sit here now, the work has started for the most part, and it's just a question of how quickly we get the shipments out. It's another good example of Georgia, by the way, Kathryn, of a market – it's a great example of a market where that visibility to public and private, where that visibility links back to pricing. So even in a quarter where, again, due to weather impacts, volumes were down in Georgia, pricing was up a good healthy amount, again, due to that visibility.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: And following up, just Georgia is a good example, and as we look at other states, could you be in a situation where you are tighter in availability of a certain type of product, particularly clean stone, once you get into peak of the construction season or do you feel pretty good where you are today?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that we will see a number of markets around the country get tight on stones. Some of that will be, in general, like we mentioned, some of Coastal Texas and some of that would be specific sizes. I think we have the firepower to deliver, but I think that you could see some tightness in some markets.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, sometimes that tightness and for others is due to logistics reasons, e.g., rail service quality or, in some cases, tight trucking capacity. It's not due to an inability of Vulcan to produce, just to be clear.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: (38:57).
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: But Coastal Texas is probably a good example of that where we would expect to see, although is a bit of a drag on our pricing in Q1, we expect that to turn. And some of that is turning, as we speak, and it's reinforced by our taking ship deliveries, it's reinforced by our getting the dredging started where we get more full draft ships in. So that's an example where we see potentially a pretty sharp turn.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: In think same thing is true for some of Georgia and Florida also.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. And final question is on margins, and I think you touched on it earlier in the Q&A, but I just want to make sure that I'm clear. It's around incremental margins. Just in light of some of the variety of puts and takes with cost, diesel, dredging, et cetera, how should we think about core company incremental margins for the remainder of 2018? Thank you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: If you mean by core company, it's called same-store as in Ag USA.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah, yeah.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think I'd expect to see numbers more like what you saw in 2015 as we had volumes 5-plus-percent growth than, certainly, anything that we saw in 2017. And our focus again is very much on compounding improvements in unit margins. And we expect to deliver significantly further improvements in the balance of the year on our unit margins. Again, if you're looking at incremental flow-throughs, incremental revenue to incremental gross profit, you really are going to want to look at it on a same-store basis.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Again, the DD&A per ton on Ag USA is going to be double that for the rest of the company. So, again, it just will distort the answer, so you want to look at that on the same-store basis.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah, yeah. And that was the intention, just to look at it on a same-store basis.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: All right. Thank you for answering my questions today.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We'll go next to Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Hi. You folks, in the press release, spoke about the weakness in Georgia, South Carolina and Virginia in the first quarter. I'm wondering can you just talk about how demand trended in those markets in March and April. How much did those markets snap back compared to what you laid out as having played out in the first quarter and those markets in the press release?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think, first of all, that was all weather-related, the underlying demand is there. When the sun's out, just like everything else, they're shipping. In fact, they're really strong in all those states, from Georgia all the way up through Virginia and in Florida. And as we've moved into March and April, like the rest of the country, all that is moving up. And one of the places I think is interesting is that's particularly a place of the country where weekend work is particularly strong which just underscores that the work's there. If those contractors didn't have the work and had to be pushed, they wouldn't spend over time to work Saturdays and Sundays. So that's a very good signal of what we saw in March and April and even right now what's going on with weekend work. So I don't think we have any worries about the Southeast. In fact, as I said in an earlier question, I would tell you that places like – of the Southeast are really stars.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We have some minor concerns about rail service quality and some of those rail served markets that's really not Atlanta, but other parts of Georgia, but Jerry I think that's something we're working through. In some ways, it's both an opportunity and a challenge. And I don't know that it necessarily affects any full year outlook. So if your question is, have we seen reversals from the Q1 pattern, the answer I think is yes.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Appreciate the context. And in terms of the logistics issues, so we have rail costs and, in addition, we have the transition on the vessels. Can you just give us a rough sense of putting the logistics issues together? How much of a headwind was it this quarter and how would you expect that to play out over the course of the year? Is there a line of sight on the logistic issues anticipating within the next couple quarters?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'm going to separate those into two buckets. First of all, let's talk about the rail. As you know, all the railroads are having challenges right now, service challenges and we're working hard with them to make sure that we service our customers. There's both challenges and opportunities to that. The challenges will be that we've got to meet our customers' demands. And we also got to meet those demands in growing markets, which is a good thing. So there will be some tightness there, and that's compounded by tight trucking and rising fuel costs. Again, while that is a challenge, it's also an opportunity type markets, tend to be good for us. The – on the other side of this, which leads me into the shipping, we have the most flexible logistics network in the country. We're on multiple markets, we're on multiple rails, so we do have flexibility to get our customers a product. And then, on top of that, we have substantial barge service, and then, we have the most sophisticated rail service throughout the Gulf and on the East Coast. So, those logistics while they are challenges, I think they're also opportunities and that's our job to make sure they're opportunities. And as we said, John, and I've said a couple of times, it'll create tight supply. On our ships and our logistics, we're still working through. We've gotten a long ways through our headwinds that we saw last year with the storms and ships, the dredging on the Texas call is happening now. We'll be doing that in the second quarter, so we'll be past that as we enter the third quarter. We've had one ship delivered in April and we'll have the other before the end of the second quarter, so we'll be walking out of those headwinds also in the second quarter. So, I think to sum it up, from a shipping perspective on Blue Water, we should have any of that behind us as we hit the third quarter.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Jerry, we think that's an important point. It's all consistent with our full-year plans, but won't all be done in Q2.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, lastly, it's been a while since you folks had asphalt gross profits that were breakeven. Can you just talk about a little bit more on the moving piece in the quarter? I would have expected California to have had a pretty good quarter, given with the amount of works. And maybe if you can just frame out how the quarter played out and whether you expect to return to growing gross profits in asphalt business in the second quarter.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. First of all, I would tell you that gross profits in asphalt will grow throughout the year. The first quarter I'd describe is two things. Now, this is a place we have felt some inflationary pressures. The first quarter, same-store asphalt business was impacted with big increases in liquid AC, in raw materials, in energy costs. And we've just – we're trying to pass that through and it'll take us a number of quarters to get that passed through, but that will happen. It always does. The other thing that was in there in the quarter that is not as clear is the ownership, the full-year ownership of our business, our asphalt business in Tennessee. And as you can imagine, in Middle Tennessee, that is dramatically affected by weather in January-February. You're just not going to do anything. So, you're going to lose money in those first two months. I would also tell you that we did very well with that business in Tennessee last year. We will do even better with that business this year in Middle Tennessee. It is a – and by the way, they are very busy right now. I was up there in April, got first hand to meet the crews and the management team, extremely well-run, extremely well-integrated, and this is going to be a star for us in 2018. We're thrilled with that business. So, let the year flow through. We got to catch up on prices to overcome inflationary pressures. And then, we'll see the Tennessee business; it's popping back now.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. It sounds like you're putting...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: ...morning. It sounds like you're pretty encouraged that the DOTs have finally started to catch up on funding. And now that you have some of these bottlenecks easing, can we see some of that pent-up demand from last year to catch up in 2018? And can you provide some upside to your mid-single digit volume guidance?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that what we see in highways is consistent with what's in our plan. And we are seeing some of that DOT catch-up and flow-through, particularly in Georgia. And you'll see some of that – obviously, the mature states like Texas and Florida are doing very well. But I think that – which really is – the catch-up is the large projects that have started and are shipping. And there's a whole bunch of that in Georgia, but there's also a fair amount of that around the country. I mean, I could give you half a dozen jobs and I'll give you a few, but the Poplar Island job in Maryland though – in Winston-Salem, the Northern Beltway, which is over 300,000 tons, I-77 in Charlotte. We've talked a number about three or four big jobs in Georgia, but you've got Fort Myers SR 52 widening, which is 0.25 million tons and Highway 109 and 11 in Tennessee which is a couple hundred, and then San Antonio, the 281, 1604 job, which is – that's 1.5 million ton job. And then, the Connect 202 in Arizona has started, which is up over time at 2.5 million ton job. So, it's really those big jobs have started, starting to flow through. And then, you're starting to see more small work come out of the DOTs as bidding activity goes up. For example, Texas will bid a $1 billion a month between now and August in their highway lettings.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: That sounds like pretty interesting.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I might characterize that with the CFO hat on is a little bit of the work is there as Tom said. Work has been there. We have seen good patterns. Even if you go back to Q4 we saw when we had – whether we had good shipments. But the DOTs and the contractors are not all the way caught up. They're making progress, but we're still going to be a little bit cautious even in terms of our own cost structure. And these are hard things we're trying to do and different than they've done for a long time and highly complex projects. And so, we want to keep a close eye on the actual shipment pace, and just to be more clear, we are not upping our full-year volume guidance today.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then some of these DOTs are appreciate that it's a work in progress. Can you give a little more color in any states that stand out and you called out Georgia and it sounds like Texas and Florida is doing okay, but any color around that would be helpful?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, you've got three states that are – that passed bills last year, California, South Carolina and Tennessee. And you just while there – particularly California has done a great job of accelerating. They only got $4.5 billion – $2.5 billion of work out there in the fix-it-first projects. You're not going to see those states get much work through until 2019 and 2020. We've got a few paving jobs, really overlay jobs that we'll see in Tennessee. I think there's 11 that would constitute about 1 million tons that we either have backlog, we're bidding or we know we're going to bid on. And so, you'll see a little bit of that, but I wouldn't – those new states, I wouldn't put much into this. Georgia, we've talked a lot about, so I'm not going to cover that. And in Texas, Texas is still working through because they continue to increase their funding. They have one of the more mature, sophisticated DOTs to get big work out. We just bout talked $1 billion a month in lettings from between now and August, but they're still working to get out and don't remember they've got – in 2019, they got another $2.5 billion that have come into play with Prop 7. So all of these states, while they're doing better, they still got a hill to climb to get it up and to get that work. They get that money to work.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That sounds pretty promising. It sounds like that gives you a lot of runway and even maybe for things to kind of pick up a little bit going into 2019. And from a pricing standpoint, you talked about how there are certain markets that you called out like Georgia, Florida, and Texas. You could see incremental round of price increases. I assume that's on top of what's been out there for January and April. Can you kind of size up the percentage of your portfolio that could see that benefit and just kind of help us figure out from a timing perspective when would that potentially kick in?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes. So, I would tell you that the vast majority of our markets are seeing price increases, and most these markets are really right for price improvements. You've got the private work that's been there. Now, you've got the public demand that's coming on, people have visibility, both to small and large projects. Our April price increases were in place. As I said earlier, in a number of markets, we're pushing up what I call bid work or project bid work as they now continue as the year progresses. Some markets – we talked about some markets that'll see mid-year, I mentioned parts of Georgia and parts of Florida and some of the East Coast, maybe some of North Carolina to name a few. And remember, we'll continue to work off that older work. I think what gives us confidence in price, I'd summarize in four different places. Number one, the April price increases stuck, some midyear price increases are coming. Number two, you heard us talk about tight supply in some markets. Number three, remember, we've got an inflationary environment that's going on, which only reinforces price increases. And fourth and probably most important is visibility, and not just ours but our competitors' and our customers' visibility to take risk on work – take risk on price because there's no more work behind it. But if you are a member of our management team and you sat through meetings and we visit every state in the first quarter – and by the way, that was really good for us – it'd be very clear to you what our pricing strategy and philosophy is across all products and all product lines. So, I think it's shaping up to be a solid year on pricing.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And just one last one from me. From a SAG performance in the quarter, certainly very constructive, seeing some nice benefits on the restructuring front, but you did reiterate that $335 million target for the full year. Were there any one-time benefits in the quarter or could there be actually some opportunity here? Thanks.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: No unusual one-time benefits in the quarter. And, obviously, we're tracking ahead of guidance and are trailing 12 months, I think, is around $320 million. We're absolutely still focused on the productivity of SAG, as Tom said. It's about being better, not just leaner. At the moment, we're holding our guidance on this consistent. And we're holding our full-year guidance, as we said, full-year EBITDA, full-year net earnings guidance consistent. You know, we're just one quarter-end. As excited as we are about how the season is ramping up, we're one quarter end. I would tell you to get a little bit behind SAG and this is not new for us. The S has been growing a little bit. We're making investments in sales and customer service as you'd expect. The A and G has been shrinking a little bit as we get leaner, better on the administrative side, all things you'd expect us to do. And I think we tell you that, that is an ongoing effort, not something we did just in January and we're done. So, I think it will continue to be leaner and better in some places and we'll continue to make some investments in areas that ultimately drive better customer service and drive higher margins, whether that's sourcing, logistics capabilities, et cetera.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thanks a lot. Good luck on the quarter.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We'll go next to Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Two quick questions. First of all, can you provide me any additional color on backlogs today versus prior years? And then, secondly, can you put a percentage on how many markets might see a second price increase?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We really don't give -- we don't quote numbers on backlogs for all kinds of different reasons.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: We'll give you a directional sense.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. But there's up and, actually, our backlogs are up in the vast majority of our markets, I think as important as that is our booking pace is faster than it was a year ago, faster than it was a quarter ago and it is picking up speed. And that's really demonstrates the health of the demand – the increase in demand and what's going on the markets. And that's pretty – if you look at beneath that and look at the different segments of private and public, the private continues, the public has picked up a lot. So, I think that's – as I said earlier, that's one of the things that really gives us confidence. And in our full-year projection and it reinforces what we saw – what we saw in March and what we saw in April and things to come. If we have another way to put it is on the volume side, if we had any risk in our full-year projection, it's not because of the backlog, it's not because of the booking pace where we stand; it's just how quickly that backlog work turns into shipments.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Yes.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Back to the point about, they're making progress, but DOTs and large contractors, you know, they – not only there, there's a big complicated things of trying to get done. And while some of the type logistics issues we face are really get for pricing, do they limit in some ways, how quickly we can convert backlog work into shipments. Not trying to be – just trying to be a little cautious but not extrapolating from Q1 to the rest of the year. At the same time, everything we see reinforces our full year outlook.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. And any chance I can get you to put a percentage on second price increase? I mean, in terms of percentage of region.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think, I think – well first of all, it's market dependent, it is broad spread, I mentioned places like parts of Georgia, parts of Florida, maybe parts of North Carolina and the East Coast. And we talked about Coastal Texas and the opportunities in Coastal Texas. So, that's one piece of it. The other piece it is not just in announced price increase, but it is the bid one – this is really important is the bid work as you bid projects all along. You continue to press that price. We talked about base in Houston as an example of that. We talked about base in Florida and – sand in Florida and in Georgia. So, that's really tough to do. It is – the key there is those four things that I named that reinforce price, particularly visibility that allow you to continue to press that up. And remember, those downstream customers are also pressing their prices because of that visibility and the knowledge of the work to come.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And put it differently, this is the same thing we said in February. But what we're seeing in the market conditions is such that we expect pricing momentum to continue to build throughout the year, almost being a little bit back-end-loaded relative to maybe prior cycles, in part because of work we're working off and they work working into, in part because of the dynamics that Tom mentioned, in part due to things like future price increases in certain markets. So, pricing, I'd expect to continue to play out and build momentum over the year. But I think you could tell from Tom our directions pretty clear.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great color. Thanks, guys.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thank you. Just wanted to beat the dead horse on mid-year pricing, just wondering, first off, did you get mid-year price increases in any market last year? And maybe just looking backwards, when was the last time that you're able to talk about mid-year opportunities and raising prices on bid work? Are we going back to the last cycle, or had there been more recent instances in which the market was supportive of this type of developments?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would tell you, probably in the last couple of years, that's been tough. Really, 2015 is when we saw that activity. Again, I think what's helping that this year and the difference between 2018 and maybe 2016 to 2017 is the visibility on the public side and more work being bid and it continued to bubble up. Again, Coastal Texas is a little different. It's a place of market that turned, that went down substantially and now has turned. And so, that one that would be an outlier. But the big shift or the magnitude of the shift is bigger there than most markets. So to answer your question, probably 2015.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just my last question is just on the downstream profit outlook. You maintain your guidance for profit growth in asphalt and concrete. Wondering, are you expecting to grow margins in those businesses this year just given asphalt inflation and the timing of getting pricing, and then also material increases on the concrete side? So is the profit growth coming from both margin expansion and top line or is it just limited to top line right now?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: On margin expansion in asphalt, it's going to be tough. We've got catch-up to do within, as I talked about, the inflationary factors. So unit margin in asphalt, as they always do, when the liquid goes up are tough, but they always catch up and we'll be plugging it out as the year goes along. I think that you will see, I believe, margin expansion ready mix as the year progresses and I'll be more bullish on that, that I would be on asphalt. But I do think this, as we stated our guidance is – we will stick with it, at this point, and I think we will do that.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Scott Schrier with Citi.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: You talked a lot about the areas where you've had a lot of strength and the different price increases and everything. I'm curious if for some of the regions that have been more challenging for you and whether they've weighed down your top line pricing even on a like-for-like basis. Can you talk about if any of those regions, if you're seeing the potential for them turning a corner on both pricing and also on the volume front?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: The one that I mentioned and probably stands out the most is Coastal Texas, which it really brought down – it fell pretty dramatically in volume and price in 2016 to 2017. With that turn in Coastal Texas along with some tightness in supply and both the public and now the private work coming back, I think that one's a good example. I would tell you that places – we're going to struggle with price and our struggle with price is Illinois, and it's just a tough market for us. Another place would be Louisiana. We've had huge energy work in Louisiana in 2015 and 2016, and we just didn't have it in 2017 and don't have it in 2018. Now, with the energy projects starting to bubble back up, we got our fingers crossed that Louisiana will follow Coastal Texas, and we'll see more work. But that's not going to happen in 2019. Obviously, that's not going to happen in 2018, maybe in 2019, maybe in 2020, and it will be a watch for us. So those would be a couple that I think – two or three that I would point out and they're different cadences. As I said, we're struggling in two of them. One of them we're seeing a – because one of them we're seeing a turn and expect prices and volumes to come up in the Texas piece, but not in Louisiana or Illinois.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: But they'll still be a drag in the total company reported results...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: ...to your point. In 2018, no big change there. Team is doing a great job locally, by the way; great job on cash generation. But from a pricing point of view, we don't see that turning in 2018 in those markets.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. If you look at quality of earnings in Illinois, I'd tell you, to John's point, very good. They just dealt a tough hand right now, but they're playing it well.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then, can you talk about the concrete business a little more? We saw the strong ready-mix pricing. Is that a function of market fundamentals or geographic mix as well? I know in the past you've had a lot of strength in Virginia. It looks like that was a market that was impacted by some of the severe weather.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that it was impacted by severe weather. I think as we look at North Virginia and the non-res in North Virginia is going to be a strength for us. They'll have a good year. It goes back to California, we'll have solid price increases. Texas, we believe, will do fine and that's really San Antonio with prices. But it goes back to the same thing, particularly in those three markets, and that is visibility of work to come and people being able to – our customers being able to take a risk and put more profitability in it. And we're able to put more profitability into ours. So it's really the same dynamics in those three markets as aggregates, and it's a function of the structure of those markets and the demand in those markets.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: It is true that the acquisitions and divestitures we've made on balance will improve our reported – they have a positive impact on our material margins is the way I would think about it.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We'll go next to Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Beth Tanners - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. I wanted to just touch base if we could on the cost side with cost inflation being a big theme across so much of the material space. If diesel prices continue to creep up, then should we assume that that's immediately offset or that there's a lag effect there, is it small? And what kind of cost inflation is embedded in your guidance at this point?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, I think as we said, our diesel impact in the first quarter was – diesel was around $0.11. And while it was a headwind, we still finished below year-over-year total cost of sales. I think that it will take time, as we say, always is to pass that along. But it is – and you heard me talk about, it is happening, it will happen – but it will be throughout the year. As far as how we feel about our operating position, we said we got a few things to work off in Q2 from the storm and shipping effects, but we'll get those behind us and we're working had to do that. And I think that our plants and operating folks are in good shape. And we're executing well, and that was underscored in our first quarter performance.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Timna, I'd also just highlight that given it's such a big topic out there, I'd remind folks – you on the call know this – but we're so aggregates-focused that inflationary pressures play out a little bit differently for us than it might for other materials company and certainly for other industrials. Reminder, in Aggregates, we own our biggest cost input: it's the capital; it's the quarry. Diesel is relatively small factor, a swing factor. But given the weight to value ratio, higher diesel creates a wider economic moat naturally around individual quarries. It's ultimately a good thing for us. There will be a lag in terms of it passing through the pricing, absolutely. When it spikes up, like it did this quarter, you won't see it all flow through the same quarter. But even with an intermediate-term view, it's not something that I know our team is concerned about. In fact, strategically, we kind of like higher diesel prices. So we're in a little bit of a different position. Now in an individual quarter in the very short-term, is it a drag? Yes. But strategically much less of an issue for us given that we own the key input than it would be for many other businesses.
Timna Beth Tanners - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: That's understood. Thanks. And then, if you wouldn't mind, just can you give us any updated thoughts on M&A opportunities? Are they compelling small, large, any color that you can provide there? Thanks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would tell you kind of business as usual. There's plenty of them out there. We continue to be picky and make sure the ones that fit us are the markets that we want and to make sure we don't overpay and that we're disciplined and that plus the integration as we talked about. So, yes, they're still there. Yes, we're still looking at them and, yes, we're going to be very selective in what we choose to pursue, much less what we choose to buy.
Timna Beth Tanners - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Then, we'll go next to Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Thank you for fitting me in.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hi, Stanley.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Most things have been asked, but I did have a quick question for you on California. Certainly, a lot of positive things to say out there. Is there a way to parse out kind f that core business that you have versus SB1 or maybe kind of talk about your thoughts just as the general market as a whole ex-SB1?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. We touched on that in the beginning, but for the sake of repeating myself, I will. All of 2018, we would tell you and what we have in our numbers and our plan is pre-SB1. If we get some SB1 in there, it will be a bonus for us for the year. The public side is coming on. We had actually a down year in public in California in 2017; 2018, we are seeing it be up. They will help both our aggregates and asphalt business. All of that is pre-SB1. The private side continues to remain strong, particularly res. And we saw that the non-res is not solid. And then, you heard me talk about price increases, very strong in Northern California and solid in Southern California. So, our operating performance is actually improved. This time last year, we were facing pretty tough floods in Southern California. Though we saw rain in March, we didn't see those kind of problems. And I think throughout 2017, we did a lot of things in California to improve some specific large operations and we're seeing those results. We saw it in the first quarter and we'll see it throughout the year. So, our numbers while we're very excited about SB1, I would tell you that's post 2018 at this point. If we get something, we will welcome it, we'll be thrilled with it, but I wouldn't expect in 2018.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect. And then...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Stanley, in terms of the current outlook, a lot of people forget that in California, SB1 gets a lot of appropriate attention that there's been a very significant increase in this very local funding measure and other items and some of that will play out in our plans and more maintenance activity from a public side, overlay works, smaller projects, some of that is in our 2018 plan. But for all the folks in SB1, people forget that there's a very large increase from things like Measure M or the local initiatives.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. No. That's fair. And then, a general theme at least from my takeaway is that the public side is looking a lot better than it was last year. Do you think that's because of the change that the administration has put through on the regulatory front or do you think it's at state DOTs that finally have been able to catch up and be staffed and things like that to get projects out the door?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: In my mind, it would be the second half. It would be – and we've talked a lot about this, state DOTs are starting to catch up. They're starting to deploy those funds. They're starting to put them to work. And that's both in – there's a lot of headlines about the big work and I named a few of them, but it's not just the big work, it is also a lot of small work, a lot of overlays or smaller road widenings. And you're just seeing them catch up, both to their funding and to the improved FAST Act funding.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Started to catch up. Not all the way though?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: No. They've got a long ways to go.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sounds great, guys. Thanks and best of luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hi, Brent.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Any guess how far off normalized levels the demand in Houston or kind of the Gulf Coast overall might be right now? I'm just trying to think about how far down that business went and kind of the upsides from here.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. It went down volume-wise double digit, probably a little bit or more than that.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Two years in a row.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Two years in a row. And some of that, remember, we had very, very large energy projects that were very profitable because of our unique ability to deliver by ship, and we're very – so, they were very high priced, and all that all of a sudden went away. That, coupled with – you saw the private side and res and non-res go down. The highway stuff has always been kind of a staple, but those two really hurt that market, the pricing in that market, the volume in that market, and the profitability. So, the important thing is we've seen a turn there, both on the private side with res, and you're starting to see – and the small non-res. Like I said, we're seeing the energy. And the highway work in Coastal Texas and Houston has been good. It is growing. It continues to grow. And this will be a process to work through. It's not all of a sudden like we go right back to 2015 and 2018 in Coastal Texas. The important thing in this turn is moving the other way. And we thought that was going to happen in 2017, and then we got slammed with hurricanes and storms. And that's also – we had to work out of that. So, we're looking forward to an improved year in 2018 and over the next couple years, getting back to what we saw in 2015.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Tom, the hang-up kind of executing these public jobs in Georgia southeast for weather-related reasons over the last, I guess, three quarters or so, has that held up the DOTs and kind of related agencies in terms of getting new work out just because there isn't the capacity to survey? And what I'm getting at, if that's the case, could we run into a situation where we have a hole or lag again in terms of those markets in working through the public side of things?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think what held up those big jobs – and obviously weather was an impact in the Q3 with hurricanes and troubles going to the southeast, but that didn't hold up the DOTs. The DOTs are still working on – those works had been letted – had been let. They have been awarded. And so, they were out there trying to get going. Some of that was, there was – all of them were impacted by weather. Others were impacted by right of way issues, environmental issues, contractor issues. So, that I don't think was a drag on the DOT. In the meantime, the DOT on a parallel course is working on other jobs and other work. So, I don't think they're in series. I will call it in parallel and the DOTs continue to get better at what they do and what they're doing. But as John pointed out, they've still got a ways to go including Georgia's.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And then some of the large contractors now are also ramping up their own capacity and getting adjusted to this, too.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes. And they did that in 2017.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We don't see a hole, but we're trying to be a little bit, I can say, cautious, bit as cautious in light of some very positive signals including around backlogs with respect to how quickly that turns into shipments, but not because it happens in series. It will still be happening parallel and will build on itself and begin to accelerate. Some of that really is why we see more in 2019 and 2020 than we do in 2018.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Tom Hill, CEO, for closing comments.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company and we look forward to updating you, as we move forward to what promises to be a good year for us. Thanks for being here today.
Operator: And this does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-03-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Kunz – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bill Sandbrook – President, Chief Executive Officer, and Vice-Chairman
Analysts: Blake Hirschman – Stephens Adam Thalhimer – Thompson Davis Brent Thielman – D.A. Davidson Craig Bibb – CJS Securities Scott Schrier – Citi Rohit Seth – SunTrust Stanley Elliott – Stifel
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the U.S. Concrete Full Year and Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is been recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Kunz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please begin.
John Kunz: Thank you, Latoya. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's Fourth Quarter 2017 and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President, CEO, and Vice-Chairman. Bill and I will make some prepared remarks after which we will open up the call to your questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. U.S. Concrete would like to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of that act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially. For a list of these factors, please refer to the legal disclaimers and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC. Please note that you can find reconciliations and other information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K filed earlier today under the Investor Relation's section of our website. If you'd like to be on an e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under e-mail alerts. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relation's section of our website under Events & Presentations. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Sandbrook: Thanks, John. And good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our call. 2017 was another exciting and opportunistic year for U.S. Concrete, filled with record-breaking milestones in many facets of our business. We reached new highs in volumes, revenue and profit, driven by solid growth both organically and through acquisitions. For the full year, total revenue of $1.3 billion, it was up 14% over prior year with adjusted EBITDA of $192 million, up 20% over prior year driven by double-digit growth in both ready mix volumes, which ended the year at 9 million yards and aggregate volumes, which ended the year at 6.2 million tons. We continue to capitalize on opportunities to leverage our market strength and operational efficiencies, which were evidenced by our sixth straight year of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion. We are particularly proud of our performance in light of significant weather headwinds in every quarter of the year within our various regions. Once again, during the fourth quarter of 2017, results in the Northeast and Texas markets were significantly impacted by weather. In the last two weeks of the year alone, we estimate we lost approximately 100,000 yards of concrete sales, which would have generated an estimated $12 million of incremental revenue and $2 million of incremental EBITDA for the quarter. For the quarter, our expense compared to prior year quarter was $5 million higher as we incurred additional self-insurance costs for workers compensation and auto liability. The increased expense was a result of adverse claim development during the year and we would not expect this type of run rate to continue into the future. A significant driver of these results was our relatively recent expansion of operations in New York and California, which have higher costs of claims relative to our operations in the parts of the countries. In November, we completed the largest acquisition in the company's history with the addition of Polaris Materials, an acquisition that will open the door for additional growth in the West Coast and change the landscape of our existing Northern California operations. Building on the momentum we created over the last several years, we also continued to expand our footprint into new markets like Philadelphia and Southern California and bolstered our positions in existing markets, both geographically and through differentiated product offerings, including our non-union acquisitions in Northern California and New York. With our continued vertical integration expansion through the acquisitions of Polaris Materials and Corvette Materials, we now have the capacity to supply over 40% of our internal aggregate needs out of our own quarries and pits. We remain relentless in our focus on operating excellence and the integration and synergistic growth from these acquired businesses. We saw a lot of positive movement out of Washington during 2017. The passing of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 will generate meaningful additional cash flow for domestic businesses. And U.S. Concrete will certainly be a recipient of those benefits as a full taxpayer. We look forward to reinvesting this additional liquidity into our business to build on our momentum and provide significant value for our shareholders. The passage of tax reform will also generate confidence among consumers and employers and should have a major impact on the construction industry and the sectors we serve. The administration also recently announced the framework for its infrastructure modernization plan that would allocate $200 billion in federal funds to spur at least $1.5 trillion in infrastructure investments with partners at the state, local and private level. As part of the plan the permitting process and regulatory barriers are being streamlined, shortened or eliminated. Although, infrastructure activity represented 17% of the fourth quarter revenue, opportunity for additional expansion driven by the FAST Act, state and local initiatives, and momentum from the recently passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the distinct possibility of increased incremental federal infrastructure spending in the coming years. Construction industry forecast and leading indicators are showing strong signs for continued growth across the country and specifically in our markets. The Architectural Billings Index projects growth in each of its sectors and ended the year with project inquiries increasing three consecutive months across the nation. Total construction spend in December was at its highest point for the month in over 15 years with year-over-year growth in both residential and non-residential sectors. Construction employment continues to rise in response to increased demand. The U.S. Chamber of Congress Commercial Construction Index increased once again in the fourth quarter showing continued strength in overall backlog levels, new business opportunities and revenue forecast with a reported 99% of contractors feeling confident in the demand for new commercial construction over the next 12 months. Residential construction markets remains strong with a 50% increase year-over-year in the building permits in 2017. Dallas-Fort Worth, Manhattan and Washington D.C. all remain at the top 10 cities for new apartment constructions during 2017 with Dallas and New York ranking number one and number two in the nation. We feel confident that the nation and specifically our markets had a solid runway for continued growth over the next two to three years with an extended steady recovery that it supported by fundamental growth and gross domestic product, employment gains and industry and consumer confidence. I'll now take you through each of our markets. In Northern California, which represented 26% of our revenue this quarter, we were able to continue the positive momentum after enduring record rainfall in the first quarter of 2017 in the Bay Area. There are many high-profile projects and a wide variety of construction going across the entire area. We continue to strategically differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Recently, our operations in Northern California successfully placed 8,000 yards of ready-mixed concrete in less than 12 hours for a 23-storey office tower that achieved LEED Gold certification in Oakland. Projects of this size and complexity demand product specificity, quality control and service requirements that we believe few can provide. One of the most exciting projects to come to this area will be a huge waterfront project in conjunction with the San Francisco Giants baseball stadium. This project is one of many that represent San Francisco’s dedication to providing affordable and appropriate housing that support continued population growth. In Dallas-Fort Worth which represented 24% of our revenue this quarter significant rainfall and abnormally low temperatures plagued the region in December, hindering what began the quarter with an opportunity to accelerate sales in response to weather deferrals from prior quarters. Due to the deferral of the construction pipeline in the Dallas-Fort Worth area remains very strong with continued growth of population and expected increased investments in commercial and residential construction. A great accomplishment in our DFW market was the successful placement of what has been coined as the mega slab at GM's new Arlington, Texas assembly plant. Our business unit covered over 256,000 square feet with 6,500 cubic yards of ready-mixed concrete. This historical placement included 650 truckloads, delivering continuously for over 30 hours. I want to congratulate our team on the safe and successful completion of this complicated project. In New York City, which represented 22% of our revenue in this quarter, we experienced a substantial increase in public projects during 2017, led by most notably, one of our projects LaGuardia Airport. This vibrant area boasts a variety of building projects across all sectors. And one of the most exciting on their horizon is the master plan industrial park at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, which includes five million square feet of new construction. Job growth is expected to continue throughout 2018, which will continue to drive commercial and residential construction in this vibrant region. Our West Texas region, which comprised of 10% of our fourth quarter revenue, continues to be a steady contributor. The rural strategy that we have implemented in our West Texas market with self-supplied aggregates provides consistent performance and profitability from loyal customers in the region. We continue to see a significant increase of rig count in the Permian basin showing great promise for this dynamic region. Our Washington, D.C. and Northern Virginia operations remain an important growth area for our business. The addition of our greenfield plant in Northern Virginia this year is proven to be a prudent investment with the surrounding construction activity. The Washington, D.C. market is also seeing continued success with a groundbreaking of the district's largest construction project ever. The Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge is a replacement of the original 1950 bridge and a major investment in the infrastructure around burgeoning area of the district. Overall, the economic fundamentals across our markets are very positive and with the recently passed tax reform and precursor to protect potential infrastructure build, we are optimistic about the overall economic and construction industry. Our ready-mixed concrete backlog continues to increase and as of December 31, 2017 was approximately 7.9 million cubic yards, up 7.6% from the same time last year. Now I want to discuss the 2017 acquisitions on our current deal pipeline. In 2017, we made good progress on executing on our core strategy of increasing our share of internally-generated aggregate EBITDA. In spring, we purchased Corbett materials, a natural sand producer in South Jersey to primarily supply a portion of our sand needs to our New York ready-mix operations by water. In November, we closed on the acquisition of Polaris Materials on Vancouver Island to internet supply our own Bay operations as well as shipping aggregates in the markets in Southern California and Hawaii. This addition filled the critical void in our integrated operational portfolio as a rapidly depleting California aggregate reserves while ultimately lead to elevated aggregate pricing levels. Additionally, the Long Beach terminal extended our operational footprint in the Southern California for the first time. The integration of Polaris into U.S. Concrete has moved quickly and its ahead of our own internal plan. We're rapidly moving forward to increase capacity at the existing operations while simultaneously accelerating the plants future development of additional reserves, which were acquired as part of the Polaris transaction. Back on the ready-mix side, as previously stated, 2017 saw us acquire additional operations in Texas and California, as well as placing a stake in the ground of Philadelphia for the first time. These operations also have been integrated into their respective U.S. Concrete regional structures and will be great contributors in 2018. Our deal pipeline in both additional aggregate and ready mix opportunities remains full in all regions as we enter 2018. I'm optimistic that we will continue our deal pace at our historical levels. And 2018 growth will continue through both organic and acquisition related opportunities. Now I'd like to turn the call to John to discuss our fourth quarter results in more detail.
John Kunz: Thanks, Bill. I would like to start by saying that we're very happy to announce that we have completed the remediation of our material weaknesses related to internal controls covering our tax accounting. We put a comprehensive remediation plan in place early in the year. And after completing the 2017 year end review of our internal control environment, along with our auditors, Ernst & Young we concluded at our internal control environment including controls over tax accounting are effective. Now that we have that behind us, let's move on to our results for the quarter. Not withstanding adverse weather and increased insurance cost, we are very pleased with the underlying operational metric that drove the fourth quarter results, which were highlighted by 28th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth. For the fourth quarter, consolidated revenue was $341 million and adjusted EBITDA was $44 million. Average selling price for ready-mixed concrete and aggregate products increased 1.3% and 9.2%, respectively, compared to the prior year quarter. We estimate the incremental weather in the last few weeks of the year resulted in the deferral of approximately 100,000 yards of concrete sales in Texas and the Northeast. For our ready-mix business, our raw material margin percent improved to 49.4% from 49.2% in the prior year quarter. And on a dollar per cubic yard basis, our raw material margin dollars increased to $66.24 from $65.12 in the prior year quarter. In addition, as Bill mentioned earlier on the call, we recorded a $5 million increase in incremental self-insurance expense when compared with the fourth quarter of 2016. I want to point out that the $5 million was not added back to our adjusted numbers. The expense related to – the insurance expense related to adverse claim development during the year and we would not expect this type of run rate to continue into the future. We estimate the impact of weather-related deferrals and insurance costs resulted in approximately 190 basis point reduction to our adjusted EBITDA margins for the fourth quarter. SG&A was 9.7% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to 9% in the prior year quarter. Adjusted SG&A, excluding stock compensation, acquisition-related professional fees and other transition cost was 7.6% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to 8.5% in the prior year quarter. Our net loss attributable to U.S. Concrete was $3.1 million in the 2017 fourth quarter or $0.19 per diluted share. Adjusted net income from continuing operations was $8.2 million, $0.50 per diluted share for the fourth quarter, compared to $0.82 per diluted share in the prior year. Adjusted net income from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2017 was calculated using a normalized tax rate of 40%. This normalized tax amount is consistent with being a full cash taxpayer in 2017. For the full year, income from continuing operations was $26.3 million compared to $9.6 million in the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was $192.3 million, an increase of 20% over the prior year of $159.8 million. The year was a huge success given the significant weather-related hurdles we had to overcome regionally in every quarter of the year. Moving to our cash flow and balance sheet. During the fourth quarter of 2017, we generated $10.6 million of net cash provided by operating activities as compared to $23.6 million in the prior year quarter. We generated $3 million of adjusted free cash flow as compared to $17.6 million in the prior year quarter. The decline is primarily attributed to additional interest and taxes that were paid in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. As a result of the recent 2017 Tax Act, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 28%. We spent approximately $8.7 million on capital expenditures during the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily to purchase plant machinery and equipment in support of growing demand in our markets compared to approximately $9.4 million for the same period last year. As of December 31, 2017, the book value of our long-term debt including current maturities was $693.3 million. This included $610 million of senior unsecured notes due 2024, $9 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility and approximately $85 million of other debt consisting mainly of equipment financing for our new mixer trucks and mobile equipment less than $11 million of debt issuance cost. As of December 31, 2017, we had total liquidity of $229 million, including $23 million of cash and cash equivalent and $206 million of availability under our revolver. Our availability is net of $20 million for outstanding letters of credit and other required reserves. At December 31, 2017, our net debt to the last 12 months total adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.5x. With this, we ended the year with a healthy balance sheet and adequate liquidity that support our ongoing operations and near term acquisition strategy. I will now turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Sandbrook: All right, thanks, John. We're pleased to continue to deliver on our growth objectives and create a sustainable platform for continued success. We continue to believe that the construction cycle has a healthy runway for continued expansion. The policies that have been put in place over the last 12 months, including the 2017 Tax Act and a potential acceleration in U.S. GDP and the potential for an effective monetization program that will increase funding and remove regulatory boundaries, all support positive outlook for growth over the next two to three years. As we look to the balance of 2018, we are optimistic on the prospects for growth in our existing markets and our acquisition pipeline remains a viable avenue for additional growth, including potential new metropolitan market areas and increased vertical integration with additional aggregates. We expect our markets to continue to outpace the national average for construction spending, allowing us to maintain our relentless focus on our two-pronged strategy to first grow organically through operating excellence and superior product delivery and service and second expanded through acquisitions that bolster our existing market positions and capitalize the potential opportunities in new high-growth markets. We expect that the disciplined execution of our strategic growth plan should lead to increased value for our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to updating you on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to the operator for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Trey Grooms of Stephens. Your line is open.
Blake Hirschman: Good morning, guys. It’s actually Blake Hirschman on here for Trey. First question, understanding on the volumes, there was some referral due to weather earlier, in the year I think you said, 200,000 yards last quarter and then updated that to 100,000 yards this quarter. Obviously, it takes time especially in the winter to kind of work through this. Just trying to think about the timing and when that might flow through kind of any update on any color you might have there.
Bill Sandbrook: Yes. Thank you. As we said on the call, there has been deferred volumes throughout the course of the entire year because we have normally wet weather toward the end of the year in Texas and New York. But throughout the year, the first quarter was all California and the middle of the year was Texas. And like we’ve said, it’s Texas and New York towards the end of the year. It all depends on cooperative weather patterns and the availability of our contractors labor force to be able to work on jobs simultaneously. In the event that there is still significant contraction in available labor, all of those jobs have to be worked off sequentially as well as capacity constraints at our plants and with our own driver delivery professionals. So it's going to be worked off through the year as the weather cooperates. You can see our backlog at the end of the year is that historical high at the end of the year period over the course of last number of years. And we're optimistic that that will be worked off as weather cooperates.
Blake Hirschman: Okay, got it. And then as a follow-up on that. On the backlogs, is there any way you can kind of decipher or take a guess at what acquisitions might have added to that? Or is that kind of too tough to tell?
Bill Sandbrook: No, the acquisitions on – for the 2017 acquisitions that we haven't lapped yet were fairly small. If you remember, the Philadelphia operation with action supply and harbor and A1 are fairly small acquisitions. As well as some of those are in segments that are more directed towards smaller and residential type opportunities, specifically in the Bay area, which wouldn't work off large construction project backlogs in their normal book of work. So I would say its de minimis on acquired backlog at least in this period. In other periods, you're absolutely right. When we buy something like Ferrara or Nicanor [ph] agenda, we did inherit a very large backlog. But in the 2017 period, the acquisitions were for different purposes.
Blake Hirschman: Got it, that’s helpful. And then last one from me, switching gears to the Polaris acquisition commentary sounds good. You kind of mentioned, it was a heavier plan and talked about accelerating future reserves there. Kind of with all the moving pieces just was curious if you could give us some 2018 guidepost may be around volumes or expected revenues, EBITDA, anything along those lines would be helpful. Thanks and good luck.
Bill Sandbrook: Yes, you’re welcome. Obviously, we don't provide that level of detail in our existing operations. And what we've guided to in the past is there was very recent Polaris under previous ownership guidance they used to provide. I would say that that would be a baseline and I'm optimistic from there.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis. Your line is open.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning, guys.
Bill Sandbrook: Hey, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: Bill, what are your thoughts on organic ready-mix volumes in 2018?
Bill Sandbrook: Organic? I would say mid-single digits. We're optimistic in all of our markets that we have a healthy backlog that gives us some visibility to substantiate that belief. And I fully think that in expanding GDP, which I think we're all going to start facing with the fulfillment of the tax reform is going to substantiate that as well. So I would say mid-single-digit organic volume growth.
Adam Thalhimer: Perfect. And then, curious about the bidding activity in your main markets and maybe I can get to even rank them, just in terms of kind of how robust the bidding pipeline is.
Bill Sandbrook: I would rank them as of one, one, one and one. All four of our major regions have ample opportunity right now. And we're still in the part of the cycle where we can be selective in the projects that we go after, which provide us the largest opportunity for outside margins in each of our respective operating regions. So Adam, it's really difficult to rank them. They are all very robust at this point.
Adam Thalhimer: And then in New York, are we still talking about this phenomenon where you might see some activity shift out of Manhattan into the Boroughs?
Bill Sandbrook: Yes, I don't think it's necessarily a phenomenon. I think it's basic economics 101. It exists in San Francisco, it exists in New York, where the price of midtown condominiums, apartments or any other type of housing is so astronomically expensive that people are having to shift to lower-cost areas, but still want proximity where they short commute into those cities, which means Oakland in San Francisco and it means that West Shore of the Hudson River in the Northeast.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then, lastly, I'm curious what do you think your ready-mix EBITDA margin would have been in Q4 without those deferred volumes?
Bill Sandbrook: So without the deferred volumes?
John Kunz: Yes, without the deferred volumes probably adjusting for 100,000 yards that we spoke about, I would say, it's around $2 million that would translate into an adjusted EBITDA. So when you take that and if you add back the self-insurance cost that we had, there might be about $7 million add back to normalize where we would have expected it to be.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay, perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Brent Thielman: All right, thank you, good morning. Bill, I know you don't guide, I know it's a little early in this quarter, but just kind of given all the noise of 2017 and even in the last quarter there. Can you just talk qualitatively about how things have started to progress this year so far?
Bill Sandbrook: Well, Brent, the number one determinant in this part of the year and first quarter is always weather. So that's a combination of cold and snow in the North and rain in the South or rain in California. So I would say, if you would watch what's going on specifically in each of those regions, it will give you directionally where us and other situated companies that are dependent on outdoor activities are coming out in the first quarter. And you also have to remember that it ramps up January, February much slower than March. So even if there are some weather headwinds earlier in the quarter that a very weather-friendly March can trump some pickups in weather in the first two months.
Brent Thielman: Okay. And then, maybe Bill, can you talk about maybe how you're thinking about managing through some of the inflationary pressures developing out there? Not necessarily on the cement side, but things like labor and diesel, I guess, to name a few. How do you think about deposit on those arising costs as you move through 2018?
Bill Sandbrook: That's a very good question, Brent. As far as the cost of diesel, the cost of diesel now is up $0.30 some in the quarter year-over-year. And we are in the process of reinstituting our traditional fuel surcharges indexed at a lower diesel value than we previously would have at the last time in the cycle when there was inflationary diesel cost expansion. And that would be just a transparent pass through, not a markup, but just to recover our cost on a like-for-like basis. And that is starting to be instituted now across the footprint and will be messaged to customers here going forward. As far as labor, normal labor, and there are inflationary aspects especially where there is driver shortages in Dallas is well-documented that driver wages are increasing faster than the normal inflation rate, which is being reflected in higher prices. And it's not that difficult to pass through. Obviously, pricing is always competitive. But our customers are facing the same thing with their labor. So they are very well aware of the fact that there is inflationary pressures that has to be passed through the entire value chain into the ultimate end-user. We're very focused on these inflationary periods. Traditionally, in times of raw material inflation outside of the ones that we just spoke about it's a very good time and a very fertile time for ready-mix companies to raise pricing, recapture what their additional costs are and in fact, able to expand our margins. So we're not – we're cautiously optimistic that we're going to be able to continue that dynamic. And would rather face this than a deflationary environment.
Brent Thielman: Okay, Bill, that's really helpful. And I guess, from that standpoint all things equal from a geographic perspective. I know things can swing around but that mid-single-digit kind of price growth assumption for ready-mix still kind of appropriate for the year?
Bill Sandbrook: I would say that's appropriate, mid-single, yes.
Brent Thielman: Okay, and then just lastly how much of the 9% increase in aggregate price is the inclusion of Polaris and I guess, secondarily would you expect that business or price into that business to grow faster than the corporate average this year?
Bill Sandbrook: I would say a large part of the price increase is Polaris coming in at higher price point. And as far as the pricing dynamics across the portfolio, I think there are a significant inflationary pressures on raw materials, especially aggregates in California because of their increasing shortage value. Everybody has to think about Polaris as the California quarry basically. The dynamics that go along with California quarries on the commercial side would be definitely in play for that asset. And as California aggregate pricing and inflationary pressures creep in, we will obviously be able to partake in that.
Brent Thielman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Bibb of CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Craig Bibb: Hi, guys. It sounded like you had wet and cold New York and Dallas, which would push the mix towards San Francisco, but your price is only up 1% year-over-year. What are the factors worth play?
Bill Sandbrook: That is right Craig, there has been some mixed impacts on this. Now California, pricing and San Francisco pricing is historically high, but New York is even higher. And so when we’ve shifted volumes out of New York, our volumes in New York quarter-over-quarter were down almost 4%, I believe. And as that shifted it is a fairly good weather California, it wasn't one for one swap. So there is a mixed shifts in this overall pricing.
Craig Bibb: And nothing competitively changed at ready-mix?
Bill Sandbrook: Yeah, I wouldn’t say that there is any difference in the competitive landscape in any of our buckets, especially with new entrants or with the new behaviors from existing competitors that have been there over the last two, three or four years. I don't see any major competitive landscape shifting.
Craig Bibb: And I realized you guys do not provide guidance. If I take mid-single-digit organic volume growth and kind of mid-single digit price, I don't know that I can get to the consensus EBIDTA number, which is like almost 30% above where we were in 2017. So what am I missing or what has to happen so that we can get to that level of growth?
John Kunz: Let me answer the first part of your question that you are going to have to ask the other people to make up the consensus since we don't give guidance. As far as what you might be missing, I don't know what you have in front of you. Remember we are shifting the portfolio a little bit more towards the aggregate EBITDA side, which is at a higher margin. And we have high expectations for our recent aggregate acquisitions.
Craig Bibb: Okay, and so that actually bleeds right into my next question. You haven't provided a lot of detail on the Polaris acquisition other than pointing to their EBITDA guidance prior to the acquisition. And obviously I think everyone understands that as you increase volume, there is a lot of leverage and that EBITDA margins will snap back well above where they were historically. But it isn't clear how quickly that will play out. So over two years it's a lay up to get to the type of EBITDA margins they were talking about pre-deal, but how does that play out kind of over 2018?
Bill Sandbrook: I fully expect to realize what their guidance was over a two-year period. And as I' said in my prepared remarks, we're ahead of our own plan. So I expect at least partial realization of a two-year synergized plan of somewhat earlier than that.
Craig Bibb: Okay, is there anything that we should be concerned about or sticking points that might cause things to go slower or no surprises?
Bill Sandbrook: Not competitively, not regulatorally. It's only going to be weather, Craig. Because all the other pieces are in place, backlogs are in place, price, forward pricing is in place, the demand is there. It's just the ability to get those projects out of the ground through whether or if labor gets tighter and our downstream customers are more labor constrained, so their cadence of project completion is slowed. Those are the type of things that I'll be looking at.
Craig Bibb: And then the last one. On the $5 million, I think it's workers comp increased. I'm assuming that some type of catch up but you explained that it was worker comp claims are higher in New York and California. So it sounds like maybe that number should be somewhat higher going forward?
Bill Sandbrook: What it really related to was the adverse development of a few claims. So what we referred to it as is our self insurance cost and we had some adverse development during the year, which sort of got us by surprise, we do an annual actuarial review with one or two through the year and look at it actuarially and to make sure that our numbers are correct and it sort of – the number sort of caught us by surprise when we did that evaluation and we had a post catch up to our accrual and that's really what it relates to.
Craig Bibb: But the ongoing accrual will be – won’t change?
Bill Sandbrook: That accrual as it sits right now is right around $19 million. I don't expect that number to change much. But what we're trying to point out is that we certainly don't expect that type of incremental cost on a run rate going forward. We just – we believe that's an abnormally high charge or high cost to incur in any given quarter. We will incur workers comp cost as we have in each and auto cost as we’ve incurred in each of the past few quarters. We just don't expect the type of run rate. I mean, when you look at the year-over-year comparison we are $5 million higher than what we were in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Craig Bibb: Yeah, so I understood that but was wondering if the annual accrual should be $5 million higher. So we are $1 million or $2 million per quarter higher going forward.
John Kunz: So as we grow and as what Bill was referring to, as we grow in California and New York, you will see increased expenses associated with that, because it's really tied to correlation in the hours worked. So we will see some increase. I don't have a number to give you an exact number because it depends on a lot different factors associated with it. But again, the $5 million is just what we thought was a very high number.
Craig Bibb: Okay, yeah, That makes sense. Congratulations on the great year 20% EBITDA growth against all that weather that's fantastic.
Bill Sandbrook: Well thanks Craig, appreciate that.
Operator: The next is from Scott Schrier with Citi. Your line is open.
Scott Schrier: Hi, good morning, I wanted to follow-up on the previous question about inflation, your comments on the fuel surcharges. Considering that we have seen material spread margin has been decelerating a little bit over the year. If you really want to push through these fuel surcharges and I could imagine we're getting some of those volumes back, is it fair to say that we should expect more of a normalized operating leverage in ready-mix in 2018 or based on some of those factors should we expect it to trend possibly a little bit lower than what we consider normalized.
Bill Sandbrook: I would go with a normalized thesis. As we recapture some of the inflationary pressure in specifically in our fuels, that will be additive. But the deceleration that you reflected on, we ended last year's fourth quarter on a material margin spread of 49.2%, we are at 49.4% now we actually and then expanded that in the first quarter of this year from 49.2% to 49.6%. So there can't be an expansionary aspect of this because we ended the year higher than we did in the previous year. And any time you get material margins up close to 50%, I mean those are world-class numbers. So I would dispute the fact that these are decelerating. In fact, the dollar-on-dollar total material margin has expanded significantly through the last number of quarters. But to your point, I would expect a normalized run rate on these margins and costs.
Scott Schrier: Got it. And then on aggregates on the volume growth, I'm just curious if you could parsed it out a little bit. I mean I know up north we had the bad weather. Is most of that growth due to Polaris? Or if you could talk about how much you have seen out of Corbett in the quarter also that would be helpful?
Bill Sandbrook: A lot of that is Polaris because you have to remember, in the Northeast, where we did have somewhat of a slow or weather impacted December. That would have affected our internally supplied aggregates as well. And our external aggregate sales would be affected in a similar fashion. But there is some noise here on the like-for-likes because of Polaris. But I would say most of the growth in fourth quarter was as a result of that, about 80% most.
Scott Schrier: Great, thanks. And last one, can you just talk about how you're thinking about leverage and you’re speaking earlier about a robust acquisition pipeline in all the opportunities. So if could you talk about how you're balancing leverage with your inorganic growth strategy that would be helpful? Thanks.
John Kunz: Sure. As I mentioned earlier, we're about 3.5x leveraged and we're cognizant of that. What we look for with respect to our leverage ratio is on a long-term basis, we would anticipate to be in the mid-2s or somewhere around that range. One of the most important factors with respect to our acquisition strategy is making sure we have sufficient liquidity to whether any potential downturn. And as I mentioned, we have over $200 million of liquidity as of year-end. So there is certainly some room for us to use the liquidity for acquisitions here in Q1. And as we generate cash we can certainly, reinvest that in the business and buy potential targets going forward. But any Bay acquisition we would reevaluate our balance sheet as far as where we are potentially raise capital. Does that answer your question?
Scott Schrier: Yes, great. Thank you very much and good luck.
John Kunz: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Rohit Seth of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Rohit Seth: Hey, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on tax reform and the impact on your tax rate. Can you provide any color on that?
Bill Sandbrook: Sure. I mean if you look at where we were before, we called out a normalized rate of around 40%. So the rate, the statutory rate dropped by about 14. But when it dropped by 14, we lost the Section 199 manufacturing deduction. So when you drop from 35 to 21, that's a 40% reduction. So that would have taken us from 40 down to around 26. But the 199 manufacturing deduction is covered around 3% or so benefit that we lost. So that's how we get from 40 into that 26% to 28% range.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then, a few quarters ago, we talked about incremental margins in like the mid-20s. And given there is a lot of weather headwinds in 2017 might be some inefficiencies, you guys had labor but no revenue offset. I mean, is that incremental 25 still a good run rate in 2018?
Bill Sandbrook: I would say that, that is exactly what we should be. Seth, when you hit the nail on the head. When you have these operations especially in New York that are heavily unionized and you are weather impacted, you have a lot of inefficient utilization labor. And we actually had the same dynamic in our Dallas market, specifically the last two weeks of the month of December, which aren't robust weeks to begin with but we are complete bust this year, which impacted these costs and the incremental margins significantly. But you are spot-on with where normalized is.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then, just on Polaris, you provided a lot of color, thank you for that. Is there any over – immediate overhead synergies that we could use? I know you've disclosed some pro forma financials not too long ago, but it would certainly help for modeling on the quarterly basis particularly.
Bill Sandbrook: We are in the process of taking overheads out of that business, have accomplished some of that during the first part of this year already. As far as dimensioning it, we haven't dimensioned the entire operational aspects of that business. So I'm hesitant to put any color around that other than what I said earlier to Craig is that we – if you look at a two-year post run rate synergized EBITDA, we're pulling some of that back into 2018 because of some of these overhead reductions as well as expanded sales opportunities.
Rohit Seth: Got you, all right. That’s all I had. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Sandbrook: Okay, thanks Seth.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Stanley Elliott of Stifel. Your line is open.
Stanley Elliott: Hey, guys, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Quick question, when you are thinking about the material margin and on a go-forward basis. Is there anything either with admixtures our fly ash or anything like that would be a headwind? Or should we think that's going to be additive to material margins going forward?
Bill Sandbrook: Hi Stanley, I think it's going to be additive. We have undergone extensive negotiations with our admixture suppliers over the last quarter are making some minor tweaks in there that are very advantageous to us. And we look at the – we look a little bit deeper than just the pure cost of the admixtures. The partnership we have with our admixture suppliers to help us to actually obtain higher margin businesses and upsell the aspects of the admixtures they provide us. It is just as important as getting across down to admixtures side. So we can get it on the revenue side and the cost side on the admixtures. As far as the fly ash side, actually last year, our usage was up year-over-year. We expect that to continue. Although, long-term, there are some supply concerns as more and more coal-fired electric generating plants are being phased out for cheaper natural gas and other renewable sources. So long-term, I do have some concerns about fly ash availability but in the short-term I don't see any headwinds.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. And then I think you had mentioned that you guys are 40% internally sourced on the aggregate side. What's the ultimate goal, once we start layering in Polaris? Are you guys 80% internally sourced? Or any numbers or even directionally would be very helpful.
Bill Sandbrook: You might have misunderstood. It would be when Polaris is fully synergized into our operating footprints in the Bay area that will be at 40%. We’d like – we continue to want to take that higher. North of 50% would be where we would want to be over time. The trick on the aggregates is, you are well aware is the cost of large deposits when we're trading where we are and those deals are trading up in the teens, they are somewhat difficult to actually the trigger on, so they have to be a very, very critical to our current, our future operating footprint. And deals like Polaris, as I said, were aggregates are becoming more and more scarce in California, they are absolutely worth the investment. In more rural areas of the U.S., where we don't operate, I'm not interested in. So there is only a select number that are even of interest to us. But I'd continue to look at our footprints, our potential new footprints and any aggregate reserves around them they would be fair game for us to get north of 50%.
Stanley Elliott: And then kind of back on M&A piece with the Polaris in toe, does that help you looking at markets, either in Northern California or in the Southern California, in terms of what we're able to do from a synergized kind of all-in number given the vertical integration potential there?
Bill Sandbrook: It certainly does. I mean, anywhere you can reach aggregates – excuse me, anywhere you can supply aggregates by water into a ready-mix market, either on the costal areas or through inland shipping channels with minimum amount of double handling, those are all candidates for future growth regions for U.S. Concrete, which puts the entire West Coast in play at this point.
Stanley Elliott: Great, guys. Thanks and best of luck.
Bill Sandbrook: Okay, thank you Stanley.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A session. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Bill Sandbrook for closing remarks.
Bill Sandbrook: Thank you. Latoya. And thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning and for your continued support of U.S. Concrete. This concludes our call. And we will look forward to discussing our first quarter 2018 results with you in the future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, this concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co. J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co. John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.
Analysts: Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc. Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Elaine and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And now, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to call your attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website, vulcanmaterials.com. You can access this presentation from the Investor Relations homepage of the website. Please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks are described in detail in the company's SEC reports, including our earnings release and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. As you saw in our earnings release, Hurricanes Harvey and Irma had a major impact on Vulcan's operations and results and this occurred across a significant portion of our more profitable markets. Absent these hurricanes, our results would have been in line with the expectations set forth in our second quarter call. Adjusting for the extreme and prolonged bad weather, our daily shipments rates in our Aggregates segment, for example, were up at least 7% in August and September over August and September of last year. Looking ahead to 2018, we see the conditions in place for a continued gradual recovery in materials demand, for solid organic growth in our shipments and for return to the incremental flow-throughs and compounding unit margin improvements that have characterized our business for quite some time. I'll now share a bit more insight into the quarter and underlying trends and then John will touch on some preliminary perspectives as we look ahead to 2018. The quarter's extreme weather impacted our shipments and margins significantly, disrupting operations from Texas across the Southeast. This included shipments from our Calica quarry in Mexico. We estimate that the aggregates shipments were lower by at least 1.5 million tons during the quarter. In addition to the immediate impact of shipping days lost due to evacuations, storms and extended power outages, we and our customers have been working through the lingering effects of labor market disruptions, haul truck shortages and other logistical challenges. This has been in addition to the necessity of prioritizing debris removal and other recovery work. The storms also impacted our reporting pricing and margins, particularly in our Aggregates segment. Part of the effect can be attributed to geographic mix as we lost volume in several of our more profitable markets and operations. But we also experienced higher energy costs and lower labor and production efficiencies. And we experienced lower utilization rates of our ships and other distribution assets along with a series of storm-related repair costs. In certain cases, the impacts of the storms on our margins were exacerbated by the operating decisions we had made in anticipation of strong shipment growth. For example, we had recently added to our staffing levels at a number of facilities which then experienced significant shutdowns or drops in production versus plan. The storm's impacts have been far reaching. After Harvey, for example, our business in Phoenix experienced pressure on sales volumes due to a shortage of haul trucks. Drivers almost immediately had shifted to Houston to service FEMA's debris removal work. Although our plant operations did not suffer any lasting damage from the hurricanes, these were major events. And it will take some time for our business in coastal Texas and other Gulf Coast states, including all of Florida, to return to normal. Now we're back serving our customers across these markets, but we're shipping a different mix of material and generally a lower price/mix of material to different sorts of jobs than prior to the storms. In addition, we and our customers in these markets continue to face tight labor and logistical constraints. It is certainly possible that the recovery work associated with these storms will generate incremental demand for our materials over time. For example, a number of key legislative leaders in Texas are pressing for significant investment in flood control infrastructure. But for the balance of 2017, we don't expect to fully recover shipments lost in the third quarter. Certain markets, including coastal Texas, the Gulf Coast and Florida, continued to experience a drag on growth and unit profitability into the fourth quarter. As a result, we now expect full year aggregates shipments of 181 million tons and full year EBITDA of $1 billion. But the underlying trends and the very attractive fundamentals of our business remain unchanged. As I noted at the beginning of my remarks, our daily shipment rates in August and September, adjusting for hurricane impacts, were consistent with the 5% to 10% balance of the year expectation discussed in our second quarter call. Public construction activity has disappointed in 2017 as state DOTs and contractors have struggled for a wide range of reasons to meet schedules. But given the shift to higher levels of legislated and dedicated transportation infrastructure funding, this would appear to be a temporary decline before an extended period of growth. From today's levels, demand has much further to recover and our shipments have much further to grow. The pricing climate also remains constructive, with pricing improvements consistent and widespread across the business. Trailing 12-month average selling prices have improved in 15 of our 19 general manager areas. Adjusted for mix and acquisition impacts, freight-adjusted average selling prices year-to-date have increased approximately 5% over the prior year. In terms of core profitability, on a same-store basis, while third quarter gross profit per ton was essentially flat, our cash gross profit per ton in our key legacy Aggregates segments was a third quarter record of $6.45 and that's despite the headwinds I've mentioned. In short, we remain well set up to convert incremental materials demand into incremental earnings and cash flow growth. And last but hardly least, as another indicator of the quality of our local performance, our safety results for the third quarter represented a new record for the company. Our 2017 MSHA/OSHA reportable injuries have dropped by a third compared to last year. Our MSHA incident rate is approximately half that of the industry rate. That's a world class achievement and a credit to our people who are focused on superior safety performance just as they are focused on superior operating performance every day. Now, I'll hand it over to John to cover some of our preliminary thinking about our positioning heading into 2018.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Tom. Before commenting on 2018, we'd like to clarify that our planning process for next year remains in its initial stages. Right now, we're frankly focused on finishing the current year strong. So we'll give guidance for 2018 during our next earnings call and not today. But we thought it would be helpful to share some early thoughts regarding how we currently see the stage being set for next year. Starting with the demand environment, we currently see mid-single-digit growth in 2018 over 2017. The recovery in private construction activity remains strong across the vast majority of our portfolio. And public construction demand appears to be firming up with most markets poised for low single-digit growth in 2018, a clear and positive contrast with the relative weakness experienced in 2016 and 2017. With respect to public construction, a key will remain the pace at which state DOTs and contractors can start and complete planned work and work deferred from 2017. Our backlogs and our order flows relative to public construction work, particularly highways, continue to build, suggesting some upside to the current outlook if delays experienced in 2017 don't repeat in 2018. And, certainly, we'd hope for some normalization of weather in 2018 leading to an effective gain in the number of available construction and materials shipment days. Breaking it down geographically, 2018 may be a year of haves and have-nots. The have-nots would include Illinois, Kentucky and Alabama. These states combined may see modest declines in demand due primarily to weak public spending. Opportunities for price gains in these states may also be limited. Our other states, the haves, would appear poised to see growth in both private and public demand, with private being the larger driver of 2018 shipment growth. Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia, Florida and California should all see demand continue to recover toward longer-term norms. And although further along in its recovery, we anticipate continued growth in Texas, driven by ongoing growth in private demand, along with several large highway projects recently booked. We expect the pricing climate to remain positive across these states also, although some may see a more moderate rate of expansion as individual markets adjust after multiple years of steady increases. Georgia, in particular, should benefit from a strong combination of public and private demand growth in 2018. California demand also looks poised to continue its recovery, with 2018 driven mostly by private work, with the benefits of new public funding coming late in the year and into 2019 and beyond. Given this visibility, California pricing for heavy materials should continue to improve at a healthy pace. From a cost and profitability perspective, certain of the headwinds experienced in 2017 should not repeat in 2018. Examples would include costs related to transitioning to our new ships, costs related to California floods and wildfires and, of course, the costs Tom referred to relating to the recent hurricanes. So, as Tom mentioned, the business should be well-positioned to convert even mid-single digit demand growth into solid organic growth in earnings and cash flows. And the business should also benefit moving forward from the capital allocation decisions we've made over the past few years. During 2017, we expect to reinvest approximately $300 million into core operating CapEx, consistent with our prior guidance. During 2016, we reinvested approximately $250 million. These investments improve the longer-term efficiency, capacity and flexibility of our production and support strong customer service. Having made these investments over the past few years, we expect the level of reinvestment per ton of production to moderate moving forward. Core operating CapEx in 2018 may be lower than in 2017. Our growth capital investments have also performed well. For example, acquisitions closed since the beginning of 2016 with a total consideration of approximately $245 million should contribute approximately $35 million to our EBITDA in 2018. To clarify, these figures do not include any impact from our announced transaction with Aggregates USA. With the close of the Aggregates USA transaction, we will have invested over $1.5 billion in long-term growth since 2013, while further strengthening our portfolio through divestitures and swaps. And while making these investments, we've maintained an investment grade credit position consistent with our stated goals, while extending the weighted average duration of our debt, lowering the weighted average interest rate and retaining excellent liquidity. We retain the flexibility to fund smart growth investments, internal and external, as we move forward. Tom, back over to you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, John. Let me continue briefly on the topic of capital allocation and specifically growth investments. As we all know, our industry has seen a good bit of M&A activity recently. The long-term growth prospects for heavy materials in the U.S. attract capital from around the world. At Vulcan, we continue to evaluate a number of M&A opportunities and we're also pursuing a target set of greenfield core investments and expansions to our distribution network. But, as you heard me say before, we're going to remain disciplined. We're going to stay focused on those assets for which we are the best owner. We're going to remain patient and disciplined when it comes to valuation and we're going to create and capture the synergies. Our planned acquisition of Aggregates USA fits our criteria for investment. The DOJ review continues to move forward as expected. As we noted when the transaction was announced, we anticipate divesting the Tennessee assets. We're hopeful that the transaction will close during the fourth quarter and we look forward to discussing this transaction in more detail once it is closed. Now, I'd like to close our prepared remarks with a quick look again at the fundamentals. After a quarter so disrupted by hurricanes, it may be helpful to step back and consider the dynamics of the business we're in and where we stand currently. In the trailing 12 months, we've shipped 180 million tons. Now prior to The Great Recession, you have to go back nearly 20 years to 1998 to find a year when our shipments were so low a level. And in the meantime, we've seen nearly 20 years of economic and population growth in our markets, where we've continued to grow strategically with an eye on the long game. So, obviously, we see big upside as demand returns to levels that are defined normal consumption patterns over multiple decades. And not only do we have the benefit of our 2017 asset base, we also have the benefit of our 2017 margin structure. Our gross profit per ton today is $4.78 versus $2.11 in 1998. That's about a 4.4% compounded annual improvement in unit profitability over that nearly 20-year period. These are strong fundamentals of our basic but essential construction aggregates franchise and they haven't changed. If anything they've strengthened, thus, our focus on organic growth and discipline and local execution and our focus on continuous compounding improvements to our customer service and our unit profitability. All of the fundamentals for strengthening demand are in place. Private construction in our markets remains strong. And while public construction has been a disappointment in 2017, the need and the demand is there. And the legislation and funding is in place and growing in many of our best markets. As we head into 2018, we have more visibility regarding that demand. And now, we'll be happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our first question today from Garik Shmois of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thank you. First question is just on the preliminary outlook for 2018 actually, just wondering on the cost side. Is it possible to quantify the costs that you believe will not repeat in 2018 and what that potential benefit might be?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Garik, it's John. I'll start, but I think right now, it's not – I think it's a little bit early to do that. We'll try to be maybe a little more clear when we gave official guidance in February. What I would say is we clearly did not see any reason that with a return to even moderate shipment growth we won't return to the 60% flow-throughs and continuous compounding improvement in unit margin that really characterize our aggregates franchise. So – and certainly there should be some opportunity for improvement. I think that goes without saying. But I think it'd be inappropriate a little bit early to try and quantify right now.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's fair. Just wanted to -
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: To give total color on that. I think what we won't see is, as we said in the statements the impact of the ships – obviously we're not going to see the impact of the storms, which were very disruptive for us.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah, exactly. And my question I think was trying to address, if there was a dollar amount attached to the ships and the storms and the fires in California, but understand if it's a little bit early to provide specifics around that. I guess, secondly, is on the price/mix headwinds that you called out in the third quarter. Can you help us understand a little bit more how to think about that into the fourth quarter and then maybe even to 2018? How long you would anticipate some of those headwinds to persist on the pricing side?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think in a short period of time, any number of things could affect pricing. That could be product mix, geographic mix, timing of jobs and even the impact of two big storms. I think the key fact when it comes to pricing is that the fundamentals of pricing of aggregates hasn't changed and it's probably better now. You've got to remember as we always say that pricing is an ultra-local business and that local pricing is a campaign that compounds over time. If you look at the slides that we had for this call we've seen price increases every month for the past five years. On a trailing 12-month basis the price has gone up. And that's just a great example of that campaign. But to put a little color on it for you, let me contrast some markets. If you look at Georgia, which is one of our strongest markets both in the public side and the private side, even though volumes have been out a little bit, we saw – due to timing of jobs and the weather impact, we've seen pricing up double-digit in 2016 and double-digit in 2017. And you contrast that to coastal Texas, where we're further along in the cycle. In fact, we saw – a number of reasons over the last 18 months we saw business probably dip some there. We've seen high single-digit pricing every year for five years till 2017, saw it tail off a little bit in 2017, but believe that it will pick right back up in 2018. And then you contrast that to California, which is in the relatively early stages of recovery with the private side healthy, the public side has not come on, but coming on, we've seen – over the last two years, we've seen high single-digit range to low double-digit pricing. And we'll see very good pricing there in 2018. So, as we always say, remember that pricing is a – it's ultra-local. It's a campaign over time. And the proof of that is that slide where you see very month pricing improvement over five years. So I think, from our perspective, we're very confident that the fundamentals of pricing improvement are sound.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then my last question is just you called out California and Georgia both in the prepared remarks and just now as being strong markets. You also talked about labor constraints as impacting the level of volume growth in 2017. Just wondering if there is any risk that you could see with respect to labor in those two states as impacting demand into the next year. Or from that standpoint or from a timing standpoint, do you see relatively less risk in those states despite the growth outlook?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Garik, I'll start. On Georgia, we'll be coming off a year that had – it was very disappointing in Georgia on the public side and much of that work deferred into next year. So, assuming that some of the same extraneous events don't happen in 2018 that happened in 2017, storms, major interchange, burning down, those kind of things, I think, by the time we work it through off the lower base, we should be okay. The challenge I think in Georgia as we look at it – and I think the same is probably true for California at these levels – is less labor constraint, per se, and more about normalization of weather, a number of available days, and a little bit more just about the success the DOT and large contractors are going to have in getting scheduled work started and done. And labor is a part of that, but so is permitting, so is a variety of other things. And so that's what we'll be really keeping a close eye on in those two markets and the many others as we move between now and giving official guidance is what can we see on the public side that relates to work not just being funded, not just being scheduled, not just being slated, but actually moving dirt and taking shipments from us. And that's what we'll be keeping a close eye on.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We take our next question from Trey Grooms of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: I guess my first one is on obviously the impact of the storms in the third quarter. And then you noted or I guess in the press release you noted that it's a lingering effect that you're seeing. I mean it's not surprising that that's impacting 4Q, but what's the expectation as far as how long that can kind of go on, this lingering effect that you call out? I mean you think most of it will be behind us in the 4Q or could that kind of inch its way into next year as well?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think let me talk a little about those effects for a minute. They're pretty hard to quantify, but I'll try to give you some color on it. We're still seeing some impact on shipments of product splits across a number of our markets and to give – really in the residential sector. So, we're just not shipping – or our customers, our ready-mix customers, aren't shipping like they were before the storm really to residential, some non-res, mainly residential. And I'm sure that's a mix of where the labor is and just getting back to normal. So some volume and some price impact there. Cost continues to be impacted. For example, we have the light load or split ships in the Houston, Beaumont today. We're waiting to dredge those two facilities from the storm. That dredging cost is going to be $2 million plus and we don't know when we're going to get them dredged just because there's that much pressure and demand to get everything dredged from the Gulf Coast. So while it's hard to quantify, we're still being impacted. I believe this will work out. I don't think it will drag much impact into 2018. I think it will be worked out in the next 60 days.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Trey, as I'm sure you and many others well know, while we are back shipping in many of these affected markets, we are not shipping the same product mix to do the same type of jobs. And so it will take a while. We think it will be mostly worked through in Q4. So we're back and operational but it's not like life is back to normal for the people who are displaced out of their homes in Houston, for example. The only thing I would say, Trey, just on guidance for the balance of the year. Those lingering effects are certainly one of the reasons that we reduced guidance. Obviously, third quarter results contributed. Q4 will be impacted. At least early October is impacted by Tropical Storm Nate. So, you take the lingering effects, you take Nate, you take the normal uncertainty around fourth quarter weather and those were all the things that kind of contributed to our lowering our guidance to the place we did.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. And just – I don't know if you can give any color around this, but the guidance for volume that's implied in the 4Q kind of, I guess, low single-digit type volume. Can you take a stab at what might that have looked like excluding these things in the 4Q or the impact of these things in the 4Q? I mean you were able to kind of strip it out a little bit for August and September. Didn't know if there was any color you could give us on your -
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think it would be back toward the guidance we gave you in the second quarter and what we saw in the first couple weeks of August. And we were excited about that, saw some of the big jobs have been waiting on start-up. So, I think we'd have been within that second quarter guidance.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Which was -
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: So, Trey, that's for 5% to 10% up over the prior year. That's kind of what we see is the underlying momentum in those periods of time when you can get a clean look at it.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Got it. Okay. And then lastly for me, on the 2018 kind of outlook for the demand environment I just want to be sure. I understand mid-single-digit demand growth for aggregates. That's in your market specifically, if I understand right. Is that kind of the view there?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: And then with you guys and the M&A that you've done – not talking about Aggregates USA, but the other M&A that you've already closed presumably you guys would – if for no other reason simply from the M&A standpoint you should outperform the overall end market at minimum because of that, right?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Great. That's it for me. I'll pass it on. Thanks a lot guys and good-bye.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We take our next question from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Jerry.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hey, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I'm wondering if you could talk about what you're seeing on the highway side. I guess overall it's our perception that activity levels in terms of capital actually getting spent this year was generally light despite very strong DOT budgets. And I'm just wondering what's your assessment on what's driving the delay in terms of appropriations translating into a meaningful pick-up in highway activity for your business. What do you expect that to look like in 2018?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. As you know, that's been a frustration for us in 2017 and one that we thought would have shift or would have flowed through the FAST Act some of the DOT funding would have flowed through earlier in 2017. Our miss in 2017 was the public work. The private side of the business was very strong, very good. It's up and will be up in 2018. If you look at the public side today, I think, our visibility is a lot better than it was a year ago. Our public backlogs are up considerably and our order flows are up and improving on public work. And we began shipping on a number of the large jobs that we had anticipated shipping much earlier in the year. So I believe and I know our visibility to public work for 2018 is much improved. I could give you a list of 10 major projects around the country, which we thought would have shipped second quarter, at least beginning of third quarter, but are now shipping. Three examples I'll give you would be I-85 widening in Charlotte, which is over 1 million tons. The much talked about 285/400 interchange in Atlanta is now shipping. That's a multi-million – that's 2 million ton job. And then we've also in the past talked about I-16 and 75 widening in Macon got delayed due to right-of-way issues and also some permitting issues. That's a 0.5 million ton done, which we now began shipping. So, with shipping all these jobs, our timing, our insight, our visibility of timing and the pace of shipping is much clearer than maybe what was six to 12 months ago.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And I'm wondering if you folks can comment on California specifically where we've heard some optimism that the SB 1 bill could translate into spending sooner than initially anticipated based on how tax revenue collection is going and the urgency to put capital in the ground. Based on what you're seeing when do you think you start to see the benefit of SB 1 in your business?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think California really is exciting place for us and, again, the private side is strong, been strong. Both non-res and res are very healthy there. And now we've got SB 1. Back in the summer, Caltrans announced $1 billion of accelerated funding. And then, in October, they announced the 90 fix-it-first transportation, or $3.4 billion of accelerated spending. And that second announcement includes 1,200 lane miles of pavement, replacing or repairing 66 bridges, and a number of like 300 culvert and drainage repairs or replacements. Most of that will come – you'll see a little bit of that probably in 2018, most will come 2019 and 2020. Obviously overlays will go faster but I think with all of this remember it takes normally two years to flow through. We've seen it in a number of bills. Now they'll get some of that accelerated and start shipping because there's a lot of public pressure to fix the roads in California.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: So, Jerry, just to help you with the math on that a little bit and others. As we look toward 2018, California shipment growth is still driven almost entirely by private growth in our current outlook. The efforts at Caltrans to pull projects forward are very good news, but pulling them forward doesn't mean we're shipping on them in early 2018. It means they're starting the work on the project. And so should benefit us maybe some late in the year. But it's not something that we have baked in for 2018, if you will. Back on California, stepping back just a little bit, we continue to think California looks a lot like Texas did four or five years ago. And as you heard Tom say and you heard me say, that's reflected in what should be a pretty darn constructive pricing climate, not only for our products, but for all heavy materials in California as we look toward next year. And it's really at that different stage of the cycle, so we're excited about it. But 2018 will still be largely private-oriented. Maybe with a little bit of upside if the public comes a little bit sooner but we think that's more 2019, 2020 and for many years beyond.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Phil Ng of Jefferies has our next question. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: You called out project delays and logistical issues at the DOT last quarter. Have you seen any improvement on that front and any lift from FAST? It doesn't sound like there's much. And, separately, you're calling for a low single-digit growth in public spending next year. Is that generally in line with what you expected coming into the year? Thanks.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I'll kind of play back the story on expectations because again, I think, the theme is that in 2017 public has been the disappointment. At the beginning of 2017, we and others would have expected mid-single digit growth in public demand. What we have seen in 2017 and probably will have seen by the end of the year is mid-single digit decline in demand. So, as Tom said, that's where the miss is. The important thing is as we look to 2018 we actually see firming up and a return to growth in public spending and public demand across really all of our footprint, with the exceptions that I noted of Alabama, Kentucky, and Illinois.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And that's very good for the overall health of our business. We don't have in that mid-single digit growth outlook for next year, which again preliminary. We'll revise it between now and when we give official guidance. As you noted, that's not predicated on a huge jump in public spending. That's predicated on stabilized, low-mid, low-single-digit growth in public spending. So if people are able to get projects out the door more quickly, when that begins to accelerate, there could be a little bit of upside to that. But we don't see it happening certainly in the first half of 2018 yet. Something we'll keep a close eye on.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think back to our earlier comments is the visibility of the jobs that we've got started and that we know we're going to ship. And the ones that we haven't, we don't know yet. We just don't know the timing of them.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you. And then I guess just one last one. I mean coming into the year, there's certainly a lot of euphoria with this administration pushing through an infrastructure bill. But just given some of the delays in – whether it's healthcare, tax reform, has that lack of clarity in D.C. led to any delays in projects and funding getting pushed out? Thanks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: No, it hasn't. And as we said before, this is something this country needs, and it's not a matter of if, but when. But in the meantime, we've got very good business. The private side has been growing, will continue to grow. We're starting to see the highway work flow through finally, and we're starting to see the FAST Act funding flow through. So when that comes, we'll welcome it with open arms, but in the meantime, I think, demand on both the private and the public side is helping.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group has our next question. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. I just want to first focus on gross margins. Could you walk through the puts and takes on the quarters? Really trying to get a better sense of what more is one-time versus the ongoing managed cost, particularly as related to storms. And I know you talked about it in the prepared commentary, but if you could put it around – some metrics that we can better understand for modeling purposes. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think just some color on that. Those storms were really disruptive. We've talked about it. From an operating perspective, you've got to remember. We had – operations were shut down days, even weeks. For example, the West Coast of Florida, our operations over there were shut down two or three weeks. Some of Georgia operations were shut down a week. And when you're down for that long, the costs don't go away. I mean we paid our folks during the evacuation just because it was the right thing to do. But those costs kept building up. So, anything specific we talk about is going to be conservative. I think that we're slowly getting back to normal on that. We'll work that through over the next couple of months, but that's really hard to quantify. John?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, I'll try and give a little bit more quantification and color, but let me first say to everybody it's just inherently very difficult to quantify precisely because the nature of the impacts were so widespread and on so many aspects of the operations. But to try and give you a rough feel the way we look at it. You saw us note that we think we lost at least 1.5 million tons of production deferred, of shipments deferred. Just on the increment given where those are coming from, the nature of it, we think that's probably a $15 million to $20 million hit to EBITDA in the quarter. But then let me go to the profitability of our Aggregates segments and to your point about margins. We think the hit there was probably of a equal and maybe larger size than just the straight volume loss. And this is a function of changes in product mix, changes in production efficiency, again in some cases having fully staff facilities where we kept everybody on the payroll that had no production for a couple weeks, which is very much the right thing to do, freight and logistics costs, unique spikes in diesel, unique spikes in freight costs, which in some cases we ate because we chose not to pass through to customers in the middle of a crisis, repair costs, lower fixed cost absorption, the spike in diesel and its usage in our facilities that you've seen, et cetera, et cetera. So, on the cost side, we'd estimate that's another $15 million to $20 million. But that's an estimate in the quarter. When I say cost, I really mean profitability. Absent that effect, we probably would have grown unit margins, unit gross profit in our Ag segment another 5% to 8% quarter-over-quarter. Then if we go to our non-ag segments, probably about a $7 million to $8 million impact, particularly in our asphalt segment, particularly in San Antonio, which was hit hard economically. So that, I hope, gives you a feel, Kathryn. I just would underscore that it's more difficult than the average one or two items to quantify just because of the very nature of how disruptive this was.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Absolutely understand and I think you've seen us write about that too.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: The other thing – and it's extremely helpful in terms of that quantification. In terms of the optics for pricing in the quarter and once again this may be difficult to quantify, but when you look at your 3% pricing, what – any impact to that? Did the storms have effect to the optics of pricing understanding that you're shipping more base and fines versus clean stone into the affected markets?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think that it was definitely impacted. We just called out mix being about 1%, but that's – on the surface there was for price, other impacts with the storm that aren't seen there. And, again, we were very careful with our pricing, just because it was the wrong time to raise prices during when people are hurt and in trouble. So that probably had some drag on us also.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Perfect.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, we can cover this offline if you wanted. But if you looked at our non-freight adjusted pricing, just total revenue per unit in ags, it was up probably 5% or 6%
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah. Saw that -
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Relative to our freight adjusted pricing up 3%. And, again, a lot of that was in a lot of these disruptive markets where we had kind of a spike in freight related cost, like an immediate spike that wasn't passed through the way it normally would be. So, there's also a little bit of cost and price impact there in some of these markets that's transitory. I think we'd probably say the overall pricing climate and trend – and, again, you know very well how variable it is by market. It's incredibly variable by market, but total, total across the portfolio tracking between 4% and 5%.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Perfect. Yeah. No, definitely understand that, and just really wanted to get a better understanding of that mix impact from the storm, so -
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Helpful. And then finally -
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And that mix impact – a question was asked earlier, that mix impact is not over. We'll still see some of that in Q4.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. And final question and I promise to get off the storm train. Just when you look at your recovery in Texas and Florida, we've gotten mixed feedbacks from a wide variety of different construction value-chain participants, be it ready-mix truck drivers to building project distributor in terms of the pace of recovery in each of the respective markets. But maybe could you frame a little bit more – are you seeing a fast recovery or a slow recovery you thought in Florida and in Texas, because that will help us? We think that the lingering effect could go beyond Q4 and so this is kind of what we were trying to get some comfort around. Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think it's actually – I would tell you pretty slow, and it's dragging. I think that every day we get a little better with this. Labor markets get a little more normalized, debris gets picked up, and you start to have trucks available. Homebuilders and the thing that concerns us is probably the res side and when we start – when our ready – when our customers in the ready-mix business start shipping to residential. And I'm sure that there's no question there's labor constraints there with repairs and rebuilds to homes as well as new construction. So we're hoping that we get past this in 60 days, but you may be right there. We don't know. And I think like I said the biggest concern is what happens to shipments to res and the timing of that.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And in some markets -
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thank you very much.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Like Florida, asphalt paving is not really picked back up either. So, Kath, I think, it's fair to say that just to underscore that that there's certainly a degree of uncertainty. I'm not sure anybody knows. It's just a little bit the nature of what these communities are working out of. It's not about our quarry operations, but it can sometimes be about our customers operations.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thanks very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next question today comes from Bob Wetenhall of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I swear to God I'm not going to ask a single question about the hurricane, okay. Enough of hurricane. Let's move into 2018, all right.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: All right.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, a lot of detail, forward-looking. I'm kind of feeling like we're 180 million shipment tons for this year and last year. I'm kind of understanding if there's pent-up demand and you're talking like mid-single-digit volume growth next year, that kind of gets me to 190 million tons. You've got some nice M&A that closes I guess end of 4Q, first quarter of 2018, maybe a couple million tons, maybe 5 million tons. Just for thinking and I'm not asking for an estimate or a crystal ball, is like 190 million to 200 million tons like a good conceptual starting point for 2018 given all of the issues we had this year with weather and hurricanes and all that stuff? And some of the comments you made about kind of widespread recovery except John's point there's three states which are kind of struggling. Is that the right way from a bookend perspective, big picture?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think, first of all, we're still working through that and we're still working on the plan. Some of that, as John said earlier, will depend on what happens with the public sector, how fast it goes, do some of those bottlenecks get cleared up? I think as far as the mid-single digit, we're very comfortable with that based on the projects we've seen start and the ones that we know and the timing of the ones that we know are going to go. A lot better than we were a year ago. But I think we're still working through that and trying to get out of the hurricane and into normal business.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And, Bob, we don't want to slide in to giving a number or giving guidance before we give guidance too much. I think I'll come back to private demand climate. It's still quite strong in Vulcan markets. By the way, if somebody wants to ask that includes non-res and non-res backlogs in our markets, certainly through 2018, res very strong across the entire footprint, public transportation, public highway work, strong across – well, not strong – strengthening after a period of lull and what we think is the beginning of a long wave of growth on the public transportation side. The public – what we call public other infrastructure, water, sewer, some other things – not as strong and conspicuously weak throughout this entire recovery. But that's now 10% of our business, when it would normally be 15%. So it's not the big thing. So we absolutely see return to at least moderate growth with some upside. And I'd underscore that we haven't seen anything change in our view regarding our ability to convert that growth into good growth in operating earnings and cash flows.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. I mean you guys have had a couple years where you've been growing volumes 15 million or 20 million tons. So I mean there is no question about your ability to leverage yourself when the demand returns. Maybe we could talk for a second about gross profit per ton. And obviously this year has had some disruption, which has weighed on that and impacted incremental margin performance. How do you feel what's – like, where can you take this, Tom, in terms if we get normalized demand patterns, what kind of gross margin per ton can we start looking for on a dollar basis?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: You'll hear us talk about the flow-throughs of 60% and that's what we'd tell you over time. Nothing has changed with that. We have confidence in that. I think we won't see some of the cost headwinds that we saw this year. John talked about those with the ships, some of the fuel spikes and obviously the cost of the storms and the destruction of the storms. So I think back to our normal flow-through.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So you feel good about continued improvement in profitability. Final question and pass it on. Am I right to detect a subtle shift in your capital allocation strategy? Because you guys spoke more and focused more on it during your prepared remarks. Is there any kind of tilt to how you're putting money back to work? And how should we be thinking about that for next year, 2018? Thanks and good luck.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good question, Bob. John. I don't think there is any change in strategy. In fact, it's very consistent with what we've been on for a long time. We did just want to note that on – we're still very focused on a free cash flow generation, and we think we should have accelerating free cash flow generation over time. As you hear Tom say all the time, we're going to stay disciplined on our deployment of capital back into M&A and other growth with an underscore of discipline. But we do think that we've caught up on some amount of our, I'm going to call it, core maintenance and operating CapEx investments. We've made some very good investments there. And we'll talk about this more when we give guidance next year, but we'd expect our core maintenance operating CapEx number to maybe even next year be down a little bit despite production being up a little bit. We think that number will kind of moderate, but no change to our long-term outlook or certainly no change to the capital allocation disciplines we've been following for some time.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So you're saying EBITDA grows potentially but CapEx goes lower, so free cash flow strengthens, correct?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's awesome. Good luck. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis has our next question. Please go ahead.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask first – you said mid-single digit volume growth expected for next year. Could pricing also be up mid-single digits or those three states you mentioned, does that drag down the average a bit?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think as you look at it, we're not there. We actually couldn't give you guidance, because we're still doing the work. But what I would repeat is that the environment for price increases is very healthy. We've got population growth. We've got employment growth. Our customers are growing their pricing and everybody recognizes that our business – we need to add to the profitability of it. So the environment is good. People see work out ahead of them. The visibility is very good, so they can take a risk on price all the way through the construction business, not just aggregates. So, while we won't put a number on that at this point, I'd tell you that the environment is good for price increases.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that, Tom. And as a follow up I'm just curious. What's your view on the M&A landscape in 2018? Do you see a moderation of the large deals and maybe just a few comments on your priorities for M&A?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Those deals will come and go, and you never can predict them. I mean we're working on a number of M&A opportunities as we speak, and they'll be all shapes and sizes, and you just can't predict that. When someone gets ready to sell, they're available. As always, I think, we're focused on the discipline about what markets we want to be in, what synergies do we have and are unique to us, and how we put them to work. Obviously, you've got to be disciplined on what you're willing to pay for an acquisition. And then as important as anything, once you get it, you have to be disciplined about integrating it and making it profitable as fast as you can and make it a part of the Vulcan franchise and part of the Vulcan family as fast as you can. So, we're busy with that. There is deals working right now, but to predict size and number for 2018, really tough to do. I can tell you right now that the M&A part of our business is very busy.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Scott Schrier of Citi. Please go ahead.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to talk specifically about Virginia a little bit. You continue to have a lot of strength and the right mix and I just want to see what you're seeing in the state both on the public and private side, whether you think that's going to continue and how you look at the pricing environment there? And I guess as a follow-up to the last question, how you'd view the M&A environment in the state of Virginia?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Virginia is strong. I think if we talk to you – in 2016, our weakness in Virginia was non-res. We predicted it coming back. It has come back. That has really added to our growth in ready-mix in Virginia. Res continues to be healthy and the public side is healthy. So really good market both from demand perspective and also from a pricing environment, both in all the way through the construction materials mix. I think aggregates prices have gone up for Virginia and will go up healthy in 2018 and we continue to see ready-mix prices and unit profitability grow in Virginia. It's a good market for us. And I think our folks are doing a really good job there.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. And I wanted to touch real quick on the SAG expense. It looks pretty low. Just wanted to see if there is anything there and how you're looking at progress in SAG as we head into 2018.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Say, if I'll start on SAG, I don't know that we'd say it's low. We're never – we're always looking at it. It's an area of continued focus for us, both in leveraging at the sales going forward as we've talked about a good bit but also in terms of making sure SAG dollars are deployed against those things that better serve our customers, better serve our people and just drive productivity and performance over time. So, it's something we are intensively focused on here. We'd read it as good discipline, good focus in line, but I wouldn't say that our job in SAG is anywhere near done. We're going to continue to focus on it. We're making investments on the sales side, the S part of SAG, particularly to serve our customers better and to grow with the small private work we see and to make sure we participate in that part of the growth in the market fully and to do so at a full value for our products. And we're continuing to be very efficient on all of, what I'll call, the support function aspects of SAG. So, good result in the quarter, but an ongoing area of focus.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from Stanley Elliott of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thank you for fitting me in. Before I ask question, one just on clarification, so far as the Ag USA deal expecting to close kind of fourth quarter. I apologize if you have said it, but the level of divestiture that you were contemplating or discussing, all of that is kind of within that framework, meaning, just increasing the likelihood of getting that closed by year-end.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: We can't say a lot about Ag USA. The DOJ process continues to move forward as expected. We believe we'll close it in the – we believe we'll close Ag USA in the fourth quarter. Divestitures will be a part of that. We're also working really hard – and this is most important to us, pre-closing integration and what we can do to make sure we execute on the integration of that business. It is a very good business. We're excited about it. It's great assets in really good markets with really good market positions. They have really talented people and we're ready to get them on board with Vulcan.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And, Stan, just given the way you asked the question. We said when we announced that we didn't expect to be able to keep all the assets in Tennessee and we still don't expect to be able to keep all the assets in Tennessee. So no change really.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: No. It sounds like it's moving according to plan.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And I guess lastly you talked a little bit about some of the internal investments and then some of the new site developments. Is it easier to greenfield a quarry or to kind of work within on an organic basis in that regard? Has anything changed on that or is it just kind of more opportunistic kind of something you guys have been doing for a while?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks for the question. We are doing greenfields and M&A. Greenfields are very important part of our business. It is part of our strategic planning, something where we execute on and have been executing on over the last couple years. We have a number of greenfields working – quarries working right now and a even bigger number of distribution greenfield sites that we're working on or are finished. We don't talk a lot about those because of the strategy and the confidentiality of that but it is absolutely part of our business and a very important part of our strategy.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Stan, I think it's fair to say that it's harder not easier. And when we talk about things that are coming to fruition, almost without exception, they've been in the works for a decade. So, just keep that in mind if we're making announcement in 2018 about greenfield development that they've been in the works for a very long time. It is very hard to do.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, guys. Thanks and best of luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you for your time this morning. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We are excited about the growth opportunities we see ahead of us and we look forward to sharing that with you in our next call, another topic. So, again thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Warren - Vulcan Materials Company J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co. John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.
Analysts: Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Abdul Tambal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co. Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Please stand by, we're about to begin. Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Lena, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And now I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren - Vulcan Materials Company: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. Before we begin, let me call you attention to our quarterly supplemental materials posted at our website, vulcanmaterials.com. You can access the presentation from the Investor Relations homepage of the website. Rather than review each slide specifically during our call today, we will provide the key highlights in our prepared remarks in order to allow more time for your questions. Before we begin, let me remain you that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks are described in detail in the company's SEC reports, including our earnings release and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, Mark, and we appreciate your joining us for the call today. So let's get right to the key points. In spite of aggregate shipments in the quarter being hit hard by a rough weather across the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic, and by specific circumstances in Illinois and Coastal Texas, our unit margins in Aggregates reached a second-quarter record, and the pricing climate remains positive. In addition, our visibility to a turn in public construction activity continued to improve. There are more highway project tons in backlog than we've seen in at least three years. Private non-residential starts in our markets are now growing. They've gone from plus 1% a year ago to plus 8% today. In both highways and private non-res, our markets are outperforming non-Vulcan served markets in starts growth. In addition, highway starts in Vulcan markets are up 7%. Although we have lowered our outlook for aggregate shipments in this calendar year, we see the second half of 2017 returning to growth. The shortfall in aggregates volumes drove most of the gap between our reported results and expectations for the quarter. Shipment results are highly variable across geographies just like you'd expect given the dynamics I mentioned earlier. For example, shipments for Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana were down 12% compared to the prior-year second quarter, well off trends and expectation. This was largely due to weather and its impact on project timing. At the same time, Illinois and Coastal Texas shipments were down 19% and 12% respectively. This was driven by severe reductions in large project work. Yet our backlogs in coastal Texas and Illinois, like most of our markets are very strong and growing. Our other markets combined saw shipment growth of over 6%. This is much more in line with expectation and trend. This growth came despite very tough weather in the East, with the West showing very strong shipments, as expected. It is important to note that the factors negatively impacting second quarter shipments are contradicted by strong underlying demand trends. In fact, looking behind the quarter's reported numbers, I'm very encouraged by what I see. Leading indicators for shipments continue to strengthen, with public construction beginning to exit from the lull experienced over the last 12 months. Private demand continues to recover across most of our footprint, with key states such as California and Virginia showing renewed momentum. Long-term project pipelines for both private and public transportation work continue to build. And now, we're seeing the rate of starts for transportation infrastructure projects returning to growth. A year ago, these starts for Vulcan markets were down 16% on a trailing 12-month basis. This led to a drag on our shipments. Today they're up 7%, and we're seeing meaningful improvements in our backlogs in markets ranging from California to Illinois to Georgia. Customer confidence remains very strong given this visibility, and the pricing climate remains positive. Pricing for the quarter was up about 6%, taking into account product and geographic mix. On a normalized basis, our cash margin per ton in aggregates improved by 7%. Now, this is despite wet material, which is hard to process; on-again, off-again production schedules; and expensive production splits. To give you a better feel for the quarter, I'll briefly compare and contrast two of our important states, California and Georgia. They illustrate clearly the variability in the quarter, but also the quality of the profit improvement that we're seeing at the local level. In California, we saw volume improve by 10%. This is the beginning of the recovery we saw coming in 2016. Pricing improved by 7%, and overall unit profitability improved by 49%. This is consistent with the strong operating leverage that we enjoy. This California growth reflects a strong and strengthening private market, and this is before we feel the impact of additional state and local highway funding of approximately $6 billion per year. This will drive dramatic improvement in the public market. In California, we are also a major supplier to massive projects like the new Rams stadium, which was delayed slightly in the first quarter and has now begun shipping. Now to Georgia. For those of you close to the industry, you know Georgia is a strong market. However, in the quarter things slowed down considerably due to DoT delayed projects and weather. For example. Atlanta had 25 rain days in May and June. These factors contributed to a volume decline of 13%. But I'm not worried about Georgia, Georgia is going to be fine. The fundamental demand outlook remains solid. It is supported by both private construction activity and a defined slate of public transportation projects. Pricing for the quarter in Georgia rose a healthy 8%. This is a strong sign of underlying demand strength. We lowered our volume expectations for the year, which lowered our guidance range. This is due to compression of shipping days and the timing of large projects that we know are going to ship. In addition, I'm very pleased by our growing project backlogs, growing public and private starts, and the growing preconstruction pipeline. We feel confident that we will return in the second half of the year to a sustained period of growth. To underscore the point, the backlog of large projects in Georgia where Vulcan will be the major supplier continues to swell. Big highway projects like the I-75/16 work in Macon and the I-285/400 expansion in Atlanta have been delayed by the DOT as well as by weather. But they will start to ship soon. Now I'll hand it off to John, who will walk you through the details of the quarter and discuss outlook and financing activities.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Tom. I'd like to begin by underscoring that our business remains on track with our long-term goals for mid-cycle profitability. Aggregate shipment shortfalls to date led us to reduce our outlook for the current calendar year. But at the same time, key leading indicators for shipments for the balance of this year and beyond have strengthened in important ways. The pricing climate continues to reflect this confidence in the sustained recovery, and more tactically, the healthy backlogs we and our customers see. The operating leverage inherent in our aggregates-focused model remains intact. And where we've seen good revenue growth, we've seen good flow-throughs. Our expectations for free cash flow growth also remain unchanged. Now I'll dig a bit further into our outlook for the balance of the year. As you've seen, we are lowering our guidance for 2017 due to our reduced expectation for aggregates shipments. We now anticipate full-year shipments of between 182 million tons and 187 million tons. A few comments regarding our outlook for the second half. Starts data for public transportation infrastructure projects historically serve as a reliable leading indicator of our shipments to that end-use, with a lag depending upon the nature of the project. The turn we are now seeing is due to a higher proportion of larger, more complex projects, and as such can drive a longer lag between a project start and our shipment of aggregates to that project. That said, we're pleased to see the turn in this indicator for our markets, as well as the solid growth in our internal backlogs. We take these as clear signals that we are exiting the lull in public transportation shipments experienced over the last 12 months and returning to a next wave of growth, one characterized by strength in public demand joining the continuing recovery in private demand. The long-term pre-construction pipeline continues to build, and we're finally beginning to see that core demand flow through to growth and project starts and our own shipments. Now again, private starts momentum remains solid across Vulcan's footprint, and in fact, it's already showing up in our shipments. For example, we are experiencing particular strength in shipments to private end-uses across the Southeast, and now in Virginia and California as well. So we feel very good about the fundamental demand drivers and about the leading indicators in near-term shipments. But for the second half of 2017, we remain cautious regarding the ultimate timing of shipments to selected large projects, as well as the ability of our customers to fully catch up on work deferred from the first half. In addition, the turn in starts and shipments related to public transportation projects, although very encouraging, has come a bit late in some markets to fully impact 2017 as originally expected. Of note, our aggregate shipments for July were up 2% over the prior year. Most Southeastern markets showed improved momentum as the month progressed and as weather improved. However, we've yet to see a full return to growth in Illinois and Coastal Texas despite strong backlogs in those markets. Our lowered volume outlook primarily reflects the simple reality of the number of shipping days left in the calendar year. We see a return to solid growth but don't know that we can fully catch up to our original guidance in the months remaining. Our current outlook for the remainder of the year, August through December, implies 5% to 10% growth in aggregate shipments over the prior-year period. Our trajectory for unit profitability remains unchanged. And as noted, same-store average selling prices for aggregates advanced 5% in the quarter despite volume headwinds and certain mix headwinds. On a normalized basis, unit cash margins improved by about 7%, again despite difficult operating conditions at many plants. Our cost disciplines remained sound, and in the markets where we've seen meaningful freight-adjusted revenue growth, we've experienced greater than 60% flow-through to segment gross profit. In addition, certain transitory cost issues, such as our transition to new, more efficient ships, will be behind us by the end of the year. We remain on track with our long-term pricing and margin improvement expectations. Now I'll close with a few comments regarding our recent financing activity and our current financial position. Through a series of financing and refinancing actions since the beginning of 2016, we have been able to fund high quality growth capital investments while at the same time, moving closer toward our target debt structure. After paying down our 2018 maturities in July, our weighted average interest rate has dropped from 6.5% to 4.8%. The weighted average duration of our debt has extended from 7 years to 13 years. Annualized after-tax interest expense has grown by approximately $5 million. The rating agencies were supportive of our announced agreement to purchase Aggregates USA and the financing actions associated with that transaction. We remain committed to maintaining an investment-grade position throughout the cycle, and we should be in a position to pursue other smart growth opportunities as the recovery continues. Tom, back over to you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, John. Now despite the volume shortfall, and our revised outlook for the full year, I'm very encouraged by the way many key indicators improved during the quarter, and by what that foreshadows for the second half of 2017 into 2018 and beyond. This time last year, California and Virginia were relatively soft. Now they are demonstrating renewed momentum. Coastal Texas, although weak so far this year, should begin to deliver on a solid backlog of work as delayed projects kick off later this year. And we remain very confident about the Southeast, given continued growth in both public and private demand. Public transportation projects starts returned to positive territory. The pricing climate remains very positive. Our customers are confident, and our recent acquisitions have performed well so far. Now, speaking of acquisitions, I want to comment briefly on our progress related to the Aggregates USA acquisition, and also in general about the M&A market. Regarding Aggregates USA, we are on track with this important acquisition, and the more we learn the more excited we become. Their management team and workforce are outstanding, and the synergies are all there and work well for us. This transaction is the one that checks all the boxes. Operational synergies will include plant efficiencies due to balancing product mix. We will have cost synergies for managing our rail fleet more efficiently. We will serve new customers and serve our existing customers in different ways, with the right product at the right time and at the right place. We are also obviously – we obviously also have back-office synergy. And lastly, we realize that in any acquisition, we have great opportunities to learn from the new business and its people. We continue to evaluate a number of bolt-on M&A opportunities. The M&A environment is rich right now, but we will stay disciplined, and that means staying focused on the types of synergies that I just described. And now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Bob.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for all the color, Tom and John. I'd like to discuss the pricing environment today and what you feel about execution. So two questions. First, you provided a lot of color around your expectations for volumes in the second half of the year, and I was hoping you'd provide some color about the pricing environment in the second half of the year, and kind of how much confidence your customers have given what you were talking about as backlog and some increased activity in both public and private markets. So just to make it a little cleaner, what are your expectations for pricing, and what gives you confidence in your ability to realize better pricing momentum going into 2H?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'd describe the pricing environment right now kind of two words and that's vision and confidence. I think our customers see – they know the backlogs, the work they have, they see the work is coming. There's going to be a lot of pent-up demand. And so, it's a very good environment for pricing because of that. Now, I think that with some of the hard-to-produce products, asphalt sizes that are hard to produce and more expensive to produce, you may see prices go up faster and higher, particularly over the next year or two, particularly due to the rising highway demand and asphalt – demand on asphalt sizes. But people really understand the work that's out there, Bob, and they know it's coming. So, they have a lot of ability to increase prices, all the way through the construction materials group.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Bob, just to clarify on guidance, our expectation for full-year pricing remains unchanged, our expectation for full-year unit margin improvement remains unchanged. Very much on track, despite second-quarter weather impacts. Again, the work is there, everybody sees it, even have some places that are a little bit tight. And so our focus is really just on how much of our product we can get on the ground, how quickly, in the remainder of the year.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Got it. That makes sense. And John, could you send a moment and talk about trends in unit profitability? You obviously had some volume headwinds, but you've got really good price in the first half. It looks like you're getting pricing and volume in 2H. What should be our expectations for unit profitability? And is there room for improvement? Are you guys happy with current execution, given the environment? Thanks, and good luck.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We're happy with current execution. I'll let Tom comment given the environment, I mean, it can always be better, but we're happy. If I step back from that, I'd say our unit profitability and that continuous compounding improvement in pricing and the unit profitability, from our perspective, is very much intact and continuing. If I step back from it, just to give you a few numbers or summarize a few numbers for the Aggregates segment for the quarter, the headwinds we've faced, profitability and total profits were almost all weather-related and volume-related, tied to weather. The way we look at it, we probably lost 4.5 million tons of shipments in the quarter due to weather and related project delays, that's probably a $40 million impact to gross profit. In terms of price, and we call this out in our materials we had about $0.16 of headwind due to product mix and geographic mix. That's probably another $8 million to $10 million of gross profit in the ag segment in the quarter. And then in terms of cost reduction and Tom may comment on this further, we called out a couple of transitory effects, diesel and the cost of transitioning to our new ships; that was about $7.5 million of impact in the quarter. We probably had about a like impact, another $7.5 million roughly, from just operating in these wet, on-again, off-again operating conditions, and having a more difficult time leveraging fixed costs. So in total, the way we look at it, that's probably $60 million, $65 million of gross profit impact in the quarter largely due to volume and weather and selected project delays. I say all that because we expect to return to more normal profitability and growth moving forward, and I think you'll see that reflected in our guidance if you kind of work that through. So profitability trajectory largely intact, execution good. Really just a question of getting the product on the ground in the balance of the year.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I'd add, John, I'd add to that, if you look step back and look at our operating people's performance in the quarter, they did a great job under tough circumstances – really tough circumstances. First of all, their safety performance was much improved. Our accidents went down 20%, reportable accidents, and our lost time accidents went down 35%. So a great job on that, they're really taking care of each other, and that's taking care of business. John said it best, when it comes to cost, the biggest impact was weather, and it was impact for the volume of weather and fixed-cost absorption. And then wet weather, as John said, you're starting and stopping plants, that's really inefficient, and it just slows you down. It's just harder to run sloppy material. And so we did the best we could with that, under the circumstances. And again, this is weather where it rains every other day, and that's just tough to work out of. And then we're also producing a higher percentage of asphalt sizes right now, and this is because of the visibility we have of all the highway work, and they're just smaller size, and they're just slower and harder to produce and more expensive to produce. But I think our ops teams continue to work hard to really work on their operating efficiencies, and it's obvious they're protecting each other, which is incredibly important.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Sorry, just to recap that. So, your – you had great execution in the quarter, you have a positive outlook on both price and volume, and John, just to be specific on the record, you're expecting continued improvement in unit profitability in the second half of the year, correct?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes, the second half, and yes – and this is really what I'd underscore – yes, longer term, consistent with the longer-term goals we've laid out. So, yes.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Nice work in a tough environment. Good luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: We'll hear next from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hi, good morning, Jerry.
Abdul Tambal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, this is Abdul Tambal on for Jerry.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Abdul.
Abdul Tambal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, firstly can you just talk about what needs to happen for volumes to be up in that high single-digit range over the balance of the year? And would you need favorable weather to get there? So which regions do you see at that high end of the volume range, and which regions do you expect to lag?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think, if you look at where we stand from a demand perspective, and what's happened in the markets and I'd – it's all really good. The one place it may be a little soft is non-highway infrastructure and I'll come – Illinois – but I'll come back to those. So I'll start in the Mid-Atlantic. If you look at Virginia, we saw – have seen non – our volumes actually went up in the second quarter, despite tough weather; non-res has come back, housing's been healthy, highway continues to be healthy, we have good backlogs there. Looking at Tennessee, Tennessee is a very healthy state and a little bit of a drag on highways, but that will fix, rectify itself with new funding, and the Tennessee DOT is trying to accelerate that spending, but it always takes a little time. Carolinas continue to be healthy, both public side and the private side and that's before we see flow-through of funding in South Carolina. Georgia, as we say, is a very, very healthy market on all ends, and we have massive highway work coming in Georgia, to the tune of – I could name six large jobs that we have secured that total 8 million tons of shipments. It's just a matter of when they ship. Florida, continues to be good, both on the public side and on the private highway side. Alabama has been a little slow, it's actually growing on the private side, public's a little slow. If you look at the coastal market, growing. Move to Texas, and we've called out coastal Texas and we'll see some big work flow through in coastal Texas, probably fourth quarter. We expected those to ship, both energy projects and highway projects, second quarter; they just got pushed back because of permitting on land, a number of issues. North Texas and Central Texas continue to be very healthy. We saw good growth in the second quarter in both of those. Arizona and New Mexico, while the private's been healthy, the highway work is really flowing through in those markets, and we'll get two pluses there because we're a big aggregates supplier and asphalt supplier, and our backlogs there are probably at records from highway work. California has been a great story for us in the second quarter. We saw the price really driven by the private side. Private non-res has really flowed through there. Housing continues to be healthy. We see a little bit of pick-up in highway work, and remember now, in California, we are the largest supplier of aggregates and the largest supplier of asphalt, and we're in all the metropolitan markets, and this is before SB 1 flows through. Illinois is a challenge. It's just going to be a challenge. The public side is tough. Believe it or not, we do see growth on res in Illinois, and we will see some bigger work that we have backlogged in Illinois flow through over the next 12 to 18 months. So if you just step back and look at the picture and get past the weather in the second quarter, this is a really, really good market. The starts have grown and the pre-construction pipeline is growing, both on the private side and now on the public side, and again, this is before we see flow-through of a lot of the new state highway funding. So as you step back and look at this, as I said in my opening remarks, we're very encouraged.
Abdul Tambal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And just ...
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: If I could sum up, we'd just underscore the work is there, the uptick in starts that we would need to see has already happened. In many cases, we simply need to have a reasonable or as-expected pace of shipment to jobs that have already started. That'll be what we keep an eye on, and we need to see our customers be able to catch up on some of the small deferred private work that was delayed out of the second quarter. But from a demand perspective, as Tom said, we don't need anything – I'm going to call it "new" to happen. The work is there.
Abdul Tambal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just on California, could you just talk a bit about what you're seeing there? Have you started seeing any of the emergency funding flowing through into the projects, and what are your expectations on when SB 1 can start to move the needle for your business there?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: There's you question. No, we've seen no flow-though. Remember, those funds don't start getting collected until November. Now, the state has been talked about as it's trying to accelerate that, they'll let 13 jobs this year, and then they're scheduled to let another 50 jobs, pending permitting and design. You'll see some work flow through, and a little bit flow through in 2018 maybe, and maybe some paving work or repair work, but the big work always takes 18 months to 24 months to really get going. So – and we just always, we want it to come through faster, there's a lot of promises to come through faster, but it's just tough to do. So I would tell you the earliest that'll be 2018, but it's really going to flow into 2019 and 2020 and beyond. So it's like I said, we're always disappointed it takes longer, but the work's coming and it is absolutely needed in that state.
Abdul Tambal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group, your line is open.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thank you for taking my questions today. A follow-up on California ...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Good morning. For California last quarter, you talked about how California looks a lot like Texas did four years ago, and I've appreciated the color you've given in the call about that state, particularly with the 10% increase in volumes. But taking it a step further, and knowing that you're the largest aggregate and asphalt producer, could you give us a sense, in terms of breaking out the state growth, just as you did for Texas, but focusing on the L.A. market versus Northern, and the San Diego market, in terms of what is driving real demand in the market, both on the res, non-res side? And also, helping us understand the rough breakout in revenues between L.A. and your other markets, and how depressed demand is, particularly, in the L.A. market? Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. First of all, the healthiest market in California right now is Southern California. And we're seeing – we've seen, in California, residential growth be healthy for a long time now, and it continues to grow. One of the big differences is non-res, particularly in Southern California, and as we saw in the preconstruction pipelines a year ago, and we talked about it's going to flow through, and it continues to build. So very exciting to Southern California on the private side. Northern California has been a little slower on the non-res. Res continues to be healthy, but the pipeline is growing, and it will flow through. As you remember, we had a lull in, or a dip in state funding a little better than a year ago with some budget issues, they came back and put some funds back in. And so we're starting to see that growth, and we know that they're trying to accelerate the funding. So I'd describe Southern California as a little ahead. Northern California, it will come, and is following and the preconstruction, pipeline is filling on both. Just, like I said, Southern is little bit faster. Now, as you saw in our numbers and you continue to see, with this visibility and the confidence and the jobs that are out there and what's coming, there is really good pricing momentum in California. We feel like, from a capacity standpoint, both in aggregates and in asphalt, we're physically in a great position, and ability to serve the market, we're in the best position.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: And could you just remind us, or break out – oh, go ahead. Go ahead, John.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I was going to just give you a rough breakdown, and this is very rough, it really depends on where you are kind of in the demand cycle a little bit, but our larger position is in Southern California, combination of L.A. and San Diego. You might think about that as roughly weighted two-thirds of our California presence. Northern California, Bay Area and up to Sacramento, the other third, including some of Central California. Those are very rough numbers. I'd also just remind you that our reserve positions longer-term in California, in a state that has many depleting reserves, are really fantastic and unique. So it's just a very attractive position now and longer term. Finally, we'd underscore that the recent improvement is really driven by private demand. Kathryn, as – I know you know this, because you look at it so well, but the public demand is still working through a bit of a lull that was caused by the Caltrans funding uncertainty for a while. We think that'll turn around pretty quickly with the new funding in place, but what you're seeing right now is really driven by healthy private demand.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would add one thing on, this is not the market, but our operating folks in California have done – made big improvements in the last year on operating efficiencies and synergies, and I've got to give them a real hand of – or applaud them for what they've done, and I think that will continue and only get better.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. And just one follow-up on coastal Texas. As you know, we talk to a wide variety of different building contacts along the value chain, and we received a little bit better feedback than what you talked about in that coastal kind of Houston market, seen flattening and even some slight improvement in the Houston market. Could you help us understand the delta between what our industry relationships are telling us, versus what you're seeing? And is this more a function of project mix, or is there something else fundamentally that we need to keep in mind?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: No, I think, the fundamentals in Coastal Texas are all there. I know you've got employment growth, you've got population growth. We've seen the residential side come back. Non-res has been kind of flat but starting to improve. Our real issue has been timing of projects, and it's both highway projects and energy projects that we thought we had slated to start in the first half of 2017, and they're probably pushed to the fourth quarter of 2017. I'll give you some color on it, I'll give you some color. There's the Golden Pass LNG project and Sabine Pass, we thought would ship in 2017; it's actually got pushed back, it will not let until early 2018. Port of Freeport expansion has been pushed back by design, Chevron Phillips refinery upgrade was delayed. We saw State Highway 550, which is actually in the valley, we had environmental and permitting issues. And then the SH 288 Highway, which we thought would ship I guess second quarter, it got pushed back a little bit. So from our perspective, it's really timing of large work. I think that as I said earlier, the fundamentals are there, and I think that that is a market that is returning and getting a lot better, to your point.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Final question, this is Texas. There you have a big letting with the state, $1.1 billion in August. What is your real capacity for the state itself to adequately meet the demand for that big of funding, particularly if you're going from $3.2 billion to $5.5 billion to $6 billion this year, and growing even more the following year, should we expect additional delays, just because of capacity constraints? Or is the state, and our contractors and yourself able to adequately even meet that demand in future years? Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that's one we'll have to wait and see. There will be some pressures on them, and tension there. We're hoping that they can get that all out and permitted and designed and in place, but as always with larger projects, it becomes – the time constraints could become more difficult. They are just more complex to design, you've got bigger permitting issues, you've got bigger right-of-way and land issues. So – and we're seeing that across all DOTs, particularly Texas, but you're starting to see a big increase of large projects. And the good news for us is, whether it's Texas or anyplace else, that's right in our wheelhouse. We've got a lot of those backlogged, but there's a high percentage of those that we're just seeing take longer from when they start. And we've got a number of them started in 2016 and we're still not shipping rock, and it's a variety of complex designs, it's right-of-ways, it's permitting; some of it's obviously weather in the second quarter. But I'm not – I guess, I'm not worried about this, because the work's there, it's funded and it is coming. Just large projects are more complex and take longer, but once they go, we ship a better mix of product, and they go fast.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Trey Grooms with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: I just want to follow up on that last comment. Tom, you mentioned with the increase of large projects, they are taking longer, and John, you also mentioned that the lag has extended some on the highway side. Just to get an idea, what – historically, what has been the lag there, and what is it now? So, we can kind of get an idea of, with starts picking obviously in the – on the highway side of things. I think you said Vulcan market is up 7%. Just to try to give us a sense for when those can flow through and how that lag has extended?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'd take a shot at it, Trey, just with the qualification that it's of course project-specific. These are often project-specific or state DOT specific circumstances. But historically at 12 months, 9 months to 12 months, and I think we've probably seen that on an average extend by 3-ish months. And again, it really varies by project, and again Tom gave you a sense, sometimes it's larger complex projects; sometimes it's design build efforts that get behind in the design phase, so they've started, but don't start taking aggregate shipments on the sort of previously agreed schedule. So we've probably seen, to bring it down to this year. we've seen kind of the turn in starts and turn in large public transportation demand happen about as expected, but we've seen the actual shipment of those projects be six weeks, eight weeks later than expected. And frankly, that's reflected in our revised outlook for the year. So – but again, it's highly – the only thing I would just sway is, this is also for the very large complex projects, it's also just a little bit less predictable. So, it's not just that we're getting it wrong, or it's not happening as quickly as we thought it was going to happen. It's not happening like the DOT thought it was going to happen, or the general contractor thought it was going to happen. It's just – I think a thing to keep in mind is, it's just that from a project-to-project basis, these large complex transportation projects, which are very good for us, the week-to-week, month-to-month shipping timing is just a little bit less predictable, and that's one of the things we tried to reflect in our revised guidance.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. All right. That all makes sense. And then also to kind of follow up on another question before, Tom, you named a lot of these projects, named off several that have been kind of pushed out a little bit that I think you guys had initially thought might come on a little earlier. Looking at that, what's your – what kind of visibility do you have, or I guess what's your sense for, as we sit here today, these projects that have been pushed a little bit, when those might come on? And I don't necessarily need project by project, but just a sense for your visibility there, and what's kind of embedded in the back half guidance for some of these delayed large projects?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Embedded in guidance, we've got a number of them that are starting to ship. We saw some ship a little bit in July, and they'll come on in August and September. And as I talked about Texas, we'll see some starting in the fourth quarter, I hope. But it is leveling out. I think we – and do not underestimate the impact of raining more than 50% of the time in May and June. It's not just DOT designs and right-of-way. When you have rain 15 days out of a month or 14 days out of a month, and it's spread out, the contractors just can't get on the job. And any day that we can cobble together four or five dry days, we see our shipments jump up all over the place. So the work's there, and it's going to come, but it – so I think that we feel good, and our outlook for the second quarter of the work that's going to start, we have good visibility to that and have good contact with the contractors. And the good news is, the work's there.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Right. Got it. All right. And then ...
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Trey, despite all this, we'd also say by the way, we like seeing more large complex projects.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Oh, yeah.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: So the timing is a little bit more complicated, but we're one of the very best positioned suppliers to meet the kind of needs of those projects, and – so we actually like that trend. It does make the very near-term predictability of shipments a little more difficult. But these aren't things that are going anywhere, they're not getting – this is weeks of delay in putting aggregate on the ground. It's not changing whether or not they do the project.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Right. And then once they start, the visibility is there?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And once ...
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: So on ...
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, once they actually get going and past grading and that kind of stuff to taking our product, they go quickly. The other thing I would say is, we talked a lot about capacity constraints in the sector. This really isn't where the capacity constraint is, Trey. When you get going on these big jobs, if you will, you can get a lot of aggregate down per unit of labor.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. All right, that makes sense. Well, just speaking of labor, I will ask you this on the downstream, with looking at ready-mix drivers or pavers or that sort of thing, as we kind of look through any kind of spikes in volume and projects and things like that coming on, do your customers or do you have any concern about that end of things creating a bottleneck and maybe delaying things, maybe things wouldn't be quite as good as they would have been otherwise as a result of just not being able to find the labor? Just any opinion you have on that?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think from Vulcan's perspective, we're okay, and we continue to add, and we – both quality of employees and quantity of the employees. From our customers' perspective, and John said it very well a minute ago, on the large highway work, that's not going to be a big constraint. And those folks are really putting in on and prepared, because they have visibility to what's coming and they have time to do that, and that's going to continue to flow through. Now, there will be, on concrete work, probably more pressures, and I think those, our customers are working hard to address drivers and finishers and framers. But it will be a natural tension, probably a little more short-term than long-term, and it will come and go. But I think long term it won't be a bottleneck, it will be just be some tension.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I do think if we step back a little bit, Trey – and Tom, you might, I know you're talking to customers about this all the time, but if we looked at a year ago, our customers were pretty reluctant to make investments ahead of the election and things we talked about back then. It feels very different now, because our customers are talking about and actively trying to make those investments in their own capacity.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, they see what's coming and they've got bigger backlogs.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. That – got it on that, it makes sense. Last one's a housekeeping, so it will be quick, is just the $7.5 million you called out from the transition to ships, and I think it was the first couple of quarters here we've seen that. And you think it's going to maybe be a little bit going forward. How much do we need to be kind of modeling in or baking in to – for that? Which I'm sure is in your guidance, whatever it's going to be, but just to try to get a sense for pure aggregates? And then also, just what does the product mix in the backlog look like for the back half, as far as you can tell? Are you expecting any kind of impact at all from mix as we look into the back half of this year? Just so we're clear on how to model all these things?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. And obviously happy to follow up afterwards also, Trey, with you or anyone else. To answer your question on transition to ships, we expect that cost – and it was a little over $5 million in the quarter – I'd expect that to repeat again in the third quarter, and then ramp down in the fourth quarter as we get new ships delivered and get those online. But yes, incorporated in guidance. Diesel will be a little bit of headwind in the second half of the year, but not – it was about a $2 million headwind in the quarter, and should be about the same moving forward. And again, over time that should get reflected in pricing, and as we talked about before, higher diesel prices over time are in some ways a good thing for our business. So I think that's the answer on those tactical items; I'll let Tom comment on product mix.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I would summarize product mix in the second half as probably normal. But you'll have two offsetting pressures. The new projects will take a higher percentage of fines and base, and that's really good for us. The flip side of that is you've got a lot asphalt backlog out there, with big highway work, and also non-res and the res will take lot of concrete work. So rising waters in both of the different sizes there, so I would tell you normalized.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Great.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Trey, one of the things I know we talked about it in the past, just to revise, we talked – way back about a year ago, we talked a lot about rising repair and maintenance costs. And we feel pretty good about where we are in that now, they're basically flat or slightly down even in the quarter despite the other headwinds. So we do feel good that that period of rising R&M costs should largely be behind us, which is a good signal.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks a lot for answering the questions, guys, and good luck on the balance of the year. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll hear next from Rohit Seth from SunTrust.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on that leading indicator you mentioned, the construction starts, you'd said that public highway was up 7%. Is that a year-to-date figure or is that for June?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Trailing 12 months as of June.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that trailing 12 months figure's really the way you want to look at it on a – it can be noisy month-to-month, but I think the trailing 12-month figure is really the good leading indicator.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And it's not just that it's up, but that we've worked through a previous lull. And so it's returned to growth and is continuing to strengthen across our markets.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I would also add to that that, in a lot of places that's before the big funding flows through.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Oh, yeah.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: If you look at South Carolina or Tennessee or California, that – we haven't touch that, and so, more to come.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got you. Okay. And then as I'm listening to this call here, you sound incrementally positive, your commentary has been pretty bullish. As you think about your 2018 plan, I mean are you guys more incrementally positive on achieving those objectives, and how do you feel about timing, and – any thoughts there would be helpful?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think as John said, it really boils down in 2017 to the number of shipping days we have left that works there. And so whatever doesn't happen in 2017 is obviously not going to go away. We see growing how we starts, we see growing private starts, and the pipeline of preconstruction continues to fill. So while we feel good about the end of 2017, or the second half of 2017, I think we feel very good about 2018, 2019 and 2020, because like I said, the private side continues to be healthy and you've got very much a growing public side.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And I'd say, we're obviously not giving 2018 guidance right now, but as we sit here now, given the backlogs we see and the discussions we have with customers, and the public funding developments and all of the things we've talked about, I think we would be really surprised if we weren't entering 2018, we and our customers, with very strong backlogs and with a very positive outlook. And when you look at the start data, which is part of why we emphasized it in our materials, it would suggest we're returning to another wave of growth in this long recovery. It would suggest we're entering a period in many of our markets that have public and private clicking together in growth. A little bit analogous to where we stood in the second half of 2013, except that as we sit here right now, we've got substantially higher prices, substantially higher margin per ton, and a stronger balance sheet, and some key acquisitions coming online. So we're pretty excited about the outlook, as you can tell. And that's 2018 and beyond. But again, without trying to give guidance, we'd be really surprised if we weren't – we and our customers entering next year with strong and healthy backlogs and strong and healthy outlook.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then for long-term thinking here, I tend to think in upcycle, volumes will grow anywhere from 3% to 4%, perhaps 5% in the upcycle. And when you think about public and private clicking at the same time, is 5% a good long-term run rate, or you think, given where things are, where do you see them today, perhaps even better than that?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'll take a shot, based on – I'll comment on things we've said publicly elsewhere, just to be clear. But the demand is there to grow at faster rates. Just the pent-up demand is there to grow at a much faster rates. You could look at any of the end-use segments and you'd see it. And increasingly, the funding is there to grow at faster rates. That said, I think when you have a portfolio as broad as ours, across as many markets as we're in, and when eventually do have some realistic constraints, but how quickly DOTs get jobs out and how quickly the construction factor can meet that demand, 5% to 7% is probably a better assumption than 10% to 12%, just to give you a feel.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: The demand is there to grow at faster rates. There will be periods when we grow at faster rates, there are individual markets that you've seen that grow at faster rates. But across the whole portfolio and over a longer period of time, we still see a – a more gradual, steady, sustained extended recovery. But at the same time, I'd say you look at the demand picture and it's hard to argue why it couldn't grow more quickly.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: All of that still supports a good climate for pricing and a good climate for compounding profit improvement. And we still find very encouraging, particularly once we see the construction start activity on the public side continue to pick up.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Is it fair to say that your pricing is – has been moving above inflation for a while now, and is it fair to say, the cycle matures, you can continue to get that? Is that a realistic assumption?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think it's a function of what's happening out there in the market from a demand, and as I always say the visibility and confidence. And if you look at what goes on, particularly in the private sector, which is very healthy, continuing to grow and well below kind of normalized levels, and then as, again, you put on top of that what's happening from a highway perspective, yeah, prices – the pricing climb will be healthy for years to come.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got you, okay. And my last question, just on resi. I know resi has been good, everybody is talking about resi's good, Single Family is leading. How much of the Single Family is coming from new communities as opposed to in-fill, and if you could just maybe highlight some strengths and weaknesses by geography and what you're seeing in community development, if at all? And ...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think, if you step back and look at res in our markets, demand's up high single-digits. But Single Family is up much higher, it's up double-digit, and really the driver right now. And that growth is supported by subdivision development and construction, really with smaller homes and it's affecting a lot of first-time buyers and younger buyers. And if you look at demographics that's really good, because there's a lot of them out there. So – and the good news about that is, that kind of construction is very aggregate-intensive, both with new subdivisions and a lot of houses. So we're pleased with the res, and it is broad based across our footprint. It's hard to find a market that doesn't have good healthy residential growth.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Garik Shmois from Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi, thank you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hey, Garik.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. First is a housekeeping question, just around your volume guidance for the second half of the year, the 5% to 10% increase. To be clear, does that include the acquisitions that you made in the first quarter?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes. They don't have a big impact on volume, but yes. On aggregates volume, by the way they – a couple of our acquisitions are in our concrete and asphalt segment primarily. So the answer to that question is yes, but Garik I want to be clear the 5% to 10% is really August through December. The squeeze we're doing is really looking at our hand after July, seeing where we are. So I think if you did second half, it's probably equivalent of something like 4% to 8%. Just keeping in mind that July was up 2%. Stronger in the second half of July, but that's really what, as much as anything, is causing us to think about the squeeze for the balance of the year, is August through December.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And I don't want to harp too much on July, was most of the, I guess, the relative softness compared to the rest of the back-half guidance. Weather-driven again?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think July is easy to explain, the first two weeks it rained, the second two weeks we put a lot of work together. And the second two weeks were very healthy. So – and again, as we said, in lot of these cities we had 10 days of rain in July and still went up 2%.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And also (58:10) some continued weakness in Houston and Illinois were up 3%, and the trend is pretty good, but Garik, you know this very well, I think you looked at some of the squeeze in some of your work I thought it was well done, but it's just that number of fewer construction days we have left in the season. So anyway, that was – did I answer your question?
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks. And thanks for the kind words. My second question is on the highway outlook. You talked about an improving outlook here, but I'm just wondering, is there any risk or any chatter around the uncertainty on the federal side with respect to the debt ceiling and these continuing resolutions that we're under? Is that an impact, or I guess has that been an impact in the first half of the year? Is that a potential impact as you look as far as continued project timing delays in the second half of the year?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think the answer to that question is no, it's not an impact. The FAST Act's secure and we're seeing those funds flow through. It's been very good for us. I don't think a lot of it's hit yet. And remember, that passed in November of 2015, takes – again, it takes 18 to 24 months to flow through. But I think we're secure about that. I think what everybody's working on right now is what we do three or four years from now. And I think there's a lot of momentum in D.C. to address the Highway Trust Fund. Both parties want this to happen. It's not a matter, again you hear us say this a lot, it's not a matter of if, but when and how. We saw back in the summer 200 members of congress sign a letter to fix the trust fund. So I think it's going to be addressed, but I don't see any threats to federal funding at this point.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Garik, I do think – and I'll apologize for this being a little bit anecdotal, just as it relates to 2017. So, I think Tom summarized the forward outlook very well. But I think earlier this year, when there was a lot of talk about a $1 trillion infrastructure program very early in the year, we probably had some DOTs and some local governments, particularly some local governments, just kind of waiting and holding back on some starts, wondering if the rules were going to change. I think they're past that now, and in some ways this will be better for everybody if it was just quiet until we had an agreement on something. In the meantime, it's a distraction for everybody. But I think most of the DOTs, the people we're working with, are past that. And frankly, now that they've got new funding passed – and you know this in many states, they have a little bit of political pressure to show progress. And so that's part of why you see Tennessee and South Carolina and California doing what they can do to put forward some spending, just to show some progress. So in any event, I think it was maybe a little bit of a distraction for some DOTs early in the year. I think we felt that, a little bit right now, but I think we're past it.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great, that's helpful. Thanks. Thanks again.
Operator: We'll move next to Scott Schrier from Citi.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask a quick one on the downstream. Looks like you continue to have strong growth there, especially in concrete. Just wanted to see what you're seeing there in Texas and Virginia? On the concrete you had nice pricing, both sequentially and on a year-on-year basis. So I just wanted to see what some of the drivers there were, and how to think about it going forward?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. Our volumes were up in all of our concrete markets. The big margin improvement came in Northern Virginia and Texas, California is – which is new to us – performed very well. We're very pleased with that. I think overall we're very pleased with our concrete performance, and I think that the teams out there have done a really good job of executing, both on servicing our customers and on being efficient from an operating cost perspective.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Because our biggest concrete market's still in Virginia, when you see that improvement, it's a little bit of an indicator of the strong private demand in Virginia, we talked about before, because that really drives more of the concrete usage for us there.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then on the comments regarding the strong shipment growth of 6% in Virginia-Carolinas-Tennessee, and I know that you had parsed out the overall volumes that you lost in the quarter due to mostly weather and some delays, is there any way to get a sense of what that 6% would have been ex the weather in those particular markets?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'll take a short at it. First, I would say it would have been higher. So you had – you did have weather impacts in South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia. So absolutely it would have been higher. I think, when we gave the estimate earlier of about 4.5 million tons lost to weather, in selected project laid in the quarter, that amount would have incorporated in what we would have seen as a hit in Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Carolinas-Virginia-Tennessee. What I'd say is those markets would have been a bit better. They did have tough weather, if you look at the rain days across key markets in those states, but a little bit better working it through. And they also had – their weather impact was a little bit earlier in the quarter. What really hit Georgia and Florida in particular for us was tough weather in late May and June, when by definition you don't have time to catch up in the quarter.
Scott Schrier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you. I don't believe you touched on this, apologize if you did, but the SAG outlook for – still $320 million for the year, implies something around $9 million less in the second half than the first half. I guess I was a little surprised by that, just given maybe some coming costs to get Aggregates USA completed. Any more color there?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Our outlook for SAG is unchanged. You have some timing differences due to accruals and incentives and other things, quarter-to-quarter. Fundamental outlook for SAG unchanged. What I would say is that we remain intensively focused on G&A productivity, on the one hand, and we remained equally focused on making smart investments in our sales and customer service capabilities. So on the Yes component, if you will. But overall outlook for that for the year, unchanged.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then maybe just from a bigger picture perspective, Illinois, not a new issue in terms of being a tough market, headlines are clearly out there. But I know you guys kind of think about the business for the long term, kind of just refresh your stance on the market, need for Vulcan to be there, maybe any green shoots you think you could develop over the next few years in that market?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think the – right now, IDOT is just in tough shape. The public sector's been hit hard, you've had no state budget for two years; the DOT stopped work temporarily in the second quarter, we've seen them crank it back up. From our perspective, we've got better backlogs than we've had. Our backlogs are growing in Illinois. We've got some big jobs that were delayed, particularly O'Hare runway. If you step back and look at Illinois and remember demand is driven by population, and Chicago is not going away and they'll have to fix their problems. And again, this is one of those that's not if they're going to fix it, but when they're going to fix it and how. So – and our position in Illinois is very good. I think under very difficult circumstances, our teams in Illinois have done a very good job maximizing profitability and being efficient and servicing customers. So while it's tough right now, we do think it's – in the long term, and remember this is a long-term business, that long term, it will be a solid market and we have the premier position in Chicago. So while it's tough, again it's a long-term business, and we're in for the long haul.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah. And Tom, with that position, are you guys – and in this environment – are you guys still able to get a little price in that market?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes. We've had actually decent price increases in Illinois, and we've upped our game on servicing our customers, and position is important and we're getting paid for it.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you. Best of luck.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Just in terms of the year tasked in Illinois, we had obviously, we kind of would have expected it to have bottomed out by now. We didn't expect Illinois to be strong this year in terms of volume growth, but we didn't expect it to continue to drop like it has. So we foresaw some of the weakness, but we didn't see the kind of crisis around the budget, again, that Tom mentioned – and you may know this because it was publicized – frankly caused bills to stop being paid and caused work to stop. So we're still working through some of that in 2017. But again, it's a very healthy and profitable position long-term beyond 2017.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Stanley Elliott from Stifel, your line is open.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thank you, guys to fit me in. Most everything has been answered. Quick question though, on the Ag USA deal. In the release it mentioned the prospects of having to do some divestitures. Where are you all in that process? After looking at that portfolio, what percentage do you think you'll end up having to divest? Any thoughts around that would be great.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. To answer your question, we're still in the process with the DOJ, and that's a normal process and it's going along. But it's way too early to try to speculate on what we have to divest or where, what and when. But I would say this much, as we get into that project and into that acquisition and look at the quality of it, and as I said in my opening comments, we're really excited about it. This is a very good business, it has very strong assets, great positions, great reserves, and their people are very professional and very good. So we're – while we're going through the process, and as – which is normal – I think the more we spend time with this, the more excited we are about welcoming this into the Vulcan family.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And then you kind of, throughout the call, you've mentioned permitting problems being a culprit for a lot of the delays for some of these large projects. Certainly the administration had – was trying to push more streamlined regulatory reform. Is that impacting your business at all? What are the prospects for any changes on the regulatory front to kind of open up some of these bottlenecks, if you will?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, I think, as you know, we rescinded the Waters of the U.S., which was a big win. I'm sure there will be legal action with that, but, it was just the right thing to do. And right now the administration knows these issues with us – I mean, as I mentioned earlier, we had a big issue with our big Macon job which got held up with land and had some permitting issues, and we're now having a number of them in Texas. So it is a real issue. I mean, it's out there. Right now, the administration is gathering suggestions on what needs to be done to speed this up. So they know it's a problem, I think they're fact-finding right now, and I think we feel good that they're going to take some action on this, because it just needs to happen for – to rebuild our infrastructure, and to give people the ability to speed up these projects and get work done that needs to be done.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Do you think that has to be a part of like an executive action, or is this part of a larger infrastructure build?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think it may be both. I think you see some of both with that.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, guys. Thanks very much. And best of luck.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We've seen streamlining already in the FAST Act, I mean there is a lot of momentum behind this, it's just – and also, we'd also just say, keep in mind with these very large, complex projects, the larger more complex they are, the more opportunities there are for hold-up. You could have one right-of-way hold up a larger job. So again, it just makes a little bit less predictable, week-to-week, month-to-month, in terms of exactly when we're going to be shipping to the job. But ultimately, it's very good for us, because there are very few people who have the capabilities to service these kind of jobs, particularly in these markets. So good development for us long-term to see this higher proportion of large jobs in the mix. Frankly, you see it in non-res also. But short term can lead to some longer lags between start and actual shipment of aggregates.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I understand. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no callers in the queue. I'd like to turn conference back over to Mr. Hill for any additional or closing comments.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you for your time that you spent with us this morning. As you can tell, John and I, and I'd say the rest of our Vulcan family, are very excited about our business, our growing pipeline of work, our growing project starts, our backlogs are up, both on the private and the public side. And I think our people are working really hard every day to improve our business. So these are exciting times. We look forward to sharing more information with you over the quarter, and talking to you again at the end of third quarter. Again, thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials.
Operator: That does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Tusa - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer William Sandbrook - President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Rohit Seth - SunTrust Craig Bibb - CJS Securities Trey Grooms - Stephens Adam Thalhimer - Thompson, Davis Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Stanley Elliott - Stifel Scotch Schrier - Citi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the U.S. Concrete Incorporated First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Jody Tusa, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Joseph Tusa: Thank you, Sabrina. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Bill and I will make some prepared remarks, after which we will open the call to your questions. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. U.S. Concrete would like to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of that act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially. For a list of these factors, please refer to the legal disclaimers and risk factors contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please note that you can find the reconciliations and other information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K that we will file today under the investor relation section of our website, www.us-concrete.com. If you would like to be on an e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under Email Alerts. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website under Events & Presentations. Now I would like to turn the call over to Bill to discuss the highlights for the quarter.
William Sandbrook: Thank you, Jody, and welcome everyone to our call this morning. I'm very pleased to announce that despite weather-related headwinds in California and Texas, U.S. Concrete reported very strong growth in revenue from volumes and pricing, in both our ready-mixed concrete and aggregate products segments for the first quarter of 2017. Total revenue, as compared to the same period last year, increased 22% to $299 million. Income from continuing operations improved from the loss of $9.8 million to income of $7 million, and total adjusted EBITDA increased 60% to $41 million. We had income from continuing operations margin of 2.3% and a total adjusted EBITDA margin of 13.7% for the quarter, In addition, we increased our average selling prices and ready-mixed concrete raw material margins year-over-year and sequentially over the previous quarters. These continuing trends support comments we made on our year-end call. Demand remains strong in our Metropolitan markets and our leading market positions allow us to capitalize on that demand with increased volume, pricing and underlying margins. To better understand our results, you have to understand our fundamental strategy. We shape selective markets to meet our growth objectives irrespective of any underlying need for external government stimulus. Rather, our markets have been selected and developed in Metropolitan areas of the country, with higher than average mid- and long-term underlying economic growth drivers, and government funded activities simply supplement our growth rates. Our market development activities, in the high-end spectrum of the ready-mixed concrete product set, allow us to have a significant competitive advantage in competing for high-volume high-margin opportunities. The density of our plant networks allow us full low-cost market coverage to be positioned to service jobs better than competing alternative suppliers. The sheer volume of raw materials that our regional plant networks consume, makes us a very valuable customers for our cement and aggregates suppliers for which we are rewarded. Additionally, those regional plant networks are large consumers of our own internal aggregate supply which elevates our total company margin profile. The culmination of this strategy, complimented by integration synergies, has been reflected in our 2016 fourth quarter and 2017 first quarter results, and we expect these trends to continue. We have not waited for good weather to yield good results, which certainly helps but we have strategically positioned ourselves to deliver these improvements. In addition, while only 18% of our current revenues are directly generated through infrastructure project spending, we remain well-positioned to take advantage of the robust multi-year construction infrastructure spending plans that have been put into place in all of our major markets. While these initiatives, as well as FAST Act flow through funds, or some future enhanced federal infrastructure spending would be a tailwind, we're not waiting for government-funded projects to improve our results. Our year-over-year organic growth rate in ready-mixed concrete for the first quarter of 2017 was approximately 3%. We estimate that the increment weather in Northern California in Quarter 1 of 2017 caused the delay in delivering approximately 1,000 cubic yards of ready-mixed concrete, which would have represented a year-over-year organic growth rate for ready-mixed concrete volumes of approximately 9%, absent these weather-related delays. We believe that our platform will continue to deliver consistent results for the balance of the year with high single-digit growth in ready-mixed concrete organic volumes for the full year of 2017, along with mid-single-digit growth in pricing. We are optimistic that these organic growth trends could continue for the next several years. In addition, we believe our strategic focus and approach to acquisitions will allow us to expand and strengthen our positions in existing and potentially new markets to meet the higher demand resulting from these capital plans and general construction growth. Our acquisition approach also includes strengthening our aggregates product position around our ready-mixed concrete operations. On April 7, we acquired certain assets of Corbett aggregate, a provider of high-quality concrete sand in Southern New Jersey. The acquisition furthers our strategy in vertical integration and increases our self-sufficiency on internal aggregates in a market where natural sand is rapidly depleting. In addition, our ability to move these materials by water, using our strategic portfolio of distribution docks in the New York metropolitan area, reduces our dependency on third-party suppliers and land-based truck deliveries. Beyond this acquisition, we continue to have a large, attractive pipeline of potential accretive acquisitions which we expect to further enhance and supplement our organic growth. We expect that our acquisition pipeline will enable us to enter a new major Metropolitan market this year. I'll now take you through each of our markets. In Northern California, which represented 20% of our revenue this quarter, significant rainfall for the second straight quarter resulted in continued deferral of sales volumes. Demand remains strong in the Bay Area with many projects now underway and several large projects recently awarded, including the new Google campus, Warriors Arena and The San Francisco Redevelopment Project. On April 28, Gov. Jerry Brown, signed The Road Repair and Accountability Act of 2017. The bill provides $52 billion in transportation funding over the next 10 years with $41 billion allocated to state, local roads, highways, bridges and trade quarters. The comprehensive funding plan was passed to partially address with its state notes is approximately $140 billion backlog of deferred maintenance on state and local roads. We have an extensive plant network in the Bay Area and we remain active to capture the pent-up demand driven by weather-related delays, organic growth in technology sector and the recent approval to transportation bill. In the greater New York metro area, which represented 34% of our revenue in this quarter, we continue to see strong demand for offices, hotels and multifamily residential in the entire region. On April 10, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, signed the affordable New York Housing Program as the successor to the expired 421a tax abatement program. The bill is aimed to stimulate multifamily residential construction in New York City, which should provide 2,500 new affordable apartments annually through 2022. Because of the expiration of 421a, future projects for the Hollis area of Queens were put on hold. These projects are now back on track on with plans for more than 2,000 new apartment units to be built on the waterfront in Astoria. The New York metro area was ranked the top metro area for new multifamily permits through February 2017, with an 88.4% increase over the prior-year period. We have significantly increased and strengthened our New York City market position over the last year to capture not only the robust residential and commercial project pipeline but also the increased demand arising from the Port Authority's recently approved long-range capital plan. The 10-year $32 billion plan will refocus on redevelopment and revitalization of the metro area's infrastructure. In addition, in a report recently issued by the New York Economic Development Corporation, $1.6 billion in public and private funding is being directed towards the revitalization of the North Shore waterfront on Staten Island. The development, which will generate over 2,000 new jobs and include over 4,000 housing units and 200,000 square feet of space, will include new housing, major retail developments, iconic attractions, transportation upgrades and waterfront parks. Our unrivaled plant network, in the New York City market and in Staten Island in particular, will allow us to capture a significant portion of the increased demand from this additional robust project pipeline on Staten Island. Our Washington D.C. and Northern Virginia markets remain an area of significant growth. Over 100 projects have currently broken ground representing over 20 million square feet and $9 billion of construction to be delivered in the next 3 years. Our ready-mixed concrete plants are well-positioned to take advantage of the population influx in the area driving office, retail and residential construction. In Dallas, Fort Worth, which represented 30% of our revenue this quarter, we remain extremely active in this very vibrant market. DFW has one of the strongest population inflows and employment growth rates in the country. Housing permits have increased 55.3% from this time last year and continued growth is expected. Dallas/Fort Worth was already the top apartment building market in the U.S. before starts increased by 95% in the first 2 months of 2017. Over 50,000 units are currently under construction with less than 5% of the current units unoccupied. The nonresidential sector is also expanding at a rapid pace. For instance, Kohler recently announced that its planning to build a 1.3 million square foot distribution facility in the Dallas/Fort Worth area. CyrusOne just announced plans for a new data center on 64 acres in Allen, and Facebook continues to grow in the region with another data center in Fort Worth. Opportunities continue to expand in this market and we continue to add to our backlog, which increased once again this quarter and is 16% higher in the DFW Metroplex than this time last year. Our West Texas region, which comprised 10% of our first quarter revenue, continues to contribute very favorably to our results. As we have discussed on past calls, this market mainly comprises operations west of Fort Worth, in the Wichita Falls, Abilene, Lubbock, Odessa and San Angelo areas. Although growth had slowed over the last year, Dodge projects compound annual growth in ready-mixed concrete volumes of almost 6% over the next 4 years in this region. The active rig count in the Permian Basin has increased 120% from the end of the first quarter last year. We operate in a diverse range of economies throughout the West Texas region where we enjoy favorable industry dynamics and a higher mix of vertically integrated aggregate positions that should allow us to capitalize on future accelerated growth. Overall, the economic fundamentals across our markets continue to indicate a very positive outlook and we have a healthy pipeline of projects for 2017. Ready-mixed concrete backlog continues to increase and as of March 31, 2017 was approximately $7.4 million cubic yards, up 13% for the same time last year. Now I would like to turn the call back to Jody to discuss our first quarter results in more detail.
Joseph Tusa: Thanks, Bill. We were very pleased with our first quarter results with the continuation of our track record of profitable growth, and which were highlighted by a 25th consecutive quarter year-over-year revenue growth. We have also delivered stronger balance sheet metrics and continue to enhance cash flow generation. We reported to $299.1 million of revenue. Income from continued operations of $7 million and total adjusted EBITDA of $41.1 million. Our ready-mixed concrete average selling price increased to $134.28 per cubic yard as compared to $126.44 per cubic yard for the same period last year, an increase of 6.2% to achieve a 24th straight quarter of year-over-year price increases. We also improved our year-over-year ready-mixed concrete raw material margins from $62.78 on a dollar per cubic yard basis to $66.70. In aggregate products we increased our sales volumes by 4% and our average selling prices by 10.6% versus the same period last year. During the quarter, consolidated revenue increased 22.1% on a year-over-year basis on higher volume and average selling prices in both ready-mixed concrete and aggregate products along with the impact of acquisitions we made during 2016. In ready-mixed concrete, we improved our average selling price by 6.2% as compared to the same period last year. These price increases drove increases in our raw material dollar per cubic yard margins during the first quarter 2017, due to strength of our position in each of our markets. Looking forward to the balance of 2017, we expect to continue to improve both our ready-mixed concrete average selling prices and dollar per cubic yard raw material margin spreads, in part due to high levels of demand in our markets and our proven ability to pass along raw material price increases to our customers. First quarter 2017 ready-mixed concrete revenue increased by $51.4 million, or 22.9% year-over-year, and our ready-mixed volume increased 16.2% to 2 million cubic yards with higher average selling prices driving the remaining component of this revenue increase. We believe these trends in selling prices and margin expansion reflect a continued strong construction activity in the well-structured markets where we operate. During the first quarter of 2017, aggregate products revenue increased by $2.7 million, or 17.7% year-over-year, to $17.8 million. Approximately 50% of our aggregates product shipments were supplied internally to our ready-mixed concrete operations across our vertically integrated positions. Looking at our profit and margins. First quarter 2017 income from continuing operations increased to $7 million from a loss of $9.8 million in the prior-year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, total adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately 60% to $41.1 million compared to $25.6 million in the prior-year quarter. Income from continued operations, as a percentage of revenue, increased to 2.3% for the first quarter of 2017, compared to a negative 4% in the prior-year first quarter. Total adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of revenue, was 13.7% for the first quarter of 2017, compared to 10.5% in the prior-year first quarter. Notably, our ready-mixed concrete raw material margins, as a percentage of revenue, continue to remain near the 50% level in the first quarter of 2017, despite weather-related volume challenges in California, which is one of our highest margin regions. Our SG&A expense in the 2017 first quarter, was 8.6% of revenue compared to 9.5% of revenue in the prior-year quarter. We continue to aggressively manage our SG&A expense levels and expect this metric to continue to improve as we drive organic growth and complete the integration of acquired companies. On a GAAP basis, our net income was $6.9 million in the 2017 first quarter or $0.42 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted net income from continuing operations was $9 million or $0.55 per diluted share for the first quarter, representing a 77.4% increase compared to the prior-year period. The adjusted net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2017, is net of a normalized tax rate of 40%. This normalized tax amount is consistent with our positions as a full cash taxpayer in 2017. Now moving on to cash flow and balance sheet. As I mentioned in our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings call, in January we closed a $200 million add-on to the $400 million single and secure notes we issued in June of 2016. We are very pleased with the execution of the placement of this add-on as it was priced at 105.75% of par value, which further improves our cost of capital. We deployed a portion of our cash position, as of March 31, 2017, for the cash at closing for the, Corbett acquisition in April, 2017, and based on our acquisition pipeline, we continue to expect to efficiently deploy the net proceeds from this tack on notes offering in 2017. During the first quarter of 2017, we generated $29.5 million of net cash provided by operating activities as compared with $20 million in the prior-year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, we generated $19.6 million of adjusted free cash flow as compared to $9 million in the prior-year quarter, primarily as a result of improved operating profit. We continue to maintain a critical focus on working capital management, particularly in our cash collections and timing of vendor payments. We spent approximately $10.7 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2017, mainly to purchase plant, machinery and equipment in support of growing demand in our markets, compared to $11.2 million for the same period last year. As of March 31, 2017, the book value of our long-term debt, including current maturities, was $658.6 million. This included $611 million of unsecured senior notes due in 2024, no amount outstanding under our revolving credit facility and approximately $58.6 million of other debt consisting mainly of equipment financing for new mixer trucks and mobile equipment, less $11 million of debt issuance costs. As of March 31, 2017, we had total liquidity of $500 million, including $291.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, and $208.2 million of availability under our revolver. Our availability is net of an $18.1 million reserve for outstanding loans of credit in sales tax and other reserves. Our availability is also limited by the eligible amount of our accounts receivable, inventory and rolling stock, which was $226.3 million as of March 31, 2017. At March 31, 2017, our total debt-to-LTM income from continuing operations was 25x and our net debt-to-LTM total adjusted EBITDA ratio remains conservative at 2.09x, which would be lower on a pro forma basis with the full run rate of EBITDA from acquisitions we completed in 2016. We ended the quarter with a strong capital position to continue investing in our business, in deploying capital opportunistically on select accretive growth opportunities. I'll now turn the call back over to Bill.
William Sandbrook: Thank you, Jody. I want to take a minute to thank Jody for his hard work and dedication to the success of U.S. Concrete over the past year and a half. Leading 2 extremely successful debt raises has been instrumental in positioning the company for future growth. We wish him the best of luck in his professional endeavors. As to our progress, we are actively engaged in the CFO search and have progressed to the interview stage with numerous very highly qualified candidates. I'm confident that we will seamlessly seat a high caliber individual in the role, without missing a beat, as we have a seasoned finance team in place to assist in the transition. We are pleased to continue to deliver on our growth objectives and create a sustainable platform for continued success. We continue to believe that the construction cycle has a healthy runway for continued expansion. We have established our company in attractive geographic markets with leading share positions to deliver consistent profit improvement and generate attractive returns for many years to come. As we look to the balance of 2017, we're optimistic on the prospects for growth in our existing markets and our acquisition pipeline remains a viable avenue for additional growth, including potential new Metropolitan market areas and increased vertical integration with additional aggregates. We expect our markets to continue to outpace the national average for construction spending, allowing us to maintain our relentless focus on our 2-pronged strategy. The first, grow organically through operating excellence, superior product delivery and service. And second, expand through acquisitions that bolster our existing market positions and capitalize on potential opportunities in new high-growth markets. We expect that the disciplined execution of our strategic growth plan should lead to increased value for our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to updating you on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to Sabrina for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Rohit Seth from SunTrust.
Rohit Seth: Just trends in the footprint, clearly you had strong volumes, margins were good in the ready-mix, given the rain in California. Are you seeing that volume come back?
William Sandbrook: In California, Seth, or overall?
Rohit Seth: Yes, in California.
William Sandbrook: Yes it was. The weather has moderated obviously, it's more conducive to placing and pouring and supplying concrete. So I would - it's as simple as just watching the weather in any of our footprint, and specifically in California, because all of the pent-up demand for our projects that were delayed.
Rohit Seth: You already had good margin expansion in the first quarter, so it's fair to assume that 2Q could get, I guess significantly better just on the change in the mix?
Joseph Tusa: Seth, this is Jody. As you rightly noted down, and as we included in our commentary, Northern California is one of our highest margin markets and so Q2 and Q3 are generally our strongest quarters, and with that volume coming into the mix, we would expect improvement directionally in Q2 and the margins.
Rohit Seth: And the backlog was also up pretty nicely. Can you provide any color on the mix of projects entering the pipeline?
William Sandbrook: The mix are fairly consistent. We have seen a little bit more influx in the transportation infrastructure area, as you can well imagine from some flow through of the FAST Act and some of these other projects that we won, notably the LaGuardia Airport which is in the infrastructure side. We shift it little bit for Q1, 2017, we shifted a little bit more into the infrastructure side at 18%, decreased marginally in the commercial industrial sector, dropped from 60% to 56%. Res is up now 0.2. So a minor shift into the res.
Rohit Seth: Okay. And then the California infrastructure bill, you touched on that. I know you haven't historically gone after that market, but I'd imagine it's going to change your market dynamics in California. How do you see this playing out, if we assume that tomorrow is going to be the beginning of the big lift in the amount of spending? How would you anticipate the dynamics play out for you guys specifically?
William Sandbrook: I wouldn't characterize as we haven't gone after those job or haven't focused on those jobs. You remember 2 years ago, we completed the Oakland Bay Bridge which is a massive infrastructure project. So it's more opportunistic. So the more of the opportunities are there for enhanced margin difficult to perform projects, we would focus more of our capacity towards those. They just haven't been that available in some of our markets because of the lack of the infrastructure spend available. So as more projects become available, we'll focus more on that for our existing capacity.
Rohit Seth: And then, on the New York City plan that I know the awards are up pretty significantly, I calculated 70%. Is that stuff coming to the market yet from the city of New York?
William Sandbrook: Not as a result of the new plan passed by Governor Cuomo. Those would've been done irrespective of that maybe on the come, hoping that there would be a replacement for the 421a program, but this is - the projects that we are doing now, they've been planned 1 year to 2 years ago, so all of this is to come.
Rohit Seth: Got you. And then on the M&A front. You did that acquisition in South Jersey. I think you talked about it supplying the New York operation, but I kind of looked at that as potentially the beachhead into Philly. Is that the right way to think about as well?
William Sandbrook: It's close to Philadelphia but the purpose of that acquisition was primarily to self-consume in our existing ready-mixed operations where sand is extremely expensive and expensive to truck-in from various land-based sources. So it could give us opportunities for additional markets in the future, the primary reason for that was self-consumption in the five boroughs of New York.
Rohit Seth: And you're still looking south in terms of entering new geographic markets? Anything change on that front?
Joseph Tusa: We're looking in all potential markets, east-west, north-south. Our preferred is high-growth urban markets, but we are looking across the country.
William Sandbrook: The strategy around markets, not only geographically, but the characteristics of those markets are still very consistent with what we communicated over the last year.
Rohit Seth: Just on the cost structure production cost per unit, seems to be coming down. I know you guys look at it differently but just from your public statements looks like it's coming down. Is that synergy coming from the New York operations and you know we have 2 quarter with actuals since you did those and is it fair to assume kind of the overhead and labor cost we're seeing, that's good run rate to project forward?
William Sandbrook: As far the synergies, the New York market we had 4 acquisitions within the last 12 months and it takes 18 months to 24 months to fully synergize them. So as that clock ticks forward and with those companies under our umbrella and the rationalization of the operating footprint, so that we can more effectively and more cost-effectively and more cheaply service large projects, comes into our operating model that obviously is going to help our operating costs. I can - irrespective of post-acquisition synergies. We are constantly striving for operational and process improvements.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Craig Bibb with CJS Securities.
Craig Bibb: It look here the volume growth was really encouraging given the rain in California, you have a tough compare in Dallas. Was this a New York-driven quarter?
William Sandbrook: Obviously we were impacted negatively in California, so the results that we did put on the paper had to overcome that and it would be a combination of New York and Dallas Metroplex, Northern Texas.
Craig Bibb: Okay. It looks like your contribution, given the spread between organic growth and total growth, your contribution from your New York purchases appear to be as well above what I was expecting. Was New York less seasonal than normal in Q1?
William Sandbrook: It had marginally - it had basically marginally improved weather, except if you remember at the end of March, the third week of March we had that big blizzard in New York. So we had to overcome that as well in the last 2 weeks, and obviously, March is seasonally better weather than January and February and then we lost a full week in March. I'm very pleased with our results even given some weather disruptions in that market.
Craig Bibb: And the naysayers on your stock are concerned that New York is going to slow down. Are you guys seeing that?
William Sandbrook: No, from my commentary, what's in the project pipeline, what we papered, what we're working on right now, what's in our backlog, what's not even in our backlog but was projected on Staten Island with the Port Authority spend and the governor's new proposal for the 421a replacement, I'm very happy to be operating in New York with a footprint we have.
Craig Bibb: It sounded like you're a little bit more optimistic about the D.C. market. Is there potential for M&A and building out your position there?
William Sandbrook: Yes, we are looking in that market, as all of our markets for potential opportunities. I'm optimistic about the growth prospects in D.C. as well.
Craig Bibb: Okay. And then last one. Are there any looming costs for trucks, drivers, maintenance or anything that could derail margins later in the year?
Joseph Tusa: No, Craig, as Bill mentioned, the effort continually on further optimizing the cost structure is very active. Maintenance CapEx that we have mainly for our truck fleet, is very predictable as you know. And so we don't expect or see spikes in any of the cost components that would be unanticipated or in the organic CapEx as well.
Operator: And the next question comes on the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms: I've got 9 questions I want to ask to but I'll probably just keep it to 2 since its earnings season. That was a joke. The deferred 100,000 tons that you're talking about, you said just watch the weather but - excuse me, not 100,000 tons, 100,000 cubic yards, you said kind of watch the weather in California that sort of thing. But do we - is capacity there to get it all done in 2Q? Or is that something just takes a bit longer to kind of roll out, just depending on the ability to get the work done? The manpower?
Joseph Tusa: Yes, Trey. Just - very similar to what we experienced with the heavy rainfall in the past 2 years in the state of Texas. It takes more than just 1 quarter to absorb that level of disruption. So that maybe 2 quarters or 3 quarters to get all of that work back into the schedule, and remember, that as Bill mentioned, Northern California is very, very active market right now. So that we don't expect to get fully made up in Q2.
Trey Grooms: Okay, got it. And then you mentioned about West Texas obviously starting to improve. What's the opportunity - you said 10% of sales but just trying to get an idea of what the opportunity is there? How much is at all from a few years ago? I would think it would be pretty considerable, but just trying to gauge the opportunity you have in West Texas because I think that's a market that goes - kind of doesn't get much attention with the Dallas/Fort Worth being a bigger market for your guys and a hot market just trying to gauge the opportunity there.
Joseph Tusa: Yes, Trey. The opportunity is significant, particularly as some components of the energy patch continue to recover, mainly around the Permian, and so the capacity there, you have to look at a little different from say the Dallas market proper. And so the capacity to ramp up is pretty significant in the West Texas market. You are correct, that 10% of revenue component is down from previous year. So there is opportunity to move that up and the capacity - and we'll largely depend on the timing and size of projects that come into that market.
Operator: In the next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson, Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: I want to ask a first on ready-mixed volumes. I don't know how granular you really want to get. Does the environment exists that would support continued double-digit growth?
William Sandbrook: We've answered that, that we expect high single-digit organic growth. Supplemented by selective acquisitions that we're able to accomplish. So we're right under double-digit if you're counting 10 as a double digit. So I would stick with outside of any acquisitions those high single-digit projections we've given you.
Adam Thalhimer: Maybe on to the acquisition strategies. You look at new metro areas. What's the preferred way to enter those? Is it, buy 5 or 6 smaller companies? Or is it buy 1 big company?
William Sandbrook: It depends on the market. The ultimate endgame is what you have to keep in mind, you have to have a path to consolidation so that we can replicate the market concentration and the ability of purchase raw materials extremely cost effectively and the ability to cover an entire metro region with a robust plant network. So depending on the underlying commercial characteristics and competitive environment within each of those regions, would dictate the strategy. So it's situational, depending on the underlying market fundamentals or dynamics with in each of those metro areas.
Adam Thalhimer: And then I wanted to ask lastly, on cement price increases. How successful were those in your markets for the spring?
William Sandbrook: Success like beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. As I said in my prepared comments, our ability to buy large quantities of cement and aggregates in our markets allow us to be very efficient in our purchases, vis-à-vis what some of our smaller competitors might have to pay. Our supplier's value our volume.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: I saw the metrics you offered, the high single-digit volume growth, mid-single digit price organic, even with the potential to sustain that over the next few years. Any sense of what kind of margin expansion you kind of see from that? Because I know you have some easier comps this year, so it's not necessarily apples-to-apples after this year?
Joseph Tusa: Well. I think, Brent, we've been pretty consistent in saying that we do expect mid-single digit price increases for ready-mix and we see that it, also in our prepared remarks today, that potential to continue for a few years. So the way we look at it is with that kind of pricing power, with a position that we have in our markets, we would have the ability to further widen out the margin spread, and so we have some variabilities, as you know, in our margins by markets but we are very well poised to take advantage. Not only have improving the volumes in our higher-margin markets, but also widening out our margin spreads across everywhere where we operate.
Brent Thielman: Okay. And then Bill, as you look out over the next few years not just California but the whole spread of assets you got. Do you think the business overall is likely to see a more material shift towards infrastructure work that you have in the past. And if that's the case, even if you go after these more complex jobs, is that still somewhat of a headwind in terms of the ASP and continue to grow at the pace you have.
William Sandbrook: No I don't think it's a headwind at all. Because some of these infrastructure jobs are very complicated with significantly difficult quality specifications that not all ready-mix suppliers can perform to, as well as the service requirements of the number of trucks and robust plant networks. So I think that those are very high-priced high-margin opportunities, so I don't look at that as a headwind at all. We're not counting on it because some of these plants we still have to see the fruition and the flow through of the dollars to actual projects, but I would consider that a tailwind to our existing base of business which is very healthy right now, but not a headwind at all.
Operator: And the next question comes on the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: On the price mix, both on or the price side both on ready-mix and on the aggregates, can you break out what was a regional impact, maybe what was a product mix impact, anything to help with that? Or should we just assumed that's just straight price?
William Sandbrook: There are mix implications there obviously, but in this respect it kind of works. Our underlying price worked in favor of the shifting mix. Obviously, the 2 coasts are more expensive ready-mix and because of the decline in volume, because of the weather impacts in California, we lost some of that high-priced California pricing. So when you see a mid-single-digit or a 6% price increase, that's overcoming a mix shift that goes against us. So there's very strong underlying fundamental pricing dynamics in all of our markets.
Stanley Elliott: And did you say the Texas market was a little soft as well or not soft but just had some weather impacts.
William Sandbrook: It did have some weather impacts; it's been noted in various forms over the last couple of days. In our markets, when you look at the precipitation rank first quarter 2017 versus first quarter 2016. In our major Texas market, would be the Dallas Metroplex it was a 74th wettest quarter on record. Last year was the 59th so marginally wetter in Dallas. And as far as our West Texas markets, last year it was the 39th wettest which is fairly low out of 118 years. And this year was the 109th wettest. So there were impacts in our West Texas business, minor impacts in our Dallas business which we overcame.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. And now with the business at a steady state you certainly feel like we're hearing more about in-fill acquisitions in the past. I was thinking more kind of new platforms; I know that was still on the table for you. But am I correct in picking up that there seems to be more in-fill deals within existing markets kind of in the - on the wish list now?
William Sandbrook: I would say that we desire to get both we have been very consistent, not only in in-fills new markets and in aggregate vertical integration. But I think there has been some more opportunities, some more sellers that have surfaced over the last 6 months. So wouldn't necessarily be our wish list has changed but opportunities to execute deals that weren't previously available to us, now are coming into the mix a little bit.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. And then last for me with a steady run rate business. Where we're doing now with good volume, good pricing outlook? Would you guys just hazard a guess kind of what you see as a margin potential within this new business kind of as it stands now, or is this still too early to say?
Joseph Tusa: Stanley, we've mentioned in the past that moving the EBITDA - the total adjusted EBITDA margins in the mid-teens range and we are quite close in the performance in this quarter, is how we look at the business overall. So we do think there are still opportunities to further optimize the cost structure and then as I mentioned continue to widen out the raw material margin spreads. So that's sort of how we're looking at it in the near-term and again, based on the performance in Q1, that looks quite achievable.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Scotch Schrier with Citi.
Scotch Schrier: I wanted to follow up on a couple of questions as you think about the infrastructure opportunity that you discuss. Do you plan on whether its green fielding new batch plants anywhere to kind of broaden out your footprint away from some of the metro areas to get more exposure to some of these infrastructure opportunities? Or how can we think about your footprint versus where some of these big infrastructure opportunities could be?
William Sandbrook: Sure. That's not a primary objective of our strategy. We do have mobile concrete plants and division that historically has followed infrastructure work, wind farm work for instance in Colorado, Montana, Oklahoma. We've kind of moved away from that to some extent because you just - it's difficult to find competitive advantages when you come into another market where you don't have a presence in, both in raw material purchasing and sourcing labor, and competing for that work with existing players that are in that market. Now having said that, when there are large infrastructure projects within our existing geographies, when we are at a fairly high level of capacity utilization within those major Metropolitan areas, it's our preferred means of supplying that job with a portable operation that supplements our existing fixed-plant capacity. So I would look at it more that we've had the ability, even when our other plants are busy, to set up additional capacity within markets that we currently exist to take advantage of those opportunities.
Scotch Schrier: I want to follow up on the margin questions, and maybe hit it another way Jody. When I look at your incremental margins for the quarter, obviously, they were very strong. So is this a good run rate to think about the cadence of this margin expansion that you refer to? Were there any one-off items in there? Or are we just at a point where you are just leveraging your fixed cost you have that pricing power so this level of operating leverage is a good way to think about the business?
Joseph Tusa: Yes. It's really the latter, Scott. So there were no one-time or nonrecurring types of components in the cost structure that drove these results, and so as you look at margins overall or on an incremental basis, we do think that trajectory is a good way to look at what will continue in the coming quarters and years. And it's attributed to the components exactly that you mentioned. Just underlying fundamentals improving in pricing, improved volumes over the fixed cost structure and further optimizing various components of our overall cost.
Scotch Schrier: Great. And lastly I want to hit the question again, specifically the New York, so I see a lot of these projects you do here in our backyard and as you've alluded they're complicated so you have significant pricing power in those. If I think about the fact that we've some new cement capacity coming online, whether it's both in upstate New York and Canada, does that give you an even more opportunity to really push that materials spread, given that you might have some more purchasing power with the supply in the market versus the fact that you do have these projects where you're able to push pricing a little further?
William Sandbrook: Yes. Interesting that the capacity question in New York. Some of that excess capacity is going to be used up by overall market demand with us and our competitors, so I'm not that concerned about that. To the extent that we can efficiently take advantage of cost opportunities because of excess cement capacity our own purchasing ability because of the amount that we buy and our leverage in that relationship, and as we keep getting value for our products and service and delivery, as you've said, they're very complicated project and not many people - not many companies can do them and there has to be an inherent value for our customers in using us. That combination should continue to allow us to increase spreads.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bill Sandbrook, President and Chief Executive Officer, for closing remarks.
William Sandbrook: Thank you, Sabrina. Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning, and for your continued support of U.S. Concrete. This concludes our call, and we look forward to discussing our second quarter results with you later this summer. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude your program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co. J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co. John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.
Analysts: Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co. Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. My name is Yolanda, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And now, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, please begin, sir.
Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. To facilitate our discussion today, we have made available on our website supplemental information for your review and use. Rather than walk through each slide on this call, we will focus on the highlights. With that said, please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks are described in detail in the company's SEC reports including our earnings release and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Vulcan's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, Mark. And thank all of you for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call. You know, it's a very exciting time to be in the Construction Materials business. We have great momentum, and we are as well-positioned as I've ever seen us and we're looking forward to a strong year in 2017 and looking past 2017. Our foundation for sustained growth is as strong as I've ever seen it in my 27 years with the company. Our fourth quarter results didn't match up with the prior year's fourth quarter, which was exceptionally strong in a tough comp. This comparison was affected in a large part because of an earlier end to the construction season in 2016, and also due to continued volume weakness in our California, Illinois and coastal Texas businesses. With the exception of these three areas, fourth quarter aggregate shipments were relatively strong compared to 2015. October-November shipments exceeded the prior year's strong comps, before falling off in the second half of December. This is even with a slowdown in new construction starts during the election cycle with its related uncertainty. Lower shipments volumes and production brought lower fixed cost absorption. At the same time, we made the right investments to support the increasing production we see coming in 2017. These basic and necessary investments to support growth in repair and maintenance and stripping, along with variances in end of the year accounting accruals negatively impacted our unit margins. But stepping back and looking at the full year and our underlying performance trends, what you see is continued compounding improvements in our execution, our service to customers, and in our profitability. We are of the strong view that we are in a long, multi-year recovery where we will continue to build our profitability, our franchise and deliver for our shareholders, our customers and our people. In fact, a longer recovery will enhance profitability as we benefit from further improvements in unit margins, pricing and operating leverage. Here's what we delivered in 2016. 16% growth in adjusted EBITDA, 22% growth in adjusted EBIT, 90% growth in net earnings and 24% growth in cash provided by operations. These numbers reflect our continued success in making meaningful improvements to our underlying profitability, that includes 7% growth in aggregate freight-adjusted average selling prices in 2016, and 14% growth in aggregates gross profit per ton, a record level. We also saw further improvements in asphalt and concrete material margins and a 280 basis point gain in total company gross profit margin, and we achieved important pricing and unit margins across nearly all of our markets. Our 2016 results set us up nicely for 2017 and beyond. Our assets are positioned extremely well to serve the continued recovery in materials demand. The pricing climate remains constructive. Our operating disciplines will enable us to grow margins faster than pricing, and we have the financial strength and flexibility to grow, while at the same time returning capital to shareholders. Combining our strong cash generation and incremental debt capacity, we may have approximately $5 billion to either invest for growth or return to shareholders between now and return to mid-cycle shipment levels. I'll comment more on M&A later in the call. Let me just say now that I like what I see with the acquisitions landscape, and our disciplined pursuit of these opportunities. Now, we faced some volume changes – challenges in 2016 that I don't expect to repeat this year. You might simply say that we should face easier comparisons later in the year, but let me briefly touch on a few examples. In Texas, our aggregate shipments were down 10% year-over-year given several large project delays and prolonged bad weather. However, shipments in Texas began to strengthen in the fourth quarter. With our North and South Texas areas running ahead of last year's strong pace, we expect volume growth in Texas in 2017. California continue to lag expectations, although we began to see improvements in shipments in some markets, along with continued improvements in pricing. California's failure to address its declining transportation infrastructure in 2016 along with deferred construction on a number of large non-residential projects contributed to the low in our California business. Recent trends suggest those factors will change in 2017. We expect California like Texas to grow in 2017. Illinois also continued to lag, but not at the same pace of decline and pricing was strong. We believe that our Illinois business will hold steady in 2017. The remainder of our business showed strong growth in 2016, on the order of approximately 10% aggregate shipment growth and 6% pricing growth in total. For the most part, we expect that momentum – the momentum to continue throughout 2017. For example, look at important markets in the Southeast, which enjoyed robust double-digit growth in 2016. South Carolina volume was up 17%, Florida volumes grew by 15%, and Georgia was up 20%. By the way, all of these markets should see double-digit volume gains again in 2017. John will walk us through our expectations for 2017 in a moment. But the bottom line is that we expect another strong year, on track with our longer term, our longer range goals, a year with growth in adjusted EBITDA of approximately 15% to 25%. So we are excited about 2017 and we're excited about the business well beyond 2017. As I look across our markets, the foundation is in place for an extended recovery, with growth in public construction spending just beginning to join the growth we have been seeing in private construction. And while I'm encouraged by the attention we see the Federal Government giving to sustain investment in our nation's infrastructure, our views regarding an extended recovery and demand are grounded in what's happening right now. In the November election, continuing a nationwide secular trend, ballot measures passed in Los Angeles County, San Francisco, Greater Atlanta, and South Carolina added $1.7 billion annually in infrastructure spending in these markets. Other states are poised for action this year. In California, work is progressing quickly in the Senate and Assembly with support from the Governor to increase transportation funding by $4 billion to $6 billion annually. Tennessee and South Carolina also have announced new highway funding proposals that stand a good chance of being enacted this year. So, the momentum continues to build. Voters across the country are demanding that something be done to catch up on decades of underinvestment in public infrastructure. The LA County measure passed with 70% of the vote. That's voters passing a tax increase on themselves, and nationwide, 74% of state and local ballot measures calling for transportation improvements passed during the 2016 election season. Now, certainly more is needed. Federal investment is, in physical infrastructure, as a percentage of GDP is at 0.5%, lower than it's been in decades, and far below levels of investment and – or in other developed nations. But notwithstanding the need for significant new investment, the foundations for a sustained and extended recovery demand are already in place, and there is no construction materials company in the United States that is better positioned to take advantage of that ongoing recovery than Vulcan. Now I'll hand it off to John to walk you through our 2017 outlook. Then I'll close by addressing our M&A activities and other investments in growth. John?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Tom, and good morning everyone. As you saw outlined in our release, our performance expectations for 2017 line up with the business's trajectory since the second half of 2013, when the recovery in our part of the economy began, as well as with the longer range goals we've discussed previously. To give you a bit more color, I'll check through some of the expectations underpinning our guidance range of $1.125 billion to $1.225 billion in adjusted EBITDA. And I'll provide some comments regarding the timing in what could be a back-half-loaded year with uneven quarterly comparisons. I'll start with aggregate shipments, where we anticipate volume of between 190 million and 196 million tons or between 5% and 8% growth over 2016. Consistent with the preliminary outlook we shared during our September Investor Meeting in Atlanta, we expect year-over-year shipment growth across all end-use segments, residential, private non-res, public transportation and other public infrastructure and in nearly all of our geographic units. Construction materials demand continues to recover and to recover broadly. Longer-term project pipelines, what has been called the water behind the dam, continues to build. As it relates to our ultimate 2017 shipments, the key question may not be around demand per se, but rather around the pace at which the end-to-end construction sector can move to meet that demand. The recent improvement in construction starts we have seen serves as a positive leading indicator, particularly for the second half of the year. However, we still see constrained construction capacity for certain types of jobs in certain geographies. This uncertainty regarding shipment timing drives our wider range regarding 2017 tonnage. As Tom noted, the overall pricing climate remains positive. For aggregates pricing, we see a gain in freight adjusted average selling prices of between 5% and 7%. Price increases announced for our fixed plant customers have generally been well-received. The momentum in aggregates pricing reflects the confidence market participants have in the sustained recovery, as well as the continued focus by material producers on earning adequate returns on capital. It also reflects a number of construction markets that are effectively supply constrained in the short term, similar to the pricing dynamics that you see in housing, for example. To the extent improved product mix balances, including higher sales rates for fines and base material, negatively impacts reported average selling prices, it should also improve total cash flows. In other words, it would be a good thing. Again, we expect unit margins in our Aggregates segment to expand faster than the rate of pricing growth. For our Asphalt, Concrete and Calcium segments, we expect gross profit growth of approximately 15% in total, driven primarily by volume recovery and improving material margins in concrete. We do not expect the recent growth in SAG expenses to repeat in 2017. The SAG increase in 2016 over 2015 was driven primarily by incentives tied to the company's financial performance and stock price, certain investments in sales and customer service capabilities, as well as elevated legal and other outside service expenses. Operating and maintenance CapEx for 2017 should be approximately $300 million. This figure includes some carryover from 2016, during which time our expenditures were approximately $250 million as compared to our original guidance of $275 million. These figures exclude our internal growth capital investments, such as opening of new rail yards, railcars or our Panamax-class ships. All in all, we expect another year of strong growth in net earnings, EBITDA and cash provided by operations amidst what for now appears to be an extended recovery in demand in materials shipments. We will persist with our focus on continuous compounding improvements in safety, in our operating performance, in our unit margins, and in our capital productivity. We've entered 2017 in a very strong financial position. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged from those discussed previously, and we're in a position to balance reinvestment in our current franchise, M&A and other growth capital investments, and returning capital to shareholders. Now, before handing it back over to Tom, I'd like to offer a few thoughts regarding the timing of revenue and earnings growth throughout the year. We don't give quarterly guidance, as you know, nor do we intend to. However, we do want to remind you that 2017 growth, especially on a quarterly year-over-year comparison basis, could be weighted toward the last three quarters or perhaps even the second half of the year. We expect our shipment momentum to build throughout the year as FAST Act funds begin to drive new construction activity, and as the recent improvement in construction starts begins to impact our business with its typical lag. In addition, and I know this is hardly news to most of you listening, the business faces tougher comparisons in the beginning of the year than it does later in the year. For example, last year's first quarter saw a 17% increase in aggregates volume over the prior year, driven by unusually favorable weather and exceptionally strong large project shipments. And in contrast, the fourth quarter of 2016 was obviously not nearly as strong. Per these examples, we continue to encourage investors to focus on longer-term trends in order to understand the performance and value of the business. And from our perspective, those key trends, multiple years of volume recovery, a positive pricing climate, strong operating leverage, and accelerating growth in free cash flows remain substantially unchanged. Tom, back over to you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, John. At Vulcan, we've moved into 2017 with a great deal of confidence. Our business has come a long way over the last three years, and we intend to maintain that momentum. 2016, a year where we grew EBITDA by 16% on only a 2% gain in aggregates shipments really sets us up for a year that won't see the same volume headwinds. Certainly we are encouraged by the discussions taking place regarding infrastructure investment and corporate tax reform. The country needs these changes. Vulcan's working families need these changes, and yes, Vulcan shareholders also stand to benefit. We have the wind at our back. Our job, internally, as always is to focus on what we can control to serve our customers extraordinarily well, to operate safely and efficiently, and to deliver better and better returns from the capital that we deploy. At Vulcan, we're not satisfied with tailwinds. We're going to raise our internal expectations. We're going to raise our disciplines and our intensity another notch. We're not waiting for National Policy improvements to make our own business better. That's our job, and that's the job we're going to do. If we do that, we'll help our country grow and regain a competitive edge. We'll create jobs and opportunity for our people and we'll be even better positioned to grow for many years to come. Now, on the topic of growth and in particular acquisition-led growth, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on the M&A landscape as we see it today and our approach to it. You likely saw a number of recent bolt-on acquisitions referenced in our press release. This may appear to be a pickup in activity after a period of relative quiet. But I'll tell you, we've been working hard on this all along, and we'll continue to work hard on it. The acquisitions noted in our release represent attractive additions to our positions in markets ranging from Nashville, to Dallas, to Albuquerque. In each instance, we're not only getting bigger, but we're also improving our capabilities to service our customers efficiently and effectively. John noted that we have the financial strength to invest for growth while maintaining the overall flexibility and resilience of our balance sheet. We're first and foremost going to maintain discipline and how we use our financial strength, but I expect you'll continue to see bolt-on acquisitions. These will add to our already strong organic growth trajectory and to the lasting value of our market positions over the long-term. And of course, acquisitions aren't the only growth investments we make. During 2016 for example, we invested in five new rail yards in markets such as Texas, Georgia, and South Carolina. So to wrap up, I'll note again that these are exciting times at Vulcan Materials. We're facing an extended recovery with the impact of the FAST Act just beginning to kick in. We're seeing a significant pickup in state and local transportation funding across our footprint. The pricing climate for our products remains constructive, and we're going to realize further profit margin improvements with multiple years of continued growth ahead. In addition, we enjoy the financial strength to pursue smart bolt-on acquisitions and other growth investments while also prudently returning capital to shareholders. Add to all of this, the potential for meaningful corporate tax reform and a sustained increase in infrastructure investment, I think it's easy to see why we are very excited about our future at Vulcan. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Certainly. And we'll go first to Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning. Congratulations on a very strong 2016. I was hoping you could just step me through the bridge in terms of the sequence of shipments from October, November, December because you guys sounded pretty bullish, I think, on your last update from November 3. And I was also hoping you could kind of give us a bridge on gross profit margin? I think John called out a couple items that affected fixed cost absorption like the timing of repair and maintenance work and stripping expenses, and whether those are like one-time costs that pertain to the quarter or whether kind of a normal incremental profitability that you guys generate will be visible as we move into the new year?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah Bob, it's Tom. I'll start first with the – how we saw volumes in the fourth quarter. October and November were actually from a rates – from a shipping rates perspective, were ahead of the prior year and going very strong. The bottom line through it, at least ran out of – we ran out of time on the construction season. In 2015, we were able to ship all the way to the end of the year. And depending on the market second week, first week, third week of December we just – the season ended, and it just – that's what caught us. So I think the demand going forward is there. We're confident in 2017. The works there, in fact, was really exciting. It's going to be when the construction season starts up and who knows when that's going to be. But when it does, we'll start to see the large highway projects, that FAST Act flowing through plus some of the big non-res projects will start shipping.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Bob, I'll take – I'll start with your second question, but again, just on volume and you probably saw this referred to in our release, total business for the quarter on a shipping rate basis up 2.5%, October-November combined, that's despite the challenges that we had in California and Coastal Texas and Illinois. And just to give you a contrast, December was down 11%. So, really good momentum, particularly in our core markets, if you – core Southeastern markets, those were actually up in the quarter for the full quarter. They're up about 9% October-November on a shipping rate basis, down 7% in December, just to give you a sense for the fall off relative to last year. I'll highlight that because it kind of ties to your second question, Bob. There are really three big things in the quarter that affected unit margins in our Aggregates segment and gross profit margins in our Aggregates segment. And they're really all timing related. So the first thing we would say and call out is that the full year trends are the right trends to look at. The full year trends in terms of unit cost production being up 3% year-on-year, and then full year trends in terms of 14% improvement in unit gross profit margins in our Aggregates segment, those are the right numbers to focus on. With that said, let me kind of say what happened in the quarter. Again, really about timing, we noted first in the quarter that our unit cost of production increased 13%. Again, that compares to a 3% increase for the full year. That's all about timing of cost. So that's about $0.89 of cost increase in the quarter, that contrasts to about $0.22 for the year. Again, the $0.22 is the right number. But that timing factor by itself, it was about $30 million impact in the quarter, and it's about a 500 basis point impact to gross profit margin. So that's the big driver, is timing and costs. Again, look at the full-year trend, right numbers to look at. Two other factors; one, we called out pricing up. We had about $0.14 in the quarter of negative pricing mix both product and geographic. That's about another 100 basis points of impact on margin, still a very good thing for sales and cash flows, about a 100 basis point impact on stated gross profit margin. And then that volume fall off, it happened in – at the end of December, losing those incremental tons, which come at a higher rate of incremental gross profit. It had about another 100 basis point negative impact on margin in the quarter. Add those up, it's about again $30 million of impact due to timing differences and unit cost of production. That's really the difference between $0.89 and $0.22 across 43 million tons. It's about $6 million with negative mix on pricing. And it's – on the incremental tons, we think if we lost about 2 million tons, it's probably another 18 million of gross profit with the associated revenue that came with it. So, that's the rough walk-through. That's the way we look at it, that I come back to looking at the full year numbers is the best indication of how the business is doing, 3% growth in unit cost in our Aggregate segment, 14% growth in gross profit per ton in our Aggregate segment. Those are reflective of really what's happening in the business and they're reflective of what you see in our guidance.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's extremely helpful and clarifies what I was trying to understand. One other question, and then I'll turn it over, kind of a high-level question. It seems like you're saying this cycle is going to be stronger for longer and you're talking about mid-cycle profitability, which kind of seems like it shifted out a little bit just due to timing situation but a lot of things are going to come on in the back half of the year. I haven't heard Tom sound this optimistic in a while, and he put that out that $5 billion number there, which is a huge number in terms of balance sheet leverage if you want to buy something and free cash flow generation. What are your thoughts on capital allocation for the next 12 to 24 months? And you guys have any new thinking around that as we move closer towards mid-cycle? Thanks and good luck.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'll start with kind of a CFO view and then Tom might comment more on just the M&A landscape and how we're approaching it broadly. But our overall capital allocation priorities are unchanged. So we will – and the thing to take away is we got the flexibility to do all of these things. So it's about balance and not either or for us. We will continue to make investments back in our franchise so that's next year CapEx guidance of about $300 million. Again, that includes some carryover for this year. And again, you'll see accelerating free cash flow in the business. We continue to have incremental debt capacity staying within our investment grade parameters. That could be roughly $2 billion of incremental capacity as we move through the recovery part of the cycle. We would expect dividend to continue to grow with earnings but we're very focused on the sustainability of that dividend. As Tom noted, we are actively involved, if not aggressive on the M&A trail. We're going to stay disciplined but we have a lot of really good opportunities there. We'll continue to pursue those. And then, we will continue to look to return excess cash after all those items to shareholders via opportunistic share repurchases that makes sense. Now, all those things with the same priorities we've talked about is just – we just know that we're entering 2017 in a really good position to pursue all those things. And Tom, I'll hand it off to you, maybe talk about M&A.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, Bob. I think that you saw us close a few that we noted in the press release. Don't be surprised if you see that pattern continue. We have a lot of conviction around the continuing improving cycle. And there is a lot of M&A opportunities out there, some of which we should be the clear owner of those. It's always difficult to predict timing, but what we will say is that we'll say, stay disciplined in our acquisition process. But I think you'll probably see this pattern continue.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Nice work guys. Stay in the course.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hey, Jerry.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'm wondering if you could just flesh out for us some visibility that you have into the ramp up into the back half of 2017? You've been very clear that the first quarter is a tough comp for a while now. I'm just wondering, can you just give us some data points either large project bids or whatever underpins visibility on the significant ramp up in the back half of 2017? And within that context, can you just talk about what you're seeing in Texas specifically, that's giving you confidence that Texas will return to growth in 2017?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I think that as we look at 2017, we see broad based growth in, of course, all of our segments and our geographic footprint. The Mid Atlantic and the Southeast continues to be very, very strong. As we look at our confidence – as far as the timing of that, it's really about when the construction season starts. The work's there. We have visibility of jobs, we backlog the jobs, they're ready to go, it's in every market we have, when does the sun come out and when we start shipping, and when does that begin. So, that will control the timing and that could be first quarter or second quarter, but it's going to start. I'd like to touch for a minute on California. And as we said in California, it isn't if, it's really when and we're beginning to see that win come around, it's really going to be driven by the private side in California and we'd been very focused on the private side, particularly the non-residential, and I'm pleased with our team's execution on that. I would tell you in California, our customers are a lot more optimistic than they were a year ago. And we're beginning to see those large projects let and start, and we've backlogged a number of them. I'll give you a couple examples. The new Rams Stadium, we'll start to ship in the next couple months, and this is 750,000 tons. The Mid-Coast Trolley extension in San Diego, again, it will start to ship whenever the season starts. It's about 200,000 tons. Silver Lake Reservoir is a really nice project for us because there's a lot of base and fines. And then the Otay Ranch residential project is a good example of the res that's going on in California. It's one of seven different phases of a residential project, and the first phase is 100,000 tons. And then, I'm pleased our team just closed on the LA Street contract, which is a five-year contract for asphalt, million tons of asphalt. So we're seeing California demand pick up, and it's – but, again, it's going to be driven by the private side. And I got to tell you, I'm feeling good about our execution in California and the team we have in place. So moving to Texas, I think we expect good growth, continued growth in Texas. Look, the fundamentals in Texas are all there. It's still growing. We see employment growth in Texas. We see population growth in Texas. The oil bust impact at this point on employment has really about bottomed out. So those headwinds will go away. It has the most healthy highway program probably in the country, and highway work in 2017 is very much in our footprint both in aggregates and asphalt. On the private side, res and non-res continue to grow. We'd probably – again, we bottomed out in Houston, we'd probably see some small growth in Houston. So, we expect healthy growth in Texas in 2017.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And Tom, can you comment about the Coastal Texas specifically, how much of your exposure is directly or indirectly to large-scale ethylene and LNG projects? Is it possible to tell just so we're appropriately calibrated as those projects eventually roll off?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure. I think that, that really affected the compares between 2015 and 2016. We had really big projects in 2015. They really kind of finished out in 2016, and we didn't see them ever flow through again in 2016. And I would tell you, they're probably not going to flow through in 2017. There are some out there, but they're not going to start till 2018. So what's built in here is really based on the highway program and conventional res and non-res growth, not the large energy projects.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And, John, in your prepared remarks, you said the price increases were well-received so far. Can you talk about the magnitude of the price increases in 2017 compared to the price increases that you put in at the start of 2016? And specifically, were you able to put in price increases into markets where volumes were down significantly in 2016?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure. I'll offer a couple comments, but I'll hand it out to Tom to kind of give you around the horn on what we're seeing in pricing, because it is really continued positive climate. First thing I'd say, Jerry, because it links into pricing is don't take our comments about back-half loaded as concerns about the underlying recovery at all. They're concerns if anything about timing, but you just heard Tom say, look, California and Texas are returning to growth for us. The rest of our franchise has been growing. Illinois should be flat, not at the same decline it had last year. So we're pretty excited about how we're set up for 2017. We're also just acknowledging a tough first quarter comp, and we're acknowledging the timing uncertainty we've seen with respect to large projects and when they actually take aggregate shipments. But, again, that's about timing, that's not about conviction in the recovery. Now, you see that in pricing. The market participants see the demand. It's a big driver. The demand coming is a big driver of the pricing climate. The magnitude of the changes varies across markets. But in total for us, the way we look at it is the compounding margin improvements we've seen should continue and continue apace and consistent with the long-term goals we've laid out. I will note in – sometimes get missed, but even in those markets that we had a lot of volume challenge last year, the Californias and Illinois as examples. We actually had quite healthy price increase. So it's not like all is bad in those markets, it's more of a temporary issue with respect to volumes. But let me hand it off to Tom to give maybe a better around the horn in what we're seeing in terms of the price increases we put in place so far.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, Jerry. With confidence in a long, gradual recovery ahead of us, the environment for price increases continues to be quite healthy. And it's driven obviously by improving demand, but also as we'll tell you, as we've always say, it's driven by the visibility that our customers have in the growing pipeline of work. We're seeing rising prices and/or margin expansions across our footprint and across all product lines. As I look at the numbers without – I'm not going to get into naming markets, but I'll give you some examples of price increases that we implemented January 1, reading down the list, $1.25, $1.35, $0.50, $1.75, $0.60. Look, these are robust price increases and there just continues to be a lot of confidence in a long sustained recovery, and it's showing up in pricing.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'm sorry, just to clarify. Even markets like California and Texas that were down in 2016, you are getting significant price increases to start off 2017?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: The answer to the question is, yes. In fact, we had price increases that were very, very healthy in those markets in 2016, and we'll continue to see price increases in 2017.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: One question, I guess is for John on the incrementals. I mean you gave us some good color on how to think about incrementals for the full year this year. And I understand that's the best way to look at the business overall. But you did also highlight the obvious tough comps we're facing here in the first quarter, not just you guys, but pretty much everybody is facing in the 1Q and how this year could be more back-end loaded. I get all that. But just for our modeling benefit, if we could get a little bit more color on how to think about the margins early in the year, especially given – coming off of a kind of a abnormal margin situation in 4Q and then you'll probably have kind of continued lack of fixed cost absorption in 1Q relative to other times in the year. Just any color, even if it's directionally on how to think about margins would be super helpful.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Trey, I'll try and give you some directional help, but you probably know what I'm going to say, which is we don't give quarterly guidance, and for a variety of reasons, particularly in a low-volume first quarter, let me just start by acknowledging that it's a little bit unpredictable. Okay?
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And I understand that.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: So I'll try and give you help, but I just want to make sure we're clear about that. I mean, keep in mind that our business as it ramps up, we're running a business now that daily shipment rates, depending where you are in the year, can range from 700,000 to 900,000 tons. It only takes a couple days shifting from – in the end of March, as an example, to have an impact on first quarter incrementals. So I'd tell you to really focus on trailing 12-month trends, and not over-read the first quarter regardless – just like we said last year's first quarter, don't over-read the blow-out numbers.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Sure.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: So all that said...
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: ...nothing that we see. There is no boogeyman in the business that we see that would lead to a slower overall rate of margin improvement. So there's some timing differences quarter-to-quarter, but there is nothing major negative out there. If I think about some of the factors at play, you already mentioned some. But diesel throughout the year, we'll see how it plays out. Our assumptions for our guidance have diesel a little bit less than $2, so that's a small headwind for us next year.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: And what was the average for 2016? Sorry, just for...
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Probably a $1.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: $1.60.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: $1.60.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Rising during the year and the fourth quarter diesel was a slight headwind, but not a major headwind. And the next big factor I'd point out is just the timing of price increases, and how they flow through the work. Again, the first quarter number can be a little bit deceptive that way. But it's really difficult – our big question in the first quarter really is probably more about volume than underlying margin structure of the business. Now, we get a lot of great operating leverage and a lot of great fixed cost leverage, so without that volume it impacts our incrementals. But this is mostly about timing of volumes as opposed to seeing major changes out there on the cost horizon if that makes any sense.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's super helpful. And the big wildcard obviously being volume in the 1Q, given the tough comp is – that was kind of the reason for the question, because I know it's not easy for you guys to call, and definitely not easy for us sitting in our chairs with the kind of unique 1Q we're facing.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Once again, I know this isn't that helpful to you and that's why, again, that's why we don't give quarterly guidance. But if you think about full year trends – that continued double-digit growth in unit margins is something we still feel good about.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then, also mix played a role in 4Q – given the outlook you have for your different geographies and how they might perform, you mentioned seeing California and Texas returning to some growth there. But given that outlook and then also for your end markets, is there any kind of a mix impact, good or bad, negative or positive, I guess, that we should be thinking about as we go through 2017 and any assumptions you've laid out there?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: It's Tom. I don't see a lot of mix impact in 2017, and if it were to come from the base side, we'd be very happy with it. And it would be in additive to the volumes that would be at the high side of the volume guidance. But I think we feel pretty good about how we've looked at it and we do those budgets from the – those projections from the ground up. So I don't see a lot of mix in those numbers, and again, if it were there, we'd be pleased with it because it'd be fines and base.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We're referring to healthier product mix which...
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Sure.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: ....with – as you well know, Trey, with some of the new construction coming on, can put a little bit of downward pressure on reported average selling price, but if you look at real like-for-like pricing, that trend is still very positive.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. But you guys are reflecting that in the – in the range you gave?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We think we are in the 5% to 7%. Again, because our pricing decisions – you hear us say this all the time – are made so locally, I mean, some have been made well around this call. It can be a difficult number, but that's included in the range, the 5% to 7%. We don't see – I'm going to call it any deceleration in the pricing climate per se. We'll have mix effects across the business product and geographic, but the overall climate is – I mean, it's very consistent with last year.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. The climate is consistent. I think it continues to be healthy and it's not like you're getting price increases in asphalt rock but not in base. It's really across segments, and it's across product lines, and it's across the geographies.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. And last one from me, just to kind of touch on that $5 billion that you mentioned earlier, Tom. Just to be clear that I'm making sure I understand that. And that's your expectation for cumulative free cash flow, so net of CapEx, cumulative free cash flow through the years as we kind of progress towards that mid-cycle volume. And I think you pointed to in the past is something like 250 million tons. Is that the right way to think about that $5 billion?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Two parts to it, Trey. It's roughly a $3 billion of cumulative free cash flow.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: And $2 billion of incremental debt capacity.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: And think of that incremental debt capacity is 2 to 2.25 times mid-cycle EBITDA. They were then investment grade parameters.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Okay.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: A rough number, but not – your own modeling will probably come up with something not dissimilar.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Right. I think that's right.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: And now, we're not going to get way ahead of ourselves and spend that money before we make it in some kind of crazy way. But it is a – the business model throws off a lot of cash and you know that, but that's just – it's worth thinking about.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Sure. All right. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate you taking the question.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Trey.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. One is just a follow-up on pricing, as we have also seen pricing momentum improve, but I think just for the reminder for us on the call, could you go through your top five highest per unit priced markets? Because we know that there are some that have perhaps lagged on a volume basis, but it'd be helpful if you could just give us a reminder of those top five per unit priced markets?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, Kathryn, I think there is a little bit of a missed number here. Our top pricing markets are going to be, what we call remote markets. So, they're going to be on the coast where we ship products into them. And some of those may or may not be the top margin markets. Some are, some would lag some of those things. I think that – we'd tell you, it's such a local business, that's all going to be relative and the top pricing may not be the top margin. But I think the important here is that, we are seeing pretty good price increases consistent across all of our markets in all segments. I think that as those – as the projects kick in, particularly from the FAST Act and from the new state highway over 2017, 2018, and 2019, it will only continue to support price increases along with the private side, which just continues to grow.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Kathryn, if you look at it, just building on Tom's answer, and I think – well, you know this I know, but especially if you look with a two-year or three-year view, there's a pretty good overlap between further remaining growth in the recovery and generally speaking markets that are higher margin, at least, as we sit here today. Now, we'd tell you that for the markets that are on average lower margin we're working hard to move that up, but as the recovery unfolds, that should be little bit of a tailwind to us and that we have a lot of room to go in markets that are attractive on a margin perspective already.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Just want a little bit more color on your higher stripping costs that you noted in the press release. I assume this is – you're typically building in the winter for the build up in the peak of the construction season in the spring and summer. But is it correct to assume that the higher stripping cost in part is driven by higher backlogs and expected higher demand, particularly for certain key products such as clean stone?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, Kathryn, that's exactly correct. We are making hay while the sun's shining in that we – while we don't have those shipments and don't have – well, that fell off in the second half of December gives us an opportunity to go ahead and get some work done, so that we could bank reserves that were stripped for the season that we see coming in, in 2017 and wouldn't have to go outside and maybe pay higher prices for. So this is just prudent long-term operations management.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Kathryn, those higher stripping and repair and maintenance expenses, just to be clear for everybody, they're in the $0.22 increase in unit cost of sales that we talked about for the full year. The distortion just happens because they occurred in the fourth quarter when we happen to have lower volume.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah. Understood.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And you understand those economics plus our inventory economics.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah. Absolutely. One other subject I want to talk about is your non-resident market. I know there's been a lot of focus on public end market, but one of the things we're focusing on is a little bit more expansive definition of infrastructure under the new administration. Could you break out how much of your non-res end market is more heavy versus kind of your traditional or commercial kind of office type non-res projects? And if you have any view just with the change of administration on how your thoughts on traditional infrastructure versus that more expansive definition? Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. I'll take the first part of that. First is that, I think we've seen really healthy growth in the non-res sector in office, lodging, warehouses, distribution. And what's lagged some is manufacturing, institutional, and government. They actually declined somewhat over the year, but I think we are seeing some return in those. The fundamentals ultimately for non-res are in a good shape. You got population growth, you got employment growth. You know the external indicators are showing strength today and you've also got really healthy residential growth, which will pull non-res behind it. I think if you look – step back and look at our footprint of where we seeing substantial strength in non-res would be the Southeast, the Mid-Atlantic, Southern California, Arizona, Texas, excluding Houston and we think that's, well, actually may show some small growth in the year. But overall, I think we see healthy growth in the non-res segment.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, just building on that and talking a little bit about – I'm not going to call it new administration and discussions. But we probably know one thing that you're very well aware of, which is we're already exceptionally well-positioned against a number of the increases and infrastructure funding that are already happening, particularly at a state and local level. And you know that well, but (52:55) of those increases that are already happening and we're very well positioned against those, whether that's improved maintenance or new road construction or port construction or water improvement or you name it, all those things we're well positioned against. In terms of the broader definition of infrastructure and things like longer-term federal programs, one of the great things about aggregates focused business is we serve all those things. So we're absolutely fine and well positioned against a broader definition of infrastructure whether that's airports, intermodal facilities, typical transportation on and on and on and on, we're well positioned to serve substantially all of that increase in demand.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'd tell you that – I'd add to that, Kathryn, if that happens, as John said, we're in a great position for that and all of those projects will need our products. And I'd add to that, that – Vulcan Materials will be essential to building those critical infrastructure projects. I mean, that's what we do. And they don't really happen without us very well.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you. And final just handholding question of the $40 million EBITDA shortfall, how much of that is transitory versus any ongoing type issue? Thanks very much for answering my questions.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Kathryn, if you're referring to the quarter and what might be seen as a shortfall in gross profit margin percentage to that $40 million?
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Correct.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: If I would say that, substantially all of that is transitory or timing and that the right number to look at would be a $0.22 increase in unit cost of sales for the year and not the $0.89.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. A quick question. With all the – the $5 billion number you mentioned, Tom, it seemed like there was a lot of discussion around bolt-on sorts of acquisitions. Does that mean you're obviously fine with the footprint that's fantastic and you want to fill that in or are there larger acquisitions out there that you – that I didn't pick up on?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: We'd tell you both and those are – those, you just had to be optimistic at. When they come around, you will be on top of them. They will, I think over time you will see us do both, the ones that I think that are out there immediately. Right now we're bolt-on, but you'll see the new footprints and larger acquisitions over time. So, this is something we're excited about and we work hard on this all the time. The results although are going to be choppy and that's just a timing issue. I think, as we always talk about, the important piece here is the discipline, where do we have synergies, what's unique to us, what do we pay for them. And then once we get them, you got to go work hard and really fast to integrate them and make them make money.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And kind of turning back to the election, whether it's the lockbox in Illinois or the proposition there in California that you guys kind of mention. When do you think those can start having a meaningful impact on – well, strictly through the public piece, when can that start to flow through, those additional monies on the public side in the California market? And then, broader thoughts around the lockbox and the ability to help approve kind of the Illinois market?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think for the flow through, it's really – rule of thumb is always 18 months to 24 months now. You will see in some markets faster than that for repairs or overlays, and that just flows through past us. But by the time you collect the money, figure out which jobs you're going to do, engineer those jobs, let those jobs and they get started, it just takes that much time. And a perfect example of that is what we're going to see in the next few months in 2017 is that's how long it's taken for the FAST Act money and – states like Georgia, increases in Florida to flow through to shipments. But once they start, they start accelerating pretty fast. And so, the next two or three years or three or four years will be exciting to see the funds that we talked about two years ago flow through, these will just take a little time.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect, guys. Thank you and good luck.
Operator: Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thank you. I just had a question on the acquisitions, the bolt-ons you made in the fourth quarter here, early in the first quarter. How much of that is embedded in your 2017 volume guidance? And as a follow-up to that, is there any meaningful EBITDA contribution that we should be thinking about as well?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: I'll start, Garik. The acquisitions we announced, the total consideration for those is around $137 million. When it gets ramped up, those businesses in combination should do about $21 million in EBITDA on a kind of annual run rate basis. And obviously growing from there and there's some synergy upside beyond that. But I would assume, for your modeling, that all of that is in our guidance, particularly the EBITDA, just because we're in the process of closing some of these, bringing them on, ramping them up. And so, as we've thought about it, that is in the guidance. Likely gives us some volume upside later in the year, as we get these fully integrated into our platform, and we'll kind of communicate that as the year goes on. But, as Tom said, these are really good extensions of our existing franchise. And we hope to have more of these to talk about as the year goes on.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I think as we talked about earlier, this is a part of the discipline with acquisitions, and this is where the real work starts, that you got to integrate them fast and accurately and bring them up to speed as fast as we can. And we'll be working hard on that in 2017 to put them in the Vulcan family and get them performing with quality earnings as fast as we can.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So just to be clear, the 5% to 8% volume growth, we should assume that it does incorporate the acquisitions that you just made?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Just my second question is just on highway demand. You talked quite a bit about that today, but just wanted to drill in a little bit more, because it was a source of frustration in 2016, particularly from a timing standpoint. And now, we're on the federal side in continuing resolutions, some of the leading indicators on highway contract awards have been soft over the last several months. So just wanted to stress test the mid single-digit volume guidance that you have for highway demand in 2017. And any other color or any other leading indicators or any geographical indicators that you can provide us that gives you confidence in that figure versus the risk in 2017 that we could be facing a similar set of disappointing timing issues like we saw in 2016?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, if you think you were frustrated with timing and some of those in 2016, you could imagine how John and I were. But I think – we stress test that pretty hard. We've looked at this and really said, okay, do we know when it's going to start? And these are projects that – actually some of them have already started a little bit. I mean, we saw a few of these projects (1:00:58) – a few thousand tons in the fourth quarter of 2016. But I'm looking at four jobs in Atlanta right now that would have a total of about 3 million tons that we have – three out of the four have actually just started, just a little bit. And as soon as the construction season starts, those will start. I can think of three in Texas that would total over time probably over a couple – probably a couple of million tons or over 2 million tons, and those – actually those are being – just let or being let, and we know that they'll start in the second and third quarter. So I think we have a lot more visibility and confidence that these jobs are ready to go. We've already shipped a little bit on them, and we're – as I said earlier, we're really – the timing here is not what year is it going to ship in, it's when does construction season start?
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thanks. Just the last question, I might have missed it, but didn't hear much discussion on share buybacks. As it relates to the $5 billion of available capital over the next several years, shares here down a little bit today – relative underperformers, I guess since the election compared to some of the peers. How are you balancing the view of the share price with your free cash flow versus the M&A opportunities that you talked about today?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Garik, it's John. I think no change, so – as we discussed, we work through all of our capital allocation priorities. We'll be opportunistic in how we think about share repurchases. No commitment to buy any certain amount at a certain period of time. We'll report on it after the fact. But that said, as this recovery cycle moves forward, we should have the opportunity to balance both reinvestment in the core franchise, investment in growth, both M&A and internal investment for growth, and return on capital to shareholders via mix of dividend and share repurchase. For us, it's about balancing those things given our outlook for things like M&A activity. We did not buy any shares back in the fourth quarter. You kind of saw some M&A activity that we reported on, but no real change. So I would expect through the cycle, you're going to see that investment capacity deployed to good use, and that'll be some mix of growth oriented and returning to shareholders.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rohit Seth with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. My question is on the BOLD Act. And I know there's been some developments within the industry to create a successor bill to the FAST Act and there could be some overlap in the timing of when that would kick in, if it does develop as intended. Are you guys seeing any developments there? Is that something you guys are working with the trade group on? And if you have any color on that and what that impact would be on the business, that'd be great.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. The folks who worked on the BOLD Act did an outstanding job with that. It is a great idea. I think as you know right know, there's a lot of positive discussions in D.C. about infrastructure with a lot of people working really hard on solutions to funding infrastructure, which our company desperately needs and we obviously support. How that happens, we don't know yet. There's just a lot of uncertainty to it. We think it's a matter of when, not if. And when it happens, there's nobody better positioned to serve these projects than we are. It's what we do. It's who we are. It's how we started. But I think that overall, if you step back and look at this also, without any of that flowing through, you've got some very healthy highway projects coming in the next three years with increased funding from the FAST Act and from state funding, which is only increasing.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got you. And then just in the first quarter, can you comment on weather trends that you've seen thus far? Is it in a headwind or a tailwind?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think probably about neutral, with the exception of – probably a little bit of a headwind. I mean, California was very, very wet, as you well know. But with just two more months of this left and we'll just wait and see and we just don't know. Remember that 2016 was really, really good weather. But our markets look good and the work is there. So, whatever happens with the weather, the work is not going away and we'll ship it when the sun comes out.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Keep in mind that in the first quarter shipments typically accelerate through the quarter as we get more into the construction season. So I wouldn't read too much into January anyway.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And can you comment on some of the bidding activity you're seeing out there in the Southeast and in California, Texas?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah. It continues to pick up both in – particularly in residential, non-residential and highway. The Southeast and the Mid-Atlantic states continue to be very, very good. We've seen Virginia pick up a little bit actually which was – it was a little bit flat last year and we're seeing it pick up. So, that is very encouraging for us. We spoke to California and Texas, both of those, particularly – both of those are healthy. Texas is, I guess, what I'd say, remains healthy and both public and private bid activity is very healthy. On the non-res side in California, I think and the res side where we continue to see it pick up and private – the private construction segment is what will drive growth in California this year.
Rohit Seth - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co.: Oh, great. Thanks. You referenced tight construction resources in the U.S. I'm just curious how pervasive that is? And then, thinking about 2017 as a whole, is that something that could push you towards the low end of the volume guidance but maybe the high end of the pricing guidance?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think it depends on the market and when we say it's short, it's really, do they have the crews, do they have the lay down machines, do they have enough ready mix trucks and it's – it's different in every market. But I think that as you see the bidding work pick up, as the pipelines comes through the starts, that capacity will grow along with it. I think that those – that is always a healthy piece of pricing, but it is a piece of it. So it creates a healthy environment for pricing or one of things it does, but it's not the only one.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And rather than commenting just on 2017, it is a factor that's at play when we say a longer recovery could and maybe should be a more profitable recovery. But I don't – the dynamics are such that I wouldn't read too much just into 2017 on that just yet. And also to keep in mind, when we say capacity just to be clear that this really isn't our capacity. This is end-to-end construction sector. Our assets, as we sit here today, from an aggregates point of view have – they've in a single year produced more than 305 million tons of shipments. So this isn't a capacity issue for us. This is a end-to-end construction sector set of factors.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co.: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask quickly on the acquisitions you've done past four or five months. Are those all pure aggregates or are they vertically integrated? And then what's your thought on making vertically integrated acquisitions?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, I think as we – as some of those are aggregates, some are asphalt, some are both. And I think that as always – in our foot print, it's really not so much about vertical integration for the sake of vertical integration, it's about markets and how we view the market and how we better serve the market. So as we go forward – our strategy is always to be, as we say, grounded in aggregates. That's really – that's our bread and butter and that's what we do. But we will be – we will look at acquisitions that are vertically integrated, if they fit that whole strategy and if they fit that market.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Typically, we use the word downstream or more specifically asphalt or concrete – vertically integrated is really how we're actually approaching it.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hey, Timna. Good morning.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, afternoon. So I'll just leave it to one question, we had a lot of discussion. But I mean, on a high level, we're just wondering and kind of surprised by the pricing guidance because if you look at the 7% that you achieved overall on a high level in 2016 and the guidance of 5% to 7%, that implies that there could be a downside to the momentum in pricing. And when you match that against the potential cost pressures that you've highlighted, whether they be from some of the constraints in getting labor (1:10:00) supply in the industry or diesel, that seem to us then a little bit low. So I was just wondering, is this a conservative guide? Are you trying to be – you usually have a pretty good track record in forecasting prices, so we're just wondering if there was another dynamic that we're missing?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I don't think there's any other dynamic. I don't think we have anything built in there for big diesel increases and if we did, we'd be fine with that because over time, they help support pricing and help support margin improvements. I think we feel confident in our pricing guidance. Obviously, we're going to work hard every day to better serve our customers and make our products and our services more valuable. I think at this point, we feel pretty confident in our guidance.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So to clarify then, if you do see higher diesel costs or higher labor costs or other costs, could we see that number increase accordingly?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: First of all, yeah, cost will drive – it will help drive price. It's one of the dynamics that's always there, but from a diesel perspective sometimes it lags a little bit, but it always flows through. From a cost perspective, I think you really got to step back and look at the trend of cost in 2016, which I'd tell you, from a cost perspective over 12 months of – with very little production increases of only $0.22 and 3%, that's a pretty good trend and I like hearing that into 2017 along with the pricing momentum. So I think at this point – things will change through the year, but – and we'll adjust accordingly. But at this point, I think we're pretty confident in our guidance.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Timna, I'd add, since you asked the question this way, about cost and price. We talk about this a lot and I know you know this. We run the business on margin and cash and that's a function of pricing, it's a function of product mix and production efficiency, it's a function of our operating efficiencies and how all those things work together, not just average selling prices. So, I think if you work through the guidance, you're going to see, an implied another year of very healthy unit margin improvement and at a rate faster than pricing at the moment would dictate. So I think, reading any deceleration into margin is certainly not what we see at the moment.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Appreciate it.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Tom Hill for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, thank you all for joining us this morning. As we look forward to the 2017, so I would coin it as, we're set up well for 2017. Our long-term cost trends are very good. Our markets are showing growth. And our pricing shows the confidence of us and our customers and the whole market in that long-term growth. So thanks again for joining us. And we look forward to you sharing news in 2017. Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co. J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co. John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.
Analysts: Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Laura and I will be your conference coordinator today. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. Additionally, today's call is being recorded. And now I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark D. Warren - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. To facilitate our discussion today, we have made available during this webcast and on our website supplemental information for your review and use. Rather than walk through each slide, we will focus on the highlights. We hope this approach will provide more time to respond to your questions. With that said, please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks are described in detail in the company's SEC reports including our earnings release and our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. Additionally, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation. Now I'd like to turn the call over Vulcan's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you, Mark. Thank all of you for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. We'll keep our remarks fairly brief today since we discussed many of the key business trends and our outlook just a few weeks ago during our Aggregates Day event in Atlanta. Looking at the third quarter and our recent performance, four main points stand out. First, we obviously saw shipments declined in the third quarter. However, to my second point, we see it as localized, not cyclical. Third, our profitability continues to grow. And fourth, our prospects for sustained growth remain very exciting. Let me address each in just a little more detail. First, we obviously have seen a drop in year-over-year shipments. This is due in part to a period of relative weakness and new construction starts across much of our footprint. It's also due to weather and other location-specific factors, impacting our business in California, Texas, Virginia and Illinois. Third quarter year-over-year shipments in these four states were down 15% collectively. Now in stark contrast, our other markets experienced combined year-over-year shipment growth of 6%, and in fact, several markets saw strong double-digit growth to the order of 12% to 21%. Second and importantly, we continue to view these volume headwinds as temporary or a transitional lull in a multiyear recovery that is still intact and sound and actually with a long way to run. To this point, the variation in results across our footprint reveals volume challenges that are clearly localized rather than cyclical. Notably, our daily aggregate shipment rate increased from August to September and from September to October with October exceeding the prior year period by about 3%. In addition, according to Dodge reports, trailing 12-month construction starts showed sequential improvements in both August and September, picking up from a noticeable slowdown in March that lingered all the way through July. In short, the fundamental foundational drivers of a multiyear recovery remain firmly in place. To point number three. Our core profit engine remains very powerful. We're on track to deliver $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA this year, and this is despite volumes that are below our original expectations. In our aggregates segment, third quarter freight-adjusted selling prices were 7% ahead of third quarter 2015, and gross profit per ton rose 9%. For the 12 months ended in September, gross profit per ton has increased 25%. The flow through of incremental freight-adjusted revenue into incremental gross profit has exceeded 80%. Also for the 12 months ended September, the total business delivered net earnings of $371 million and $981 million of adjusted EBITDA with an adjusted EBITDA margin of more than 27%. This is an improvement of 430 basis points over the prior year. Fourth and finally, we remain excited about our long range growth prospects. We are well on track to achieve our profitability goals. And near-term, we like the volume, pricing and profitability momentum we see for 2017. We also like the very robust pipeline of projects that we see building for 2018 and 2019. Now John will share a few thoughts regarding our current momentum and outlook in a minute, but first I'll offer a bit more insight into how our business has been performing across our footprint. As we discussed during our Aggregates Day in Atlanta, the recent demand climate has made it a little hard to distinguish the signal from the noise. For example, there has been clear accelerating growth in the longer-term project pipeline. The impact of the federal highway bill, the FAST Act, and higher state level funding are beginning to show up in the mix. At the same time, there has been a softening in the rate at which this water behind the dam has been released in the form of construction starts. There was also a lull in state highway spending during the first half of the year and this was as states work their way through the remainder of a fiscal year that did not include new FAST Act points (07:06). Notably, this has now started to turn in a positive direction. The latest OTMA (07:15) report on highway contract awards shows them increasing by 30% in September. And this is the second consecutive month of growth following weak contract award activity during the first half of the year. Looking closely, this isn't too surprising as many states have entered a new fiscal year with the FAST Act money flowing into their pipelines and a backlog of projects ready to go. During the slowdown period early this year, a number of markets saw adverse weather conditions, shortages in skilled labor and other factors that have constrained the rate at which existing construction projects could be completed. A number of our customers have found it difficult to catch up in the near-term on work deferred due to bad weather earlier in the year. Generally speaking, our operations across the Southeast and mid-Atlantic states continue to post solid gains in volumes despite these challenges. Florida, Georgia and North Carolina enjoyed robust double-digit volume growth to the tune of 12% to 21%, and this was accompanied by strong pricing and unit margin performance. Now Virginia on the other hand is an example of a market where we're seeing good pricing momentum, although volume momentum hasn't picked up yet. Turning to Texas and California. Shipment levels in these states remain challenged in the third quarter. This was below the expectations we had at the beginning of the year. Shipments in Texas were down 21% in the quarter. This was driven in part by Coastal Texas shipments which were down 27%. All of Texas was impacted by bad weather throughout the quarter, most notably in August. Business in North and South Texas fell off accordingly from what would otherwise have been a much stronger performance in those areas. Houston and the Coast, however, in addition to the well-known downturn in the oil and gas industry and extensive flooding also experienced a delay in TxDOT work. So, when we talk about Texas and volume declines, it is, in fact, largely isolated to the coastal area of the state, separating out statewide weather impacts. But despite a transitory period of volume headwinds, there is ongoing pricing momentum in Texas and it simply highlights the underlying confidence and continued growth in the Lone Star State. At the same time, our core profitability, which has also been strong, keeps improving. The bottom line is that, overall, we expect continued recovery in Texas market. In California, shipments were down 17% from last year's quarter. We continue to see a slowdown in large project work in public and private sectors. This is work we are well positioned to serve. Caltrans also continued to grapple with highway funding related to diminished excise taxes. This created a bigger slowdown in project work than anticipated. We have reason to believe that political leaders will ultimately reach agreement on new state funding measures for California roads, which are rated the worst in the U.S. Putting it all together, we expect to see a return in 2017 to a pattern of recovery and growth in California. Our sales force is aligned to take advantage of these growth opportunities. Large projects are getting back on track. The pipeline of major projects continues to get bigger and bigger. Construction starts are back on the upswing and there will ultimately be improvements in state funding for roads along with local highway improvement initiatives. In fact, we're already seeing early signs of improvement. Highway contract awards in California were up 98% in September as these new FAST Act funds are starting to flow into the system. Underlying these facts are fundamental strengths. In our California business as well as Texas, our core profitability continues to improve. And in California, as in Texas, despite the lull in shipments, pricing has remained strong, in the high single-digits, underscoring the basic confidence in the trajectory of California markets. Across our company, our focus on core profit improvements, the little things that make us better every day, is keeping us on track towards our longer-term goals and you see it in our results. Now I'll hand it over to John for some brief additional comments regarding our outlook for 2016 and the momentum we see heading into 2017.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everybody. I'd like to touch quickly on a few points regarding our forward outlook, but let me first note that our views have not changed meaningfully from those that we communicated during our late September event in Atlanta. First, and as Tom noted, we continue to project $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2016. And due to continued gains in unit profitability and overall margins, we think we can reach the low end of our beginning-of-year guidance range despite shipments falling well below our original forecast. Now, to put this outlook into some context, let's take a look at results and trends, particularly with respect to our improved profitability over the trailing 12 months. As you heard Tom say and as you've seen in our release, during that period, we generated net earnings of $371 million and adjusted EBITDA of $981 million. But behind that, it's important to note that our average freight-adjusted selling prices in our aggregates segment have increased 8% over that time. Our average gross profit per ton has increased 25% over that time, and our overall gross profit as a percent of freight-adjusted revenue for the company has risen from 34% to 39%. As we consistently call out, fourth quarter results can be impacted significantly by weather and the effective length of the construction season and our strong results from Q4 of 2015 present tough comparisons. But our improved core profitability should be sufficient to allow us to reach our stated goals for 2016 if recent shipment momentum holds up through the quarter. Now turning to 2017. I'll begin by reiterating that it remains too early for us to give specific or firm guidance. We're primarily focused on finishing the current year strong and we're just at the beginning of our internal planning cycle for next year. But from what we can see today, from the data we see today, we expect continued volume recovery in 2017 along with further improvements in pricing and overall margins. In other words, continued progress on track with the longer range goals we've outlined previously. With respect to volumes, and again, we're not yet in a position to share specific numbers, we currently expect growth in each of our primary end use segments next year, residential, private non-res, highways and other public infrastructure. And we also expect to see broad-based growth across our geographic footprint and growth in substantially all of our key market areas. We've noted that construction start data points have recently turned back up after several months of softening. And highway contract awards in our key states have also turned up recently. And on top of that, longer-term project pipelines continue to strengthen from our already strong levels. But the relative start weakness we've experienced earlier this year combined with strong first quarter 2016 comparisons suggest that 2017's volume growth on a year-over-year basis could be back half loaded. We expect the pricing climate to remain positive and constructive for 2017. The strength of longer-term project pipelines and significant increases in dedicated public transportation funding reinforce confidence in a sustained recovery. And materials producers and others in the construction supply chain remain focused on earning adequate returns on capital. Competition remains intense, but overall and generally speaking, we're battling over value and not just volume. Given these dynamics, we'd expect our free cash flow profile and overall financial condition to strengthen further next year. We should have the financial capacity and the flexibility needed to support reinvestment in our franchise, growth including but not limited to M&A, as well as additional returns of capital to shareholders. Tom, back over to you.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thanks, John. We're pleased with the continued strong earnings growth and margin expansion we saw in the third quarter despite lower shipment levels. The drivers of recovery in shipments remain very much in place. Our core profitability continues to improve and our fundamental outlook for the future of the business remains unchanged. Given that positive outlook, I can assure you that we will invest in our business accordingly. We will keep investing internally. For example, we will plow about $125 million into internal growth projects this year. These projects will help us serve our customers better, increase efficiencies and add to the bottom line. They include five new rail yards, three in Texas, one in Charleston, South Carolina, and another one in Savannah, Georgia along with six greenfield sites that's new quarries, that we're developing in growth markets across the country. At the same time, we will continue to aggressively pursue bolt-on acquisitions in key markets as well as other strategic acquisitions, all of which will further strengthen our leading position in the industry. I want to conclude by thanking our employees for their commitment to improving every day, to working safely, to finishing this year strong and to delivering another year of even stronger results. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We'll take our first question from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. Really just want to focus on certain geographies and I know that you gave some color in your prepared comments, I just want to dig a little bit deeper. First on California, a lot of their budget with Caltrans has been tied to gas prices. Do we see gas prices move up? How has that impacted your conversations with Caltrans regarding the budget? Also, when you look at the volume softness in that state, how much of it was large project delays versus the budget related issues which seem to be(19:52) apparently tied together, or any other relevant factor that we should take into consideration?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Kathryn. I think – let me just kind of comment on California overall. I think we feel optimistic about demand in California. We see sustained strength in residential and kind of smaller private work. And the headwinds that we faced this year shouldn't repeat next year. If you look at the pipeline data, start data and listen to our customers, we feel better about California even though we haven't seen the shipments come back yet. And we feel good about the public funding situation in California. The elements are in place for this to come together for state funding. You got to remember that California still has the worst roads in the country even with a little bit of increase in the gas taxes from (20:43) price. We'll start to see the FAST Act start kicking in and then we saw a August redistribution of federal funds at just under $ 0.25 billion to California. And then you've got, as you know, you've got the local initiatives that are on the ballot for next week that if they all pass would total about $2.5 billion annually. So, for us in California, as we say, it's not if, it's really about pace and probably the pace of large projects. So I think we're feeling pretty good about 2017 and the longer-term outlook is pretty bright for California.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thank you. And then on Illinois, that state has been a little tougher when you think about just kind of the state from – not only from the public side but also from a private sector spending. How should we think about...
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I think...
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: ...Illinois and as we go forward?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that's a real contrast to California where we feel like California's fundamentals are really good and coming back very strong. Illinois is a weak spot for us and it's really about public funding. The private side is actually not too bad in Illinois, but the public side is just going to be tough for us. I would say this much. Even with volumes down, I'm proud of our team in Illinois. They have – their profitability is up and facing some pretty good headwinds.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Kathryn, just to add a little bit of color on those two states, I think it's instructive to contrast Illinois and California a little bit. Illinois, for us, the business is doing quite well as Tom said. There's actually some green shoots in their funding, some toll road funding, some other funding that's not as dependent on the overall public sources. As you probably know, there are some efforts to, if you will, protect transportation funding from other needs in the state. But Illinois is the one place we called out where we just don't see the path to long-term growth that we see in the rest of our footprint. If we contrast that with California which, yes, is going through a little bit of a lull right now, particularly on some large public funding, even the outlook next year for California is quite bright and we see growth in California in 2017 and beyond. And so those are very different situations in our view. One which is doing well and profitable but doesn't right now have the long-term growth visibility. California is quite different. Yes, as you know quite well, Caltrans is challenged with some of their funding this year. Yes, that impacts us disproportionately because of our large asphalt presence and the customers we really lined up to serve well. But we don't expect to see anything like the same headwinds next year that we've seen this year in California. And I'd also just remind you, just to give you a sense of that visibility and how it plays out in the marketplace, our pricing in California is up nearly double-digits. So very different situation between those two states.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Thanks. That was a good segue for my next question just for the consolidated aggregate pricing in the quarter. How much was product mix and/or geographic mix impacting total average price of the quarter?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: There was an impact from geographic mix, probably just under 1%, negative impact.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Kathryn, a lot of that is – think of how much our business in a place like Coastal Texas was down and that's one of our higher priced markets, and that – even that by itself had a significant impact on total pricing for the business.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. And then finally, just more broadly speaking, would love to get your thoughts or color on are you starting to see FAST Act dollars flow through these states and how much was that a contributor to strength in the markets that did have solid growth?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think that you're starting to see FAST Act dollars flow through in lettings. I don't think they've flown through to shipments yet. And I think you'll start to see that in the first, second quarter, probably second quarter of 2017. But so we're backlogging jobs right now that are in the letting. The lettings are picking up because of FAST Act spending, but I don't think we've seen much of that get into shipments yet.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, not into shipments. But we saw – we began to see a real uptick as several state DOTs turned into their new fiscal year. And we are seeing some of that FAST Act money, as Tom noted, begin to be more aggressively allocated, including a reallocation of funds to California that happened just recently. So the money is getting put to use, but we really haven't seen it impact our actual aggregate shipments very much yet at all.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Great.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Provides visibility for pricing, so it's probably a positive on pricing but not a big impact yet on shipments.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll turn to Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Morning, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: I guess quick question on one of the comments you had in the prepared remarks about October. I think you mentioned that it was trending up kind of around 3%. First, was that pretty broad-based across your enterprise? Or was it more geographically isolated to certain markets driving that improvement?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: It was pretty broad-based. We're still facing some challenges as we said in California, but other than that and a little bit of weather on the East Coast, it was broad-based. And I think that what you're seeing there is some of the projects starting to come through, both res and non-res, and that'll pick up as we move into 2017.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Trey, just for a little more color for you all – and as Tom says, obviously very broad-based. But just to clarify a little bit further, it has bounced back in Texas. It has not, as Tom said, bounced back yet in California. Although as we just discussed, we see a lot of positive signs for next year in California. If you took California out or if California were flat, that 3% up number would be up 5% to 6%. I'm just trying to give you a feel for how broad-based in relative strength ex-California.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: So California's still a little bit soft in October for us. Again, we see a lot of positive signs, but it's taking a while to flow through. Texas is already rebounding, and you'll get a feel for what the rest of it adds up to. So – now to be clear, when we say that's daily shipment rate – again, to give you all a feel, we're shipping a little more than 800,000 tons per shipping day.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And I just want to be clear now so that doesn't get misinterpreted, that's per shipping day. So we had 21 shipping days in October. It's not per calendar day, if you will.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: I got you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: But that'll give you a feel for how much a week longer or week shorter construction season can also have in the fourth quarter for us.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Sure. Okay. That's super helpful. And then I guess with that being said, I don't know if with October behind us now, at the Analyst Day, you said you guys are going to have trouble hitting the 190 million tons of the original guidance that you had. So, with October behind us now, with the third quarter and October behind us I guess, can you help us tighten up that volume range for the year at all as far as kind of how we should be thinking about it if we get, I guess, normal weather in November and December? Anything more granular we can get there?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think as always, as you know, the fourth quarter is about weather and timing and the number of workdays we'll have will be important. Will our customers have enough wherewithal to get the work done in those days? I think that the demand is there. We're seeing the projects coming. Our customers have – really want to get the work done because they see what's coming in 2017. So the work is there. The desire is there. It's just it's always about timing, and can you get it all done in the number of days you've got left in the year. John?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And, Trey, just to give you a number, given some of those capacity constraints with our customers just getting the work done, we're probably looking at, we'd guess, 182 million tons to 184 million tons, in terms of millions of tons for the year.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Perfect.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And again, keep in mind, there's a lot of variability around that. Again, we're shipping 800,000 tons a day right now. So – but to answer your question, that's probably what we're looking toward. And at those levels, we think we're still in line with the overall EBITDA guidance we've given.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. And my last one is more I guess kind of looking into next year. Directionally, you've talked about volume and price just very broadly and directionally, which I get why you don't want to go into any more detail with that yet. But can you give us, as far as like gross profit per ton and how we should be kind of thinking about that, even if it's just directionally as we look into next year, given the fact that we're expecting volume growth, we're expecting pricing growth, but any geographic mix that could impact and without the tailwind maybe as much on diesel, just how to think about your broad thoughts on gross profit per ton next year.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I'll start with price. We continue to see a really healthy environment for price, and that's driven not just by demand but really about the visibility that our customers and the market sees with the pipeline that's coming. The majority of our markets have already announced price increases for our fixed plant work. Those will be effective anywhere from January 1 to April 1, and if you just kind of look at the price without putting the markets beside, as we've announced price increases, and I'm just looking at a list of $1, $1.50, $0.75, $1, $0.50, $1.75, $1.25, $1, $1, so healthy price increases. Timing will vary with that. I would tell you, at this point, when we look at it, it's pretty generally accepted in the markets and the markets are healthy with that and all of that's driven by that visibility and confidence in that pipeline that's growing. So that'll give you some kind of idea of what we're seeing on pricing out there. When it comes to cost, I think our folks are doing a really good job managing costs and the operating efficiencies that drive those costs, at the same time, keeping our people safe and volume will only help that.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much for the color. Good luck, guys.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Trey, just to – for everybody, we don't – there's nothing that we see on the cost side that would throw us kind of off track on recent trend on improving profitability, whether that's flow throughs well above 60%, whether that's our ability to get operating leverage in the system and leverage each step in the P&L, and certainly as we finish off our planning cycle internally, which again, we're just beginning, as you know, we focus quite a bit internally on our profit per ton one market at a time. So I guess we'd be quite surprised if our profit per ton didn't continue to grow a good bit faster than pricing alone would indicate.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Good deal. It's encouraging. Thanks a lot.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Next up is Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My question, you mentioned Illinois, I know you have a Safe Roads Amendment coming out. Assuming it passes, is – when would one – I guess when would you start to see money flow through from a project perspective? And then, two, I mean is that only thing or what else do you need to see in the crystal ball to help that piece of the market recover? Because generally speaking, it looks like the other markets in the portfolio are going to do pretty well next year.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I think what that really does is not new funding or additional funding, it's protecting the funding that's there which is important. Because in Illinois, those funds have been rated in the past, and so it just protects it or safeguards it which is important and a good thing. Illinois, for the public side, they just got to fix some of their funding issues. As John and I said earlier, we don't see that happening for 2017. It's going to take a while. But the private side is still going pretty good in Illinois.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And, Stanley, we don't want to give the impression that Illinois is like in some kind of freefall. It's stabilized at lower level. We just don't see the same kind of longer-term growth fundamentals yet in place that we see in – really I'm trying to give other exceptions. But across the vast majority of the rest of our footprint, you hear us – if I contrast it with California again, you hear us talk about things, and you know how this works, population growth, employment growth, state of public revenues, so forth and so on. In a place like California, that story is still very positive. In a place like Illinois, it's less clear. So I don't want to give the impression that it's in some kind of freefall. The business is doing quite well as Tom said. Our team there is doing quite well, but we don't have the same view to one, two, three, four, five-year growth that we have elsewhere.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. No, that's fair. I was just trying to see if there was any sort of inflection point coming up to where it could kind of get a little bit more back on track, but very helpful. And secondly...
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We're hoping the negative inflection point is behind us.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Well, you know what at some point, I think you're exactly right. But could you help us with – you mentioned the cost side being favorable. Can you talk a little bit about the enhanced sales initiatives that you mentioned in the press release?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Sure. And again, that's just an area of an investment in the business. As we see long-term growth in the businesses, as we're very focused on providing better service to our customers, to be more valuable to our customers and to get full value for our product, we are continuing to invest in some of our sales support systems, customer support systems, people. Really nothing out of the ordinary, Stanley. Those can be just very important investments to support growth and important to customers' needs. And they tie back to a strategy that's very focused on earning full and fair value for our product. And as such, we need to be providing full service to our customers. So, for a lot of our customers a lot of the time, we are more than just a material supplier, and we want to make sure that as the markets recover, as things get busier, as they face their own constraints, that we're in a position to help them be successful. That's how we're successful.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, to add to that, I think we're seeing what's coming in the next four, five years with growth in all market segments. In order to do that, we need to invest in the sales group so we can add value for our customers and be ahead of that growth curve.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sounds good. And last question for me. On a lot of these internal initiatives, how should we think about whether it's in terms of payback or kind of hurdle rates, anything that you would care to share about all the growth investments that you have going on internally? Thanks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I think this is normal part of our growth. We just don't grow through acquisitions, and this is about protecting and adding value to the franchises that we have. So greenfields are normal projects for us, whether that is distribution of rail or bluewater or new quarries. They take a long time to develop, and you've got to get out ahead of the growth curve. But these are normal projects for us and well above the cost of capital.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: They're actually generally quite attractive, Stanley. As you can imagine, and you know enough about our unit economics, about our margins. We're really doing these kinds of things in markets that we're already in, particularly in a risk-adjusted basis. These are good investments, and we're quite happy to have the financial flexibility to invest in that growth.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Agreed. Best of luck, guys. Thanks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Now we'll move to Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Hey, Timna.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Not to hammer home, but on the Q4 commentary, I was a little bit confused because you talk about if the shipment momentum continues then you're on track to meet guidance. But I thought that October was the usually strongest quarter. So do you mean that adjusted for that seasonality if shipment continues? Or what did you mean by that, and if you could just clarify?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think what we're saying there is we're seeing those jobs pick up that we've been talking about and starting to come through. We feel good about the fourth quarter as always. You've got a limited number of days to work through particularly as you get towards the winter months. And so, if not, I don't think it's – we're seeing the work there, and we're seeing the projects as a matter of constraints for our customers to get it done or number of working days.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. That makes sense.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Timna, unless something odd happened and shortened the construction season by a lot, we'd expect to be, just be clear, on track with our $1 billion of expected adjusted EBITDA for the year.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: We're not trying to send any weird signal on that just to be clear. It's the same message as we delivered in Atlanta.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Helpful. In the past, you've talked a little bit about your utilization and talked about raising that utilization and what the incremental costs might be and characterized them. Is that something you can update us on?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, if I understand the question correctly, Timna, this is John, and Tom will chime in of course, but from a plant utilization point of view, if that's your question, we are still – the vast majority of our facility is well below what we would kind of call sweet spots of operation. So we have a lot of operating leverage in front of us. Probably like others in our business, as we've started the recovery and started to ramp back up production, we've had to work through some periods of higher – particularly maintenance cost, showed up first in mobile equipment. Now shows up a little bit for us this quarter in our business and takes plant or processing equipment. This is you running things harder and getting them ready for future growth. But to a question that was asked earlier, we should be very well set up to continue to deliver really good operating leverage in what's still largely a fixed cost business for quite a while to come. There will be moments in time where our local operators are wrestling with, and this is obviously a good problem to have, how to add a shift or add a crew and do that most efficiently, most safely, most economically. But if you step back from it and you think about our improved margin structures, you'd think about our incremental flow throughs, the conditions are in place for those numbers to still be quite attractive for quite some time.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, we've got plants that are still running part-time. Even with the volumes that we've seen come back, we're nowhere near optimal operating leverage or efficiencies in these plants. So our operating people are really happy about the volume improvements with the exception of maybe Texas where we're running some plants. We've got lots of run room ahead of us, and I think it will be fun to watch this over the next two or three years.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And while we had a couple of headwinds this quarter, our teams have kept operating costs over the trailing 12 months effectively flat which is a really good accomplishment given the ups and downs in the production side.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So are we talking 60%, 65% still, utilization?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yes.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I mean, probably – every market's different. Demand, different plants when you run them, but yeah, that's where you're talking about.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then final one for me, John. I know I like to harp on this, but you got that high quality problem of a low dividend yield. Is it fair to assume that the next review by the board would be in February and not before then? And are we just going to continue to grow with the company? Or are we going to start to express some of the greater earnings power that you like to talk about?
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Well, obviously the board – let me first say it's a board decision, so I don't want to preview their decision. Obviously reviewed every board meeting. If our past pattern holds true, we'd be announcing something in February.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Again, that's if past pattern holds true. I don't want to prejudge the board's decision. But nothing to our knowledge has changed from our past communications which is, we would expect the dividend to grow roughly in line with earnings throughout the recovery period. And of course, we're very focused long-term on having a sustainable dividend. But really nothing changed, Timna, and February is probably the most likely date.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Again, I don't want to prejudge the board, but that's probably the most likely date.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll move to Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thank you. Just have a follow-up question on pricing, how we should think about that moving into 2017, provided some color around mix and some of the percent in dollar increase announcements that you have already scheduled for 2017. But if we're to think about the volume growth as potentially back half weighted to next year given the tough comps in the first quarter, given just the timing around state budgets and how funding is going to flow through on the infrastructure side, should we think about the pricing growth opportunity in 2017 as back half weighted as well?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think, as always, what I was giving you in the price increases was fixed plant pricing which will – timing will all be different, but those will kick in. But you've got to remember, a lot of pricing for our work is bid work where we're quoting one job at a time, and that'll be a campaign. So you'll see gradual price increases in those markets as you are able to raise prices throughout the year. So I don't see anything different in the cadence of pricing as we got coming up versus prior years. The one thing I would tell you is that the environment for pricing and the acceptance of it is very good.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just one last question on asphalt, good performance in the quarter despite some challenging volume conditions in California. But if we're thinking about asphalt and the oil prices and potential inflation on the cost side into 2017, how should we start to think about asphalt margins in that backdrop?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think it's one of those where when – as you see inflation in liquids, you will also see price increases, and I think our folks do a really good job of managing – creating value for our customers with cost improvements and managing costs along with margin management and material margin management. So my view of that is if you see increases in liquid, could it have a very short-term impact? Yes, as you work off oil work. But overall, the pricing will follow it.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And Garik, we don't, from a financial management point of view, we don't have a lot of long-term exposure or anything like that on the liquids side. So it's more a short-term fluctuation in material margins. As you would well know, Garik, material margins in asphalt are just inherently a little more volatile than they would be, for example, in the aggregate side of the business. But they're also generally pretty attractive through a cycle and you get good returns on the capital through the cycle. So we like that part of our business. Now it's tied in to our aggregates franchise, but we very much like that part of our business.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: I think the other thing I'd add to that is you're going to see pretty good demand increases in Asphalt, particularly as the public funding starts to flow through. You'll see a lot more highway jobs which will improve the demand, which will – and our customers in the market see that visibility. They know what's coming. So I think we're pretty optimistic on the profitability with asphalt, despite what happens with liquid, even if that hits us a little bit short-term. Longer-term, I'm pretty pleased with where the asphalt's going.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks so much and good luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll next move to Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys. This is actually Marshall (46:32) on for Bob this morning.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good morning, Marshall (46:34).
Unknown Speaker: How're you all doing?
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Good.
Unknown Speaker: You already touched on the dividend. But it looks like you also pretty aggressively bought back some stock in the quarter, and I don't think that any of you all have really sold anything meaningfully. Maybe if you could just tie that to where you see the stock now and the outlook for the business through 2017 and beyond.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: Marshall (46:56), this is John. I'll start. Yeah, I don't know if I would use words like aggressive or not, but we bought back 790,000 shares in the quarter. We've bought back a little over 1.4 million shares for the year. As we've said and this is just consistent with the capital allocation priorities we discussed many times, we'll continue to look to return excess cash after a variety of other priorities to shareholders in the form of opportunistic share repurchases. We reserve the right to turn that on, turn that off. We'll report to you kind of after the fact. We're always judging that use of capital relative to M&A and growth investments. And as Tom mentioned, we think we will have some interesting M&A opportunities over time, although they're difficult to predict and we're still active in that marketplace. And we do think of it as both an investment and as a return of capital. So, look, would we be doing it at those levels if we didn't think it was a good investment? No, if that's your question. We think it's a good use of capital. And again, we'll continue to report out on future actions after they occur.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Yeah, I think we still see a good outlook both for, as we talked about, the internal investments and growing our business with new quarries and new distribution. But also, the market out there for acquisitions is good. We're working on a number of those. We hope to have some of those to talk about soon, so the growth opportunities in the business are very good.
John R. McPherson - Vulcan Materials Co.: And, Marshall (48:40), just to – maybe to answer your question a little more directly. Our fundamental outlook on the business has not changed. In fact, we have a lot of confidence in the profit engine and where that's taken. And a lot of the fundamentals regarding long-term demand recovery, if anything, are more in place now than they were when we had our Investor Day roughly a year-and-a-half, not quite two years ago. So, if you believe those conditions, then in our view, putting some additional capital back into our stock is a good investment. So it's not exclusive of other things we'll do with capital, but we think it's a good use of capital.
Operator: Anything further, sir?
Unknown Speaker: That's it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back to Mr. Hill for any additional and closing remarks.
J. Thomas Hill - Vulcan Materials Co.: Thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan Materials and your time this morning. We look forward to talking to you over the next few months. Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. Thank you everyone for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Warren - Director IR Tom Hill - Chairman, President & CEO John McPherson - EVP, Chief Financial and Strategic Officer
Analysts: Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Trey Grooms - Stephens Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stanley Elliott - Stifel Nick Chen - Alembic Global Advisors Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Jim Margard - Rainier Investment Management
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Sherlon, and I will be the conference call coordinator today. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And now, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren please begin.
Mark Warren: Good morning everyone and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO, and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. To facilitate our discussion today, we have made available during this Webcast and on our Web site supplemental information for your review and use. Rather than walk through each slide, Tom and John will summarize the highlights. We believe this approach will assist your analysis and will allow more time to respond to your questions. With that said please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties including general economic and business conditions, the timing and amount of Federal, State and Local funding for infrastructure, the highly competitive nature of the construction materials industry, and other risks and uncertainties. These risks are described in detail in the company's SEC reports including our Earnings Release and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You'll find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of this presentation. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Vulcan's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom?
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark. And thank all of you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. Our business continues to perform very well, even with a slower rate of shipment growth in the second quarter, our margins continued to improve considerably. We remain on track, consistent with our guidance to deliver full year adjusted EBITDA of between $1 billion and $1.1 billion. The fundamentals of the business continued to strengthen. I'll mention three areas in particular. One, the factors underpinning the continued gradual recovery and demand remains intact, notably, with higher levels of public funding, supporting further growth in 2017 and beyond. Two, our internal execution remains very solid. We're meeting our customers rising needs and we're balancing volumes, pricing and product mix. Our teams are continuing to do an outstanding job converting incremental revenue into profits. And three, the core profitability of the business continues to improve, trading 12-month gross profit per ton in our aggregate segment increased by 31% to $4.77 per ton and adjusted EBIT on a trailing 12-month basis increased 62% to $682 million. So, the foundation for multi-year growth continues to strengthen in demand outlook, in execution and in our core profitability. Now, regarding second quarter shipments. I want to reiterate a point made in last quarters earnings call. A single quarter's result doesn't always give a good picture of the underlying volume trends in the business. Now obviously, the 3% growth rate for aggregates shipments in the quarter contrast sharply with the first quarter rate of 17%. Prolonged bad weather in certain markets, large project timing, sales mix and other factors can cause our business results to vary substantially week-to-week and month-to-month. Certainly, we've seen that variability over the last two quarters but the underlying drivers and the basic trends remain unchanged. For example, if we pull back to look at just the first half of the year as opposed to looking at two quarters individually, we see that our core aggregates business has posted shipment growth of 9% over the first half of 2016 and pricing growth of 8%. Those results are in line with recent trends and with our plans for the year. I'll comment in more detail on individual geographies during Q&A. But taken as a whole, the bottom line is that we still see our core demand drivers and longer term project pipelines strengthening across our footprint. In fact, we anticipate sustained growth in all end use segments, even though we've yet to see much benefit in terms of shipments from rising public funding. We'll see continued recovery in private construction. Public funding will start to pick up in an important way by 2017 and beyond, as states commit to large long-term projects on the strength of the FAST Act and we see a healthy number of large projects that we will serve in the queue for 2017 and 2018. Now moving back to the second quarter. Just as a number of factors combined to boost the rate of shipment growth in the first quarter, several factors combined to affect shipments in the second quarter. We saw extremely wet weather in several key markets. At the same time, certain markets experienced a lull in large project starts both public and private. This was despite a healthy pipeline of projects and in retrospect, it's likely that some work was pulled forward into the first quarter. As you know, we typically see a fairly high degree of variance in shipment patterns across our individual markets, particularly month-to-month, but I think it's fair to say that the second quarter brought with it a higher than normal degree of variance. The second quarter could be seen as a story of the haves and the have-nots. Virginia, Texas, California, Illinois combined saw aggregate shipments decline by 10% versus the prior year, while the remainder of our states combined grew shipments by 14%. We continue to see strong shipment growth across most of the Southeast where the recovery has really begun to take hold over recent quarters and certain of these states for example, Georgia have put in place higher levels of public funding that will support higher materials demand in 2017 and beyond, even though we haven't seen much of that impact yet. For California, Texas, Virginia and Illinois, we've seen a mix of weather and large project timing impacting year-over-year shipment rates. All of those specifics vary by State and market. I'd note that California, Texas and Virginia each have healthy longer term growth prospects and what we're experiencing now is more transitional or timing related issues. In contrast, we don't currently see a similar path to longer term demand growth in Illinois. Due to that states well known fiscal challenges, although our team there has done a nice job of growing its profits and cash flows. I mentioned the significant fluctuations in shipment rates month-to-month throughout the quarter. As you saw in our press release during May, this resulted in daily shipments declining by about 5% from the prior year. On the other hand daily shipments rates in April and June were up approximately 8% and 6% respectively. These kind of fluctuations are not uncommon. All the more reason to avoid extrapolating from short-term volume trends in a business such as ours. Even though these swings in shipments activity at the local level can create some operational challenges, our teams have done a superb job adapting to changing market conditions and consistently meeting our customers' needs. So ultimately I don't find the recent spikes and lulls in demand to be a great concern. It's just the nature of the business. Regarding our local teams ability to adapt to changing market conditions, I'm pleased with the way our people are delivering continued profitability gains despite modest overall shipment growth and shifting delivery in production schedules. Regarding pricing; our average price freight adjusted selling prices for aggregates in the quarter were up 7% over the prior year, despite some headwinds from geographic and product mix. Meanwhile, our unit costs of sales were flat and unit cash gross profit per ton increased $0.86 or 15% from last year's quarter. Our incremental flow through rate exceeded 80% for the quarter and 75% on a trailing 12-month basis. We also enjoyed healthy margin expansion in our asphalt and our concrete segments, despite low rates of volume growth. On a total company basis and excluding the impact of freight and delivery revenues, gross profit as a percent of revenue increased 500 basis points over last year's second quarter. Those are strong results and they aren't one offs. They represent a next step on a long-term path of continuous compounding improvement. We provided additional information regarding our longer term profit improvements and our release and the supplemental slides. So I won't repeat that here. Other than to highlight that on a trailing 12-month basis, our gross profit per ton and our core aggregates segment has increased by 87% or $2.22 per ton since the recovery began in 2013. Now, before handing it off to John, I'd like to share a few thoughts regarding our expected results for the balance of the year. As I've already noted we are reaffirming our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. We finished the first quarter trending towards the higher end of that range although we gave some of that back during the second quarter. We continue to expect full year aggregate shipments to exceed 190 million tons, but our ultimate results will depend in large part on three things, just as was the case in the second half of 2015. One, on the ability of our customers to catch up on weather delayed work. Two, on the start and completion timing of larger projects, and three, on the number of shipping days allowed by weather conditions particularly in the fourth quarter. The demand fundamentals are there and strengthening. The pricing and unit profitability is there. It's on track and it's growing, so then it's really a matter of timing, how we finish will largely depend on how much of the work that is clearly there can be completed by the end of the year before we move into 2017 where demand will only grow. Let me sum it up. We saw a strong first half with 9% shipment growth and 8% pricing growth in our core aggregate segmented. Longer term demand fundamentals are in place, pointing towards a strong scenario developing for 2017. In the near-term, we've seen rapid growth across the Southeast but a lull in large project activity in parts of California, Texas and Illinois. We are benefiting from excellent continued improvements to our core profitability, even during a quarter with slower volume growth. The pricing climate remains positive and as was the case last year, we need to make up for some weather delayed volumes in the second half. I'll come back in a moment with some final remarks, but for now let me hand it off to John for a few brief comments regarding our overall cost controls, our balance sheet strength and our capital allocation priorities. John?
John McPherson: Thanks, Tom. I'd like to start with one more complement to our local teams and their operational performance and cost control discipline throughout the early stage of the cycle. Although we have had and will likely continue to have ups and downs from quarter-to-quarter, the overall cost trend has been impressive. For example, in our core aggregates segment, our unit cost of sales per ton as measured on a trailing 12-month basis, has declined consistently with each reporting period since the recovery began in the second half of 2013. So over a three year period, when our average selling price for a ton of aggregates increased by about $1.64, again measured on a trailing 12-month basis, our average unit cost of sales declined by about $0.57. Lower diesel prices have aided these results, but strong daily operating disciplines, effective coordination among local production and sales teams and a commitment to continuous improvement have also played a central role. We often talk about how seemingly small improvements compound and add up to a sizeable impact on our business and in this case, our ongoing local operating disciplines have contributed meaningfully to the strong conversion of incremental revenue and to incremental profit that we've reported throughout the recovery so far. Unfortunately, we cannot make entirely similar observations regarding our SAG costs, despite the fact that we've held administrative headcount basically flat since the recovery began. As you've seen, second quarter SAG was $13.5 million higher than the prior year. A bit more than half of this increase results from the amount and timing of accruals for performance based incentives and deferred compensation plans. Approximately another quarter of the rise in second quarter SAG resulted from higher salaries and relocation expenses, primarily related to investments in our sales and business development talent and the strategic rotation of sales leadership across geographies. We will continue to make strategic investments in our sales talent and capabilities. Those costs and higher incentive accruals will cause run rate SAG costs to be elevated in the near-term, with our full year projection now at $310 million. Although we are not fully satisfied with our recent results and trend, we will continue to leverage SAG to sales throughout the recovery and beyond. The investments we're making are sound and ultimately support a higher volume growth at higher margins. I'll touch now briefly on our balance sheet strength as the facts have continued to improve but the fundamental story remains unchanged. Our stated goal as you know is to maintain an investment grade credit position throughout the cycle. We have achieved such a position. And of course, our cash flow profile continues to improve. In short, we have the financial strength and flexibility needed to pursue a balanced mix of capital reinvestment, growth investments including M&A, and return of capital to shareholders. Finally, I'll note that our weighted average cost of capital has declined significantly since the recovery began, in part due to our improving financial performance and credit position and in part due to our focus on aggregates and the divestiture of our cement and concrete assets from our portfolio. Turning now to capital allocation. Our summary message is that our recent and planned activities remain consistent with the priorities you've heard us articulate several times. We do remain active in terms of business development and the pursuit of acquisition opportunities that fit us strategically. And I think it is fair to say that we are aggressive but disciplined. We're looking at a number of opportunities at various stages of development, and again, we have the financial capacity to grow without overly straining our credit position. And we have continued to return additional capital to shareholders via share repurchases. As you know, we have not committed to a specific repurchase target. Instead we will remain opportunistic and seek to balance a return of capital and reinvestment over time. And now I'll turn the call back over to Tom. 
Tom Hill: Thanks, John. Before taking your questions, I'd like to say a few words about my confidence in our company. I've been with this company for over 26 years and I believe our business is stronger and more resilient than it's ever been. We're in the midst of a sustained multi-year recovery. We're enjoying an ongoing recovery in private construction and on top of that, we are just beginning to see a new wave of increased public spending. We'll highlight these demand trends for 2017 and beyond during our aggregates date event on September 29. We have an amazing aggregates focused asset base that positions us extremely well to serve the demand growth that is coming. Our core profitability and cash flows are very strong and just keep improving. Our balance sheet is strong. Our financial condition gives us a lot of flexibility to do smart M&A, to reinvest in our operations and to return capital to our shareholders. And our culture at this company is great. Our people are helping each other get better every day and they are upbeat and they are on their game. Our position is frankly an enviable one, especially when viewed against the back drop of uncertain times and I really like our position looking out over the next several years. At some point, our country must address the major infrastructure challenges that we still face as a nation. Look, it's good to have a five-year federal highway bill, but we still have a degraded highway system. Major U.S. infrastructure investment must and will occur eventually, whether as a matter of smart proactive economic policy, reactive fiscal stimulus, dire necessity, or some combination of these. We don't assume such a scenario in our longer term outlook, but we will be well positioned to meet that need when it arises. In the meantime, we remain very confident in our business and are focused on making a strong franchise even stronger. Let me conclude by thanking our outstanding employees for their performance during the quarter and for the work they continue to do every day to deliver another year of very strong results. And thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. Now, if the Operator will give the required instructions we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll have our first question from Kathryn Thompson, Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson: Good morning. First going to focus on more specific states. For Georgia in particular how much of your strength was driven by the new funding initiatives with House Bill 170, new rail lines in Savannah, or just overall improved economic health of the State. Just really helping us to balance because each of those are different types of buckets one being a new business opportunity, one being new funding and one is just day-to-day business.
Tom Hill: At this point Kathryn, it's all just organic growth in Georgia. You aren't seeing flow through from the new highway funding. Might see a little bit towards the end of this year, but that's really going to be 2017 and 2018, so that's just really healthy growth in Georgia.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. And nothing really from the new rail line to Savannah?
Tom Hill: Not at this point.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Flipping to two states that were softer, California, Virginia. Virginia we were well aware of some of the wet weather, but specifically addressing those two states, to what degree were volumes impacted by large project delays, wet weather or any other relevant factor we should take into consideration and if you're able to comment on how trends are progressing in each of those states as we go into Q3.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think if you're asking me, do we see some kind of change or deceleration in demand growth in these states or -- the answer is no. Both the private side, residential is very healthy, non-res saw a little bit of softening in the second quarter, but the leading indicators in the pipeline very healthy. The public side will only get better. We'll see a little bit of a lull in California while they are responding. But overall, we don't see any deceleration in either one of these states. I think that take them one at a time. California very positive. Our strength there is large commercial and highway projects. We saw a lull in that of recent, commercial side some of our customers maybe didn't pick up as much work of late as we would have liked. In Canada, we can do a better job with that. On the highway side, we'll see a little bit of a short-term decrease in funding because of gas price, lower gas prices, but that's got to rectify itself. California is rated the worst roads in the U.S. There's a number of bills in the State government for funding from roughly $3.5 billion -- increase of $3.5 billion up to $7 billion. And then there's I think around more than 10 measures that are on the ballot for November for local and county work that would total roughly an increase -- annual increase of about $2 billion. So overall, California is going to be fine. Virginia as you said we saw extreme weather and also had a little bit of timing with projects we had two big projects last year the midtown tunnel and a large wind farm that was going. We had one pushback this year the Fairfield marine terminal. But, just to give you a little flavor around that. If you took three large jobs that are coming I66 in Northern Virginia, the Chesapeake Bay bridge job, and the Fairfield marine which I just mentioned, that would be -- put those jobs together you're going to be around 7 million tons. So demand in Virginia will continue to grow.
John McPherson: And Kathryn, it's John. Just to put a little more color on the four states we called out and just to give you support, and again, to echo Tom's point, we do not see any cyclical change here in these states or across our portfolio. Really the only one if you back up and take a trailing 12-month look that's down on volume for us is Illinois. And we've talked about Illinois before that's just a bit of a different fiscal picture rolling over some large projects that we didn't have this year that we did have last year. That's the one place the demand growth outlook just isn't as clear. Everything else that we're calling out is primarily a timing issue. It's weather related, it's pulling work forward into the first quarter, or it's just how large projects get started and they flow through the pipeline so Illinois is a little bit different but everywhere else is basically on the same track that its been.
Kathryn Thompson: And Illinois, how should we think about modeling Illinois not just for the next quarter, but for 2016 and what's your view going forward and how we should think about modeling Illinois volume? Is it a situation where we should expect a decline or flat, any color would be helpful? Thank you.
Tom Hill: We probably expect in Illinois and I'll make sure we follow-up on this with you. But, just to give you a sense, I'd expect flat to kind of low single digit growth from where we are today. Going forward, so it's not rapid decline, it's just not the same kind of growth on the shipment side. Now the other thing we call out in these states, California, Texas, Virginia, Illinois of note is the businesses are still strong, so don't take near-term volume challenges as fundamental business challenges. I mean just to give you a sense, those four states had pricing growth over the last 12 months in the double digits.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay.
Tom Hill: They had improvement in cash margin per ton over the last 12 months over 20%. And so the businesses are good and sound. It's just a question of project timing and flow. Virginia for example, was up strongly in volume in the first quarter over 20%. So we probably pulled some work forward there. We call it Illinois because it's the one place we just don't see the same kind of longer term robust growth that we see in rest of our portfolio.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, great. And final question for me today. You talked about mix and geographic mix having an impact on average pricing in the quarter. Are you able to give a little bit more granularity of which was a greater factor in the quarter? Thank you.
Tom Hill: I think it was a combination of the two. We saw shipments get impacted in coastal Texas with weather, extreme weather and some timing of projects, it's healthy pricing, so that was geographic. And then, you saw some substantial base jobs and shot rock jobs particularly in Florida, so you put all those together was just under a percent.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Jerry Revich, Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
John McPherson: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just say more about what you saw demand by end-market across your footprint sounds like private non-res may have slowed, can you just flush that out for us either based on shipments in the quarter or based on indications that you're hearing from your customers? Thanks.
Tom Hill: Yes. I think what we've seen is the growth in recent activities weakened just a little bit. Longer term our backlogs are growing, the pipeline has strengthened, employment levels and other factors point to sustained growth and at any given time that activity at different geographies will vary pretty widely. But, if you look at the leading indicators, the Dodge Momentum Index, ABI, they point to renewed pace of growth in 2017 and beyond. And then just simple fact that you've got single-family construction growing at the pace it's growing will pull non-res up and that we'll see that coming.
Jerry Revich: Okay.
Tom Hill: Our shipments to private non-res work in the quarter were still pretty healthy. So they can vary market-to-market. But I think we've all probably called the death of non-res spending prematurely several times now. Even if we see a little bit of weakness in near-term start indicators with our customers, and then, the data we look at we're seeing just as much if not more strength in the longer term pipelines. We still see growth across all of the India segments we are talking about. With the one thing that surprised us being slow kind of jumps out is really public infrastructure spending. So again, the outlook there is strong, but we haven't seen as much in public infrastructure as we would expect it so far this year giving all the fundamentals, all of the fundamentals are there, but the spending really hasn't been quite where we thought it would have been.
Jerry Revich: And John, Tom, can you say more about that last point? Is it an issue of timing in terms of some bigger jobs getting started or getting the bidding process done, what are you seeing as driving that delay and how broad based is it?
John McPherson: On the infrastructure piece, it's really just now you're starting to see the big capital projects, water, airports those kind of projects. If you look at tax receipts in our markets they are at or near all-time highs. So it's going to happen. It's just a matter of timing and I think the local governments making the decision to go forward with the capital projects. But you'll see that come on in 2017 and probably more in 2018.
Jerry Revich: Okay.
John McPherson: And it's a little bit of -- I'm going to call it a little bit of conjecture from us Jerry. But, we at least hear some comments about just I'm going to call it overall election cycle uncertainty, putting some near term breaks, some public infrastructure spending in some places. But again, as Tom said some of the spending on things like sewers and water infrastructure is not even really discretionary if you're going to build as much new residential, as we are building you are going to have to build new water. So it's really a question of timing in our view, but its one area that so far in 2016 we haven't seen the kind of growth we would have expected.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, I'm wondering if you can comment on how volumes and pricing looked in July, so May obviously stands out as a month of downside in the quarter. Can you just give us some context on how July looked?
John McPherson: Well, Jerry I'll jump in and say as the CFO that we can't comment on the third quarter yet. But in the spirit of that question, I guess one thing I'd note is, if May had had the same kind of shipping rate trends that we had seen in June and April, you would probably have a very different feel to this call and results. We wouldn't be asking some of these questions. So as Tom said it's not uncommon to have some variability in shipping rates week-to-week, month-to-month in a business it's all outdoors. But again, we haven't seen anything from our view that would indicate any kind of deceleration or anything that would take us off long-term trend. This is still a business with solid outlook for 2016, strengthening visibility for 2017 and in our view multiple years of growth ahead of us.
Jerry Revich: All right. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Wetenhall, RBC Capital Markets.
Bob Wetenhall: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to -- and maybe this is for John. You guys had commented on your last conference call that the high-end of the range for capital spending would be around $400 million this year and I think you're about running at $200 million. And what are your expectations? Are you going to still keep up with that $400 million number or given what you're seeing in the market are you going to tap the brakes a little bit?
John McPherson: I think Bob, we'll keep up with that number. But let me give you a couple of important reminders. Our core CapEx spending as a portion of that $400 million is about $ 275 million. So think about that as core operating maintenance capital. And then there's another $125 million in that number that's essentially growth capital. Non-M&A growth capital. So our CapEx outlook both now and through the balance of the recovery remains unchanged. We have not seen anything in the marketplace conditions and I'd underscore this that would cause us to put brakes on our own capital spending or on our pursuit of M&A. Again, our view on the business and its outlook if anything is probably strengthening, so nothing from a external market condition point of view that would cause us to adjust our capital spending.
Bob Wetenhall: Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you. And one question on profitability. Your gross margin expansion was pretty tremendous at 500 basis points and that came in ahead of what we were anticipating and I wanted to understand what were the drivers of that? Was it more about getting favorable pricing as obviously a huge tailwind for that, but how much was also operating leverage and what kind of relief did you get from lower costs for diesel fuel?
John McPherson: Yes, Bob, obviously we had healthy price in the quarter and that will continue. But I thought our folks did a really nice job with their operating costs particularly with a little bit lower volumes and they continue to not only leverage the volume, but also just improve on the key operating efficiencies and disciplines that drive the profitability of the business. So it was a combination of the two. To answer your question on diesel, total diesel was an impact of about $7 million.
Bob Wetenhall: Got it. Okay. And just one final. I think you guys doubled your spend on share buybacks for the quarter from $23 million in the first quarter to $46 million. Any thoughts as you look out into the back half of the year about share buyback activity and what's left under the authorization? Thanks and good luck.
John McPherson: Thanks, Bob. I think we have over 2 million shares left on the authorization. So I think that it's not a question of authorization. Our path on share repurchase I would call unchanged as we've said before, we'll continue to return excess cash to shareholders at this point in the cycle primarily through share repurchase, we'll remain opportunistic in doing so as opposed to give any particular commitment to a certain level of repurchase activity in advance. But again, our basic approach to capital allocation remains unchanged and as such, we may continue to repurchase shares as another way to return capital to shareholders.
Operator: We'll go next to Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms: Hi, good morning.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Trey Grooms: Couple of questions on kind of getting back to the lull in the large projects that you guys mentioned. I know you touched on some of the public stuff, but you also mentioned that there was some private projects there. And then also, May being the weaker month in the quarter, I'm guessing weather played a big role there that you highlighted. I guess what I'm trying to get at here is that the timing of when these projects that were either pushed to the right or what have you when those could come through. I mean, is that a third quarter event or fourth quarter would they be more like into 2017? How do we think about the timing?
Tom Hill: Well, I think it will be all over the place obviously with large projects. Let me give you kind of a little bit of a view on some large projects and put a little flavor on that. So if you look at Virginia for example, I mentioned Northern Virginia, the Route 66 projects will be probably 6 million tons, I85 and that job actually will go in 2017, I85 in Southern Virginia is over 800,000 tons, but you'll see some of that in 2016, but a lot has got pushed into 2017. And in North Carolina, the I85 widening it's probably 1.2 million tons and those will see a little bit of that in 2016, but a -- majority of it in 2017 and the Northwest Corridor in Atlanta is 1.5 million and that's the widening of I75 and it's a 1.5 million tons and that will probably do a little more, we will probably get 700,000, 600,000 tons in 2016. So it will be all over the place. And again, as John said earlier, it's going to be a matter of timing. The good news is the contractors and our customers want to get the work done, they are going to press to get it done because they have visibility and know what's coming in 2017, and so they've got to get this off their books so they can free their crews up and go on to other projects. So the desires there, it's just a matter of, will they have the crews in the fourth quarter, will the weather allow them to do it.
Trey Grooms: Right. So kind of with that, I'm just trying to get a feel for how we should be thinking about the quarterly cadence kind of looking into the back half. Third Quarter or Q3 obviously faces a tougher comp, but it's also generally a seasonally stronger quarter for you guys and then with kind of the back drop of weather and how things have moved around, anything unique about the seasonal cadence or your expectation there as we look in the back half?
Tom Hill: I don't think there's anything unique about it except for very similar to last year. I would underscore what I just said about the contracts and desire to get it done. They are pressed even more in 2016 than they were in 2015 to get this work done because there's so much work coming for 2017. You'll see both on the commercial side and highway side, so desires there and the third quarter is always healthy, but depending on weather the fourth quarter could be great too. We'll decide to just wait and see.
Trey Grooms: Got it. And then, last one for me and John, I mean, you guys in the whole team impressive incrementals and gross profit per ton. And I think last quarter you said that you expect to see incrementals for this year a little higher than the longer term kind of 60% target. And with half the year behind us now and the current cost environment, can you update us on your thoughts there?
John McPherson: Sure, Terry. I think we still say 60% is our long-term as in through the entire recovery and expansion cycle number but that's a multi-year view. We've obviously been doing better than that of late, sometimes substantially better. I think for the balance of the year, I'm not sure we see a much different trajectory than we've been on so far this year in terms of incrementals. Some of that in a very short period of time if you took an individual month or maybe an individual quarter can be influenced by the mix of price and volume in our growth. But overall, our team has continued to do a great job. Again, I come back to something Tom said in his remarks. The work is there. The demand is there. Importantly Terry to your question, the profitability is there, core profitability in our business maybe running a little ahead of our plan. And so we come down to for 2016 is really a question of timing of the shipments and how much gets done this year versus next. But again, the work is there, the demand is there and importantly the profitability is there and we see that trend continuing.
Trey Grooms: Great. That's it for me. Thanks a lot.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Garik Shmois, Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thank you. First question is, just you talked about the weakness in Illinois sounds like there's a fundamental change perhaps when you think about that market. Could you just speak to perhaps the importance of that market strategically. And then just broadly what you're seeing and what your appetite is for either acquisitions or divestments at this point in the cycle?
Tom Hill: First of all, as John said, you've got a lot of well known funding and budget issues, although they did reaffirm the highway spending in Illinois on one hand the positive and they also cut the toll way spending in half, which will cost us about $700 million in the State for next year. I think the positive side of that is you're still seeing growth on the private side. And as John said, this is a very good business for us and we have a very, very strong market position and our teams up there have done a great job of improving their unit margins even with some falling volume. Some of that volume Garik is, we were at two very large jobs one at O'Hare and one the toll way that we were working on last year and we're starting to wind down so some of that's just again timing of projects. But overall, it's a strong market for us and an important market and one that I think our folks have done a nice job improving.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And could you touch on just second part of the question with respect to M&A at this point in the cycle, what are you seeing out there as far as valuations are concerned, what's your appetite for additional deals and how do you balance that relative to your capital structure?
Tom Hill: They're still out there. We've got a number of them as John said in his comments that we're working on, when they will close is always, each one separate, each one is timing. But you always have to be disciplined about what you're buying and what you are paying and what the unique synergies that we have for Vulcan are and how do we leverage those so it's there. We're hot on that trail and we've got a number of them in the pipeline.
John McPherson: And only thing we would add to your question, which I think we also addressed in our comments is, if anything we're pushing harder on opportunities particularly those that fit us strategically. We're going to stay disciplined on valuations obviously but we've worked hard to be in a position where we now have the financial capacity to really do good deals where they exist, to make the right ongoing capital investments in our business and to return some capital to shareholders so we can balance all those things and we will certainly have the financial flexibility to pursue M&A of that growth. All that said we're going to stay really disciplined about it.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks just want to shift as my follow-up question to the coastal markets in Texas clearly weather impacted demand in May in particular. Are you seeing anything fundamentally changing or decelerating along the coast? If so, how does that impact the productivity out of your Cancun quarry, and then, also would there be anything for us to think about over the maybe in the medium term if there is deceleration in the coastal markets in Texas around price mix given it was a headwind in the quarter?
Tom Hall: I think that the story as you said in Texas was the coastal piece of it. Weather was a big impact. Let's face it coastal Texas was under water for more than a month and so that impacted. We also had as John says timing of large projects we have the grand parkway and some big energy projects we are working on last year. We've worked some of that work off, there's still some in the pipeline, golden pass, Beaumont LNG, so you'll see that come -- some of those tons come back next year. It's hard to tell what's going on in res and non-res with the weather pattern we had in the second quarter, probably some softening in Houston. But behind that, you've got huge increases in highway spending that we've seen some of that in 2015 and 2016 but you're going to see more of that in 2017 and 2018 and 2019. And nothing Garik was already summed up, the visibility is not great because the weather is so bad, in a quarter where you have volumes drop to 30% in one market, it's hard to get a lot of visibility with that kind of drop. But as you look at it, you've got strengthening public spending that should offset potentially some weakening private spending. We haven't seen that weakening elsewhere in Texas yet by the way. The little bit we've seen around Houston we've not seen spread to the rest of Texas. And finally your question about price impact or impact on logistics out of our quarry in Mexico, I don't think anything I'd call material anyway-- 
Tom Hall: Well, I think you have to remember the quarter in Mexico we shipped to some 17-18 port facilities all the way around from Brownsville all the way around to Jacksonville, Florida. So where you might have some temporary softening and timing of projects on the coast of Texas, you've got the Southeastern Florida and those markets picking up substantially. So there's a lot of flexibility in that overall business. And we think we're fine with it.
John McPherson: And again on pricing, which is just really a mixed issue not a fundamental underlying price issue. I don't think we would expect these kind of declines we saw in the second quarter and future quarters. So I don't see anything that I would try and model in on pricing.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll go next to Timna Tanners, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners: Hey, good morning guys. 
Tom Hall: Good morning.
Timna Tanners: So I was curious about your comment on the election year having a numbing effect or people whatever you said maybe on the local side. And just wanted to get a sense of, if you could characterize the political sentiment you're getting from you're canvassing of Washington in light of kind of the positive spirit of dialogue lately on public infrastructure spending.
Tom Hall: I think the good news there is everybody is talking about it. Both Presidential candidates, who got a number of people in Washington concerned about the countries infrastructure. They all know it's an issue. And they also understand that it is stimulus if we do it correctly. So like I said we have a five year bill, but we still have degraded highway system and that bill is not going to improve that grade. So it is an issue and now what's going to happen we don't know, we know what's going to happen with the election, but it is an important issue in one that people are putting out there in front of everyone.
John McPherson: And Timna, it's John because I may have made the comments just to add to that. And my comments weren't reflective on the nature of the dialogue around future infrastructure spending which we actually as Tom said is quite positive at a federal level, State level and local level across many of our geographies. It's more just a negative tone and some degree of uncertainty that would seem to affect private investment levels. And you'll know more about this than us but you may have seen some of that in second quarter GDP data. And we probably have some customers who on balance just given negative tone out there particularly on the private side are a little more reluctant than they would be in a different time to add their own additional capacity to make their own big capital investments whether that's a new equipment or land for development or larger staffs. So I wouldn't want to make it too big a deal. What's interesting though is, just this disconnect between the tone you're going to hear in the middle of an election cycle which is really negative and what we see in our own business which frankly is pretty positive but nothing longer term, the dialogue around higher levels of public infrastructure spending particularly on road infrastructure and other infrastructure we are pretty excited about.
Timna Tanners: Okay. And then to wrap up with a couple other thematic questions. So are you seeing much for small on labor constraints that we've been hearing about on construction? Is that an issue at all for you? Second of all, how good is your visibility relative to normal levels in light of that kind of more cautious sentiment?
Tom Hall: I think that the first of all the labor issue, yes, we're seeing shortages with our customers whether it's ready mix truck drivers or finishers or carpenters on residential. So there are constraints -- there are labor constraints out there. And it is a bottleneck for our customers and therefore for us. I think they are working through it. We've been on this theme for now about a year and that's actually good news because it means it's growing and it's growing faster than they can fill the ranks and the work isn't going to go anywhere it's a matter of getting enough timing.
John McPherson: And on your question about normal, it wouldn't change our view of normal, but as we've discussed many times before, these bottlenecks whether they are labor or others that some of our customers face, they probably do constrain on the margin, the rate of growth or the rate of recovery keeping us for now in the 7%, 8%, 9% rate as opposed to something that the underlying demand would justify being higher. Flip side is that it can create a generally positive pricing climate but it may make for a longer recovery at a slightly slower rate like that 7%, 8%, 9% rate as opposed to something that would get up into the sustained double digits for a very long period of time.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Stanley Elliott, Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Hi, guys. Thank you for fitting me in. A quick question on the outlook for costs -- the unit costs on the aggregate side. Obviously, the incrementals are going to be strong this year. Diesel has been a bit of a tailwind. How much longer can diesel realistically, be a tailwind for you guys and then maybe speak to some of the investments that you're making either on the sales side or on the production side to help us keep these incrementals as strong as they are or at least tracking above your historical average.
Tom Hall: As you look out towards the second half of the year and the price of diesel last year versus the price of diesel this year is probably not going to be a big cost advantage going forward. I think that -- as I said earlier, I think our folks are doing a really good job of concentrating on our own operating efficiencies that we can control. Volumes are coming back, can help that. So I feel pretty good about our cost and our ability to take incremental revenues to the bottom line. As far as capital projects, they are all over the place. Some is as simple as replacement of mobile equipment, screens and crushers, usually when you do plant capitalist a combination of both replacement and process improvement to get more throughput or reduce down time, which helps on your cost obviously other than just like-for-like replacement. On the growth side, we've got a number of facilities who are working on our distribution network both rail and blue water that were all of them are different stages of completion and then we've got a number of greenfield projects that we're working on at different stages in completion.
John McPherson: Only additional color I would add is while we may not have the same tailwinds from diesel moving forward we should be beginning to work out of a period where we had elevator repair maintenance costs kind of earlier in the recovery. So we're hopeful those trends will offset each other a little bit some more work to do there. And just a reminder we've got a lot of fixed costs yet to leverage in this recovery. So as Tom said we're pretty proud of what our teams did and particularly as an example in a quarter without much volume growth and still with very uneven production schedules due to weather challenges to control your costs in a quarter like the one we just finished, is a good sign of the right disciplines, so we have a pretty positive outlook about our margin performance looking forward.
Stanley Elliott: Absolutely I agree. And just a reminder, when do the new ships come on line? Is there anyway to talk about either improved efficiency or cost savings or anything along those lines around the ten new vessels? 
Tom Hall: Yes. They will come on line at different stages next year. And they will both be more efficient both particularly in fuel also they have less draft and more tonnage capacity. So we'll see improvements cost wise with those ships as they come on line and we'll be excited to get those.
John McPherson: Probably a little early to talk about it specifically though. That may be something more a 2017 item probably a little too early to talk about it specifically but they are good investments.
Stanley Elliott: That sounds fair. And then, lastly on the M&A side, obviously, plenty of flexibility within the capital structure, are you thinking more on the bolt-on side or there new markets you'd be interested in entering, how should we think about that from a footprint perspective?
Tom Hall: Both, primarily bolt-on. I mean those are some of our best returns and it proves out the efficiencies in the overall franchise, but and it's healthy, so and then as far as new markets we did that 18 months ago in New Mexico and where we have a path to number one or number two position, we'll look at new places and if not we probably won't.
Stanley Elliott: Is it still fair to say mostly aggregate focused and potentially some downstream assets but certainly not the primary focus?
Tom Hall: You said it well. We like aggregates.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect guys. Thanks very much and best of luck.
Tom Hall: Thank you.
John McPherson: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Robert Norfleet, Alembic Global Advisors.
Nick Chen: Hi. This is Nick Chen for Rob. Thanks for taking our question this afternoon. You guys touched on a little bit earlier just discussing California, but I was hoping you could opine a bit on just some of the State level funding bills that you guys are tracking and sort of where you expect them to have the biggest impact going forward?
Tom Hall: Sure. I talked about California. They were going to lose a little bit of funding but there are a number of three bills in particular that would add between $3 billion and $7 billion. And they have to address their roads, and then, the local impact, which is in total if they all pass would be $2 billion a year. So Texas is one of the fastest growing highway markets. We saw a 30 in our markets in Texas in just the highway lengths alone. In 2016, we'll see an improvement of over 30%, state is a whole improvement of over 20% and a lot of that will really actually go in 2017. And then you'll have improved funding again in both 2017 and 2018. That will go up about 15% or 20% in 2017, and then, there's another over $2 billion that comes on to Texas in 2018. Georgia basically doubled their highway funding that passed a year ago and we'll see a little bit of that in 2016 as I said earlier majority will come in 2017 and 2018. North Carolina has improved their funding as has Florida, as has South Carolina, as has Virginia. There are bills being discussed in Alabama and probably won't be addressed until 2017. I'd tell you a similar story in Tennessee where it needs to be addressed, they have not, it won't happen in 2016, hopefully will happen in 2017. So as I said, a lot of our states have marked improvement in funding and the vast majority of that except for Texas will flow through in 2017 and 2018. So we're really looking forward to this. And this was a real bright part of our future.
Nick Chen: That's really helpful. Thanks so much.
Tom Hall: You bet.
Operator: We'll go to Brent Thielman, D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Thanks. Good morning.
Tom Hall: Good morning.
Brent Thielman: Is there a way to think about the moving pieces of these various issues in May in terms of the impact you reported average price for the quarter?
Tom Hall: I think the average price as I said earlier was healthy in spite of some geographic and product mix issue, probably one of the bigger impacts in the quarter was on that was -- just the mix issue was coastal Texas as John said volumes were down 30%. It's a very -- it has healthy pricing and so that had a little bit of an impact. But overall, the environment for pricing across our footprint remains healthy, it's strong, throughout the entire construction segment pricing is moving up and that's driven by demand increases and is also driven by the visibility of what everybody sees coming in 2017 and 2018.
JohnMcPherson: Just giving little more color if it helps, I think our average selling prices, if you take all of the moving pieces and adjust as best you can on a like-for-like basis probably would have been $0.03 or $0.04 higher than what we reported. Again, a lot of that is having a big decline in coastal Texas. Now at the same time that's accounting for some of our South Eastern markets which have good pricing too growing pretty quickly. So on a total like-for-like basis, when you look at geographic issues and the product mix issues, our rate of price growth year-over-year would have been a little closer to eight than what we reported. But I wouldn't let any of that distract you from what Tom said which is the core pricing outlook and climate remains positive given where we are in the recovery. And I'd also just remind you prices went up pretty healthy in those very same markets that were volume challenged, so Virginia, Illinois, California, Texas those are all markets that have had good pricing and margin improvement not just in this quarter but for the last few quarters.
Brent Thielman: Okay. That's helpful. And then you've talked about the variability and timing of all of these large projects in terms of volumes. When we think about your outlook for potential volume for the year and kind of the company overall, is it more heavily impacted by larger projects than what we would typically see?
Tom Hall: No. I don't think it's more. I think this is just a piece of it. So part of it is going to be the large projects. As we said earlier part of it just across the entire market segments is going to be, can the contractors and can our customers get the work done in the time that they have. So we talked about labor shortages, you have those and those are an issue so it's about both timing of large projects, our customers ability to get work out. And then how many days do we have of construction in the fourth quarter. All that will go together to really see how the year turns out. But I'll remind you this is exactly what we saw in 2015.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Margard, Rainier Investment Management.
Jim Margard: Hi. Thank you. Could you comment a little bit more on the mix as you mentioned, the Texas coastal situation was impactful and presumably that mix will turn more favorable so simply by virtue of that. But could you elaborate a little bit more going into the future and also were there any other mix issues other than coastal Texas and as you go more into your bigger infrastructure build, in 2017 and 2018 what are the implications for the mix in that?
Tom Hall: Well, first of all, in the quarter, pricing was a combination of the mix impact was both geographic which was Texas and then mix. So we had some large base work in the southeast and we also had large shot rock projects in Florida. And while they may have an impact on price it has a overall positive impact on profitability because you've got to sell those mix of products and some of them are cheaper to make. And so the price of the margins while the price maybe lower the margin is very healthy and you need to sell the full product line to maximize profitability in our operations. On your question about highway construction and coming highway construction, that really plays into our hand in that -- it is a really healthy mix of what our plants produce. It has a combination of base and fines because it's new construction and it has asphalt rock, it has concrete rock, so it gives the full flavor of everything we produce and just pushes the overall profitability up.
John McPherson: And when you think about it geographically, we really like the -- particularly -- well, we like it now, we like it longer term, the breadth and positioning of our particular geographic mix. These trends we're seeing and where we see the growth and the nature of the increased public spending we commented on earlier. If anything these should give us tailwinds from a geographic mix point of view. We're well positioned against where the growth is coming.
Tom Hall: Over and beyond that on aggregates it also fits into our hand with our asphalt business. So we have very strong positions in a number of states with asphalt, which is a lot more public driven, so all of the spending on highways will help that business.
Jim Margard: Great. Thank you.
Tom Hall: You're welcome.
Operator: At this time, we'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Tom Hill for closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials and we look forward to talking to you this quarter and over the balance of the year. And I would like to thank our employees for all of their hard work and the things they do to make this company great. Thanks.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Director-Investor Relations J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Mike F. Betts - Jefferies International Ltd. Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Alicia, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And now, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark D. Warren - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. To facilitate our discussion today, we have made available, during this webcast and on our website, supplemental information. Rather than walk through each slide, Tom and John will summarize the highlights of our quarterly results and outlook. We believe this approach will assist your analysis and will allow more time to respond to your questions. With that said, please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, including general economic and business conditions, the timing and amount of federal, state and local funding for infrastructure, the highly competitive nature of construction materials industry, and other risks and uncertainties. These are described in detail in the company's SEC reports, including our earnings release and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You will find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of this presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Vulcan's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. I hope you've had time to review our earnings release and the supplemental information posted earlier today on our website. As you saw reflected in our financial results, our teams really hit on all cylinders during the first quarter, particularly in our core aggregate segment. We met our customers' needs for higher volumes of material. We continue to migrate prices upward with an eye towards longer-term returns on capital. We leveraged fixed cost and lowered our unit cost of goods sold even after excluding the impact of lower diesel cost. And obviously, our margins and total profits for the quarter grew rapidly as a result. On a 21% gain in total freight-adjusted revenues for the company, our teams delivered 112% gain in total gross profit. It is certainly true that you can't extrapolate the full picture from a single quarter's results, but when you look at our results in the context of the last several quarters, you see very solid and improving fundamentals. Several things about this quarter really stand out in my mind, and I'd like to spend a little time discussing them with you. As a starting point, I want to emphasize that we continue to believe that the recovery in our markets still has a long way to go. Our business is in the midst of a long, gradual recovery in demand. It's not unusual in such recovery to experience periods of relatively faster and slower growth. And certainly, our first quarter saw a number of positive things come together all at once, but we are still in early stages of recovery for the construction economy. For example, to underscore a point, we entered 2016 in terms of per capita Aggregate demand relative to long-term averages, pretty close to where we were at the time of the 1982 recession. Having said that, clearly, the fundamentals of our business and our core aggregate focus strategy are very strong. This is, to our way of thinking, a recovery with real staying power. Of course, we will take 17% shipment growth whenever we can get it, but what impresses me about the quarter, and really the last 12-plus months, is a solid additional evidence of a sustained and sustainable recovery. It's supported by growth in all of our end-use market. With public demand just beginning to strengthen, it is taking hold in more of our key market and is leading to volume gains in more of our key facilities, and it is supported by longer-term fundamentals, including sustained gains in construction employment, state and local revenue health, and early signs of rising wages and income. We will see some ebbs and flows in the rate of demand recovery and our shipment growth, but that's to be expected, particularly quarter-to-quarter. The first quarter reinforces an important point. This recovery is real. It's broad based and our geographic breadth and positioning will serve us well as recovery moves forward. The first quarter provided a clear snapshot of this fact. Our overall shipments grew more than 15% even though our Texas and California businesses were flat to down. This is another indicator of a recovery with real staying power. A second point is that our local teams throughout the company are not only executing well, they're also adapting well to changing market conditions. They have performed well and have maintained operating discipline and focus while challenged by rapidly increasing volumes. Their focus and ability to adapt, their expertise in balancing product mix, pricing and greater efficiencies day-to-day and week-to-week bode well for our future. It can be easy to lose our focus when adjusting and adapting to rising customer demands for quantity and quality of product, all the while hiring new staff and adjusting shift structures. And finally, you have some profitability tailwinds at your back, such as lower diesel costs and higher product pricing. There could be a tendency to lose some operating discipline, but this hasn't happened. When demand has risen, our plant level teams have adjusted just as quickly to meet customer needs. They're highly focused on the operating details, critical to our long-term success, and are acting with discipline to ensure peak operating efficiencies. Our sales teams have also responded effectively to ensure we're serving each market segment well, and our sales and operating teams have stayed coordinated in balancing production and demand. We're driving earnings while helping our customers grow. We're going to face some operating challenges as the recovery continues and as we grow. That's just the nature of operating more than 340 facilities across many states. But I take an extra measure of confidence from how well our teams have responded over the last two quarters. Finally, a third point that strikes me as I reflect on the quarter and trends in our business, that's the payoff from our aggregates focus and from our commitment to continuous, compounding improvement in all aspects of our business. We brought our division presidents, our senior line of leaders from around the country together recently. And one of the things we discussed was the importance of keeping our energy which is electric. I can tell you right now that our people remain driven hungry for growth and improved performance. Our people, many of whom have 15, 20, even 30-plus years in the business, know that we are a long way from more normal demand and the corresponding profitability in our business. We live this every day with many plants still running part-time and many crews still without full-time work. Our people are balancing immediate customer needs with the maintenance and investment required to serve the growth that is coming. So, our job is to keep tapping into that pride, that sense of ownership and competitive spirit in order to keep getting better day-in and day-out. And certainly, our shareholders benefit for this emphasis on continuous, compounding improvement. As you've seen, we continue to expand our margins faster than pricing alone. And that improvement drives better returns on capital and allows for financially sound reinvestment. Since recovery began in the second half of 2013, our gross profit per ton in our Aggregates segment has improved $2, or 78% on a trailing 12-month basis. The drivers of this improvement are many and to some may seem dull, but the impact on our lasting franchise value is anything but dull. Having shared these observations, I'll now hand it over to John for some brief commentary regarding our outlook. John?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the headline which was also noted in our release. Our full-year 2016 guidance for adjusted EBITDA remains unchanged at $1 billion to $1.1 billion. That said, we entered the second quarter tracking toward the high end of that range. Now, looking at our first quarter results and at our momentum over the last few quarters, as well as listening to the comments Tom just shared, some of you may ask why are we not raising guidance at this time. Well, we'd like to be clear one more time that it's not because we lack confidence in the business' long-term fundamentals. If anything, that confidence has risen. And that's confidence in a recovery with multiple end-use segments and geographic drivers, and a constructive pricing climate allowing for more fair and adequate returns on capital as we move forward, and in our internal ability to execute and to adapt to changing market conditions, nor do we see any imminent threats that we're just failing to mention. Simply put, it's early, and we need to take some care not to over-interpret any single quarter's results. We caution against it. As we've said frequently before, we encourage investors to also focus on longer-term trends. We believe that help separate the signal from the noise, if you will. And for this reason, you see us incorporate trailing 12-month figures and other longer-term trend information into our release and supporting materials. With those caution shared, let me offer a few more comments regarding our current outlook for the balance of the year. We currently expect same-store aggregate shipments to be up 8% to 9% for fiscal year 2016 over fiscal year 2015. This compares to our early February expectation of about 7%. Certainly, our first quarter shipments evidenced underlying strength in demand even after adjusting for weather and other favorable factors. Publicly funded construction activity has shown some year-over-year strength, although the effects of the Federal FAST Act and recent state and local funding initiatives have for the most part yet to flow through the system. And some of our end customers appear to be adding some capacity, albeit prudently and gradually. Our updated same-store shipment growth expectation is roughly in line with the rate seen over the trailing-12 months. Again, we expect that growth rates will fluctuate month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter as the recovery moves forward. That has been the pattern of this recovery and of past recoveries. So we're also seeing a recovery, although it has a good ways to go, that continues to see more geographic markets and more end-use segments participate fully. With respect to aggregates pricing, we continue to project year-over-year growth in freight-adjusted average selling prices of approximately 7%. First quarter prices showed approximately 2% sequential improvement over fourth quarter pricing. Price increases that took effect in January and as of April 1 were generally well accepted by the marketplace and in line with our beginning-of-year expectations. Aggregate unit margins should continue to expand faster than pricing, although the pace of that growth may vary quarter-to-quarter. As you saw in the first quarter, we're beginning to see some very good operating leverage as we leverage fixed cost to sales. And our overall cost performance of late, has benefited from lower diesel prices. Of course, those costs may rise as the year moves forward with some lag in corresponding product pricing. We continue to expect year-on-year gross profit growth in our Asphalt, Concrete and Calcium segments of approximately 20%, collectively. Our local leaders continue to manage material margins in those businesses very well, although they may see some downward pressure from currently strong levels as the year moves forward. SAG costs were elevated in the first quarter, primarily due to incentive compensation-related accruals tied to our financial and stock price performance. We currently expect full-year SAG cost to remain roughly in line with our February guidance, and we will continue to leverage SAG expenses to revenues. Absent the effects of performance-based compensation and certain investments in our sales capabilities, overhead expenses have grown at an approximately 3% rate since 2013. Our target for core capital expenditure investments remains at $275 million for the year, although we may elect to pull forward some future spending if justified by compelling sourcing opportunities, for example, lower heavy equipment costs resulting from pressures across the global mining sector. You'll see $108 million of PP&E investment reflected in our Q1 financials. A couple of comments. We typically work to frontload our spending on heavy mobile equipment in part so that we can see the benefits of associated operating efficiencies during the heavy construction season. And the PP&E spending figures and the financials also includes certain internal growth capital investments. For example, ships to serve our Yucatan operation, development of new quarry site, and development of new distribution facilities such as the railyard we just opened in Savannah, Georgia. And including these internal growth investments, our total cash outlay for the year could be approximately $400 million. Vulcan's financial strength and flexibility allow for a balance of smart re-investment, pursuit of acquisition-led growth opportunities, and the ongoing return of capital to shareholders. Our overall capital structure and capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. During the first quarter, both S&P and Fitch raised our credit ratings to investment grade status. During Q1, we returned approximately $50 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased 257,000 shares during the quarter at an average purchase price of approximately $103. I'll conclude my remarks by noting that our Q1 results represent another solid step toward our longer-term goals for the company's profitability when market demand recovers to long-term, normalized levels. Inside of Vulcan, we very much keep our eye on those longer-term goals. We have a lot of growth and a lot of work ahead of us. But the continuous, compounding improvements that Tom referred to have us well on track and well-prepared for the opportunities and challenges that will inevitably arise over the years to come. Tom, back over to you.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. I'd like to once again thank our people, many of whom listen to these calls, for their hard work and dedication. I congratulate you for accepting the challenge of finishing 2015 strong and then repeating that performance to kick off 2016. For those of you in the investment community, I'd like to assure you the response to these strong results is to sharpen our focus to control what we can control and stay committed to getting a little better every day. In the course of doing this, I want to emphasize that we remain very committed to pursuing strategic M&A opportunities as they arise, further strengthening our asset portfolio in high growth markets across America. We take confidence in what we've accomplished thus far in the recovery. And we have many opportunities ahead of us, but nobody is letting up. Taking just the basic measure of EBITDA, for example, while we're excited about our progress, we know that we still have a long way to go. And I can assure you that the Vulcan team is determined to reach our goals. Thank you again for your interest in Vulcan Materials. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We'll go first to Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Gentlemen, I'm wondering if you can comment about early indications of pricing cadence for April. Last year, you were able to push pricing sequentially over the course of the year, and you had a 3% increase sequentially 2Q versus 1Q. I'm wondering how is this year shaping out. Do you think you'll be able to push pricing over the course of this year once again?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. As you look at the first quarter, I think this was a really good start to pricing. It was pretty consistent how we thought pricing would be accepted throughout our markets and with our plan. Overall, the climate for pricing remains very healthy. I think the environment is good throughout the construction industry. In fact, we would see some pockets of tight supply. As the year goes on, we're going to comp over higher and higher prices with our success with that last year. But it's also about making profit in this business. It's about the balance of price mix and volume and that – and what's really important is that compounding effect of pricing. So I think, at this point, we're really pleased with our people's execution of their pricing plans, and we have really good confidence in our guys.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And can you talk about, on the public construction side, what's the speed of DOT request for bids turning into actual project where – how is that timeline shaking out? I guess on paper the DOT budgets look really good this year, and I'm wondering if you're seeing that materializing in terms of projects moving forward on time.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the DOTs are working really hard and really fast to turn their funding into projects, not the least of which is because of the political pressures that they feel. I think that if you look at the new – most of the new DOT spending that went into law the last – over the last year, you're not going to see much of that in 2017. I think they're plugging hard to get it out there, maybe a little – excuse me, you're not going to see much of that in 2016. Most of that will come in 2017. You may see a little bit at the end of 2016.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But they're working hard to get it out...
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: ...if they can.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Very aggressive. And Jerry, back on pricing, just with an eye toward the longer term, to echo Tom's point, we do like the climate we see. Everything seems constructive, very much in line with recent experience. And importantly for us, we seem to be a bit ahead of track on both pricing and margin improvement as it relates to our longer-term goals that we outlined at our Investor Day. So we're pleased with the results we see and it's a compounding improvement again, so we're looking to get it better quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions today. Just there's been obviously a great deal focus on the public end market, but I wanted to switch gears in terms of what you're seeing in the non-res end market because there's been some speculation that – could that market continue growth as we've seen. So, to that end, what are you seeing in terms of market demand trends from non-res projects, color on growth rate either by the quarter or for the trailing six months, and the types of projects you're seeing growth, growing best in your most important markets?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Kathryn, we continuously grow with the non-res. We look at the leading indicators, but what we're seeing in our markets and backlogs, are our customers continues to be healthy. As far as growth rate is concerned, it may not be as fast as last year, but it's still growing. I think that one of the things you'll see here is that the res is growing at a very fast rate, and usually non-res, particularly the retail construction will follow that. So, on the ground, we continue to see the growth. We still have a number of the large projects that we'll ship this year on the coast, and we also see some pretty healthy manufacturing growth.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Kathryn, one thing we're seeing that's a bit of a shift or a transition is our local teams are seeing a lot of small commercial work that's really popping up, and it's difficult to predict. This kind of pops up and gets executed pretty quickly. But we're seeing that in a number of markets, including (24:27) Nashville. So we think that bodes well for the overall health, mix, sustainability of the recovery to see this uptick in small commercial work across many of our markets.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you. And then on Georgia, last quarter, volumes were up 20%-plus. Our checks have seen at least a similar, if not healthier growth rate there. What are you seeing in terms of just how that state performed? But also importantly, just revisiting the prior quarter question which is have you seen any pickup in increased funding from that state, just increased volumes from the funding that was passed last quarter?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Georgia is really hitting on all cylinders, every market segment is growing. It's very healthy, housing, non-res. The highway is – actually, we've got a number of jobs that were backlog – very large jobs that were backlog prior to the funding. The state DOT has had a lot of pressure on it to turn out jobs in the new funding. So we may see some overlay work towards the end of the year in Georgia. But the real – I think, the real hit of the doubling of Georgia's funding will come in 2017 and 2018.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. And final question on Texas. In the past conversations we've had, you had said that Texas is really the only market that's getting close to getting back to normal. Are there any other markets that are getting kind of back to that normal market? And then, also just for the benefit of folks on the call, if you could differentiate within Texas what markets are – or what you would view back to (26:11) normal and what percentage of your Texas revenues are in each of those markets? Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. First of all, Texas is the only market we have that's anywhere close to normal demand. As far as commenting on the market in Texas, it's – as you said, it's a big place with many different markets. Overall, it remains very healthy. Dallas and San Antonio are still very strong. We're seeing rural Texas gets stronger and that's a – we have a big presence there, particularly the asphalt presence and that's good for us because it's driven by the increases in highway funding and the damage that was done to the roads from all the oil explorations. Houston, we probably see some softening in res and non-res. It's a watch for us. The coastal work, we still have a lot of large work that we're shipping. There's a – when I say coastal, I mean from Brownsville to Beaumont. There's also – including Houston, there's also a number of jobs that are coming there. Now, timing of all that with big jobs, as always, you'll see ebbs and flows. But – so, overall, with the except for the watch on res and non-res, I'd tell you Texas markets are healthy.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Trey Grooms of Stephens.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. Congrats on a great quarter.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good morning.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Thank you, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: So, looking at – I guess kind of sticking with the geographic theme here, can you talk about how the geographic mix that you're seeing as well as product mix could be impacting your pricing and kind of your expectation there as we look through the balance of the year?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Trey, for the quarter and as we look for the balance of the year, they are really in total, I'm going to call it, geographic and product or customer mix issues were kind of awash. So, there's really no big impact in that in our pricing for the quarter. Back on the geographic point and really the broadening of the recovery, we do see more of our, if you will, Atlantic Coast markets and Southeast markets, really beginning to participate in the recovery more and more fully across more end-use segments. How exactly that plays out in terms of price and product mix impact over the course of the year, we'll have to see. But that's not a big driver and the pricing or margin results you've seen of late.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Got you. Okay. And then on California being down, I mean, it sounded like in the fourth quarter that was a pretty good market for you, and then you noted seeing a slowdown there, and you pointed out some infrastructure work. Is that just timing? And then I know weather was obviously a factor there. Can you talk about kind of what the California market looks like when weather is cooperating for you guys?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. As we said, California was hit really hard in the first quarter with rain. We still see solid growth in demand in California. Short term, we could see some issues with Caltrans funding or timing of work. I think the good news for us about California is that market is very diverse. Our out (29:32) markets in California are very diverse. So this year on top of healthy residential market growth, we'll see a number of water projects, high-rise projects and airport projects start in 2016. So what I'd tell you is overall, long-term, we believe that the California will continue to experience sustainable growth.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. It's helpful. And then the last one for me is, I think that you had – when you first gave your guidance on your 4Q call, you had expected volumes to be more kind of back-half weighted. But obviously, with the big volume quarter now you guys just put up, just trying to think about how that changes your expectation for the quarterly cadence or kind of how the volumes kind of shake out as we progress through the year. And then with that, the obvious question we've been getting, do you think there was any pull-forward from some of these stronger markets that benefited from weather, kind of pulling forward into 1Q from 2Q or some other period?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Trey, it's John. I'll start and Tom could chime in. On the guidance, what we're trying to note is some of the El Nino-related weather effects that we did in fact see. And of course, you saw our – both our California businesses, and some of our Mountain West businesses, and a little bit Texas affected by that. In addition, as Tom just mentioned, we had a bit of a low on some large public construction work in California. But then, of course, despite those challenges on the volume side, we posted the results you saw today. It's difficult to say if we had a little bit of pull-forward or a little bit of, I'm going to call it, overflow from 2015 where, for example, in North Carolina and South Carolina, some fourth quarter shipments were delayed by the bad weather they had. But as best we can tell, however, you adjust for it, we are seeing some strengthening in demand across more geographies, across more end-use segments. And as a result, you've seen us move our expectation for the year from 7% growth to 8% to 9% growth, in line roughly with what we've experienced over the last 12 months. We're seeing a recovery that still has a ways to go, but has more and more engines driving it, if you will. I think...
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Great. That's it for me. Thanks a lot, guys. Keep up the good work.
Operator: We'll go next to Garik Shmois of Longbow.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thanks and congratulations. You called out in the press release that you're starting to win share on large projects. And I remember a year ago at the Analyst Day when you indicated that this is – part of the strategy is we work through the recovery. It seems like it's bearing fruit. I was wondering if you can maybe provide a little bit more context around where you are with your share gain platform as it pertain to perhaps the quarter and the last 12 months?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. If you remember, I think what we said was we – I think we probably lost some share in the downturn, and it's always – as the markets come back, we'll recover that. As the recovery continues to mature, you'll see higher and higher shipments in the really high growth quarters in our markets, which is where we are. So, naturally, those jobs will be in our zone of natural advantage, so to speak, we're located. You'll also – we're also seeing more and more very, very large jobs, both commercial and highway work, and those also fall right in our wheelhouse. So it's just a natural recovery as the market returns.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: So, Garik, it's a little – it's a little hard for us to quantify that, especially kind of at this timeframe in the recovery. But as Tom said, I think it wouldn't surprise us if you're beginning to see some of the larger, more sophisticated producers recovering a little bit of share that they gave up in the downturn.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. Just want to switch to some of the cost buckets within aggregates. Specifically, is it possible to indicate what your diesel cost was in the quarter? And then also on repair and maintenance, it has been trending up over the last several quarters. It was up again in the first quarter. Can you provide an outlook on R&M costs as you move through the balance of the year? Is it still going to be elevated on a year-on-year basis, or will some of those costs start to plateau?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Sure. I'll start, Garik, and then Tom will chime in, in just an attempt to give you some more color as best we can. Again, first thing we'd highlight that is if you look on a trailing 12-month basis, even excluding the positive effects of diesel, our overall unit cost of sales is essentially flat. So what's really behind that, if you take a – again, a trailing 12-month view is that our teams are doing a great job and they've been able to get some real operating leverage as volumes have increased, and that's offset some of the cost pressures that come from higher R&M that we've been talking about. So all in all, they're doing a great job. We've really seen that for the last two quarters. We hope to keep seeing it going forward. We'll keep an eye on it. But we're certainly very pleased to see that cost performance. In the quarter, our average diesel price is probably about $1.30, probably $5 million, $6 million benefit from that in total. But, again, what we'd underscore. And then our R&M in the quarter, as we said, it was still elevated. To give you a rough order of magnitude, the way we look at it, it's probably $0.08 up per ton. So that's an issue we manage tightly. We keep an eye on it. But in the context of our overall margin structure, it's not a defining characteristic. So again, we'll continue to manage it well. Our team is doing a great job. We're beginning to see some real operating leverage. And importantly, even excluding the benefits of diesel, we've been able to keep cost relatively flat.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'd tell you, I'm not surprised to see R&M cost at this point in the cycle and that may continue for a while. We're still playing catch-up on putting plants up, run the plants harder. We've got to remember we're still in the early stages of this, a lot has been on gradual recovery. The volumes are still – the rather recovery is still early. I think what – as John said, what I'm pleased to see is that over the last 12-plus months or five quarters, we're seeing a trend of the other cost and the operating efficiencies start to improve which tells me that we're leveraging the volume not only on fixed cost, but also on some of the variable cost and the operating efficiency. So, to John's point, I think our folks are doing a really good job adjusting and adapting to rapidly changing volumes. We have a long way to go. And I think that as this continues to mature in the recovery, we'll continue to see that fixed cost and variable cost volume leverage.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: That's super helpful. Last question is just quickly on the asphalt volumes that declined in the quarter. Was that mainly driven by some of the commentary that you indicated that California had experienced over the last quarter?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. California asphalt was hit hard. You just can't lay it obviously in the rain. I think we're pleased with our overall asphalt performance. Despite California being down, Texas volumes were up, driven by – a lot by both textile work and private markets. I think we – our folks have done a good job of managing a mix of price, cost of material margins and all the while serving our customers, and that's tough to do in the first quarter with icy weather. So even with California down, I think we're pleased with our performance in asphalt for sure.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks, guys. Good luck.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Thanks, Garik.
Operator: We'll go next to James Armstrong of Vertical Research.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Good start to the year. Congrats. First question I had is on the weather impact as we go into the second quarter. Obviously, the South has been really, really wet in places. Are you seeing any impact of that as we go into the second quarter, or have you been able to pretty much overcome that so far?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Obviously, April has been wet. Anybody can look at the weather and tell that. But we would always tell you that we're going to – quarter-over-quarter or even month-over-month, yes, you're going to have weather, yes, you're going to have things that will affect you positively and negatively, but you can't judge it quarter-over-quarter or month-over-month. You really got to look at long term. So regardless of what the weather does, the demand is there, and if they don't – if it gets delayed, it's not going away. It's just postponed. And it always catches up and it always happens. But month-to-month, we're going to have periods of good weather and bad weather.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And, James, we're not going to comment on April sales on this call. So, we'll talk about that in our next call.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. And then going to asphalt, margins were absolutely fantastic there in the quarter. Should those continue or should those come under a little bit of pressure as oil prices start to march up? And can you talk about the lag in asphalt and oil?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. If you look at the – the quarter material margins are probably a little ahead of schedule – a little ahead of our expectations. We could see some pressures with – as – the changing liquid AC prices. Again, I think our folks are doing a really good job of managing that, and this is a balance of volume, price, cost of material margins. So – and there is a lag there, we're trying to predict what that is and how that is. Asphalt sometimes runs through the cadence of it and sometimes it doesn't, but we'll manage that as it comes along.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Thalhimer of BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey. Good morning, guys. I'd also say congrats.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Adam.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to ask about firstly on M&A. Maybe some updated thoughts on that, you putting your investment grade rating to work.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: First of all, I'd tell you that we are in a – we are very pleased with the purchases we made over the last 18 months and how they performed, and they performed very well. The M&A market continues to be healthy. We continue to be – so, it's a huge focus for us. It's something that we pay a lot of attention to. We're very busy with it. Obviously, we can't talk about anything we're working on, but we'll let you know when that happens and when those come – when those finalize. But it's healthy. We're focused on it and it's a priority for us.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Would you – are you going to preference either the smaller deals or larger deals at this point in the cycle?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We'll – I think what we look at and what we concentrate is what fits us both large and small, what are – is unique synergies to us and making sure that we buy it for the right price and then we integrate it, so it's both.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then, also as we think about 2017 and the potential for DOT work to benefit from the FAST Act. Is there anything we should be aware of in terms of whether pricing on that work is lower or maybe the incremental margin opportunity on that work is less, maybe just some color on that would be helpful?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think that the impact of DOT spending both state and federal coming to fruition, and shipments will only help pricing.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And of course, not just – we'd always encourage you to focus – you and anybody, not just to focus on pricing, but overall margin performance. And that volume, that mix, that's good for our overall balance of price. The operating efficiencies, product mix, let's just say, we're looking forward to it.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, guys.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Hey, Timna.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: These should be fairly quick. We've talked about a lot of these topics, but I just wanted to touch on 2017 because some of the independent forecast for non-residential construction have been tapering their enthusiasm into 2017. So is that just maybe excess enthusiasm on their part or is there something that you might be able to help us understand about tapering in 2017 activity, whether that be some of the big projects rolling off or anything else?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Timna, honestly, we haven't given any guidance for 2017. So just with that qualification first, I think where we come back to in case it's helpful is what we see if you will on the ground. And the momentum that we're seeing overall as it relates to private construction and private non-res is – is largely unchanged. I mean, there are going to be specific geographic markets, for example, Houston, that with layoffs, et cetera, we keep an eye on. But in total, we still like the momentum we see, the breadth of the recovery, the breadth of the end markets, the higher levels of small commercial work that we see. So from our kind of humble on the ground view, the death of non-res has been announced prematurely.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think on the housing piece, the housing recovery still remains pretty modest compared to historical cycles. And most forecasters would expect it to continue to gain steam, so – and non-res will follow that.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And the large project pipeline we have seen as it relates to larger industrial projects, still largely unchanged. So, again, we obviously keep a close eye on it. We haven't – we're ways away from anything that we consider 2017 guidance in our part. But what we do see, and we've talked about more for 2017 also, is just the beginning of the increase in public construction beginning to kick in, strengthening public demand, and we're kind of getting to the point in the cycle where that's beginning to kick in a bit more also.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. The other question is about your high quality problem which is a very low dividend yield. And I understand that you just doubled your dividend, but I was just wondering if you could talk around the way you think about it philosophically, and is there a target yield, is there something that drives the way your board thinks about the dividend or the right level of it?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Sure. I'll start. I think you're right, a high quality problem to have. First, we're focused again on balancing re-investment in the business, investment in growth, including the M&A opportunities that Tom discussed, and ongoing return on capital to shareholders. We think we have the financial flexibility and strength to balance those goals over time. We do not have a target dividend yield. And it's really a board decision as to revisit it, of course, periodically. We do think of it in the context of overall return of capital to shareholders and balancing those other objectives very much including growth. But we do not have a target dividend yield. We do expect our payout ratio over time will be roughly consistent with companies of our credit rating and size.
Timna Beth Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. You don't have any more notes due until 2018, so how would you characterize the use of cash flow the next couple of years between acquisitions, debt pay-down and share repurchase?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Our capital allocation and cash usage priorities have really remained unchanged from prior communications. So just to briefly echo some of those, one, we have intentionally managed our balance sheet so that we have the kind of flexibility that you just mentioned. We will make the appropriate operating capital investments back in the business to maintain the value of our franchise. We do not expect to need to use cash to pay down debt. Obviously, we don't have maturities due in the near term, but we're comfortable with our current level of debt. We will continue to pursue growth opportunities aggressively, whether those are M&A related or, as we mentioned in our release and in our comments, whether they are internally driven growth opportunities, investments in new railyards, new quarry sites, the kind of things that we would do internally. We have several opportunities there. We – to the point the question just asked on the dividend, we would expect the dividend to grow roughly in line with our earnings for a while. We're very focused on the sustainability of that dividend throughout the entire cycle. And then as we said before, we will be opportunistic as we go forward and potentially using share repurchases or other means to return any excess cash to shareholders after those other priorities.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: In acquisitions, would those be in the current footprint, or are you willing to look outside the current footprint for the right opportunity?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: To answer your question, both, and we've done both. Some of our highest returns on capital are the bolt-ons because they complement your existing operations and they defend some of your existing – the operations. But we'll look outside of our footprint. I mean, we just did that with New Mexico over the last 18 months. But I think would we go outside our footprint, we would want to go in as a number one or number two producer, or a path to be number one or number two. So – but to answer your question, it's both.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Mike F. Betts - Jefferies International Ltd.: Thank you very much. I'd like to come back on the cost question please. And looking at the $0.68 per ton saving in Q1, I think that equates to about $27 million. You've kindly explained diesel's saving of $5 million or $6 million, and I think the R&M was an offset of about $3 million. So, I'm still missing a big number there, sort of $24 million, $25 million. Is that all operating leverage because the volume growth was so high or is there anything else there? That's kind of my first question. My second question, when we're looking at the full year in terms of costs, you highlighted the trailing 12-month flat cost. Is that a pretty decent assumption to make for the full year? Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that to start with your first question, I think it's a combination of operating leverages and improved volumes and operating efficiencies on the variable side. So, it's a combination of both of them. There is a lot of volume leverage in that, but it's a combination of the two.
Mike F. Betts - Jefferies International Ltd.: Are there any one-offs in there?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: (50:19).
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think one of the things, timing of stripping, Mike, I would say maybe had some benefit of it that will – that's always comes in, get some stars, but it's not a whole lot.
Mike F. Betts - Jefferies International Ltd.: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And, Mike, for the full-year outlook, we'll see. We're very focused, as Tom mentioned, on continuing to drive these operating efficiencies to control what we can control, to use Tom's words, and to leverage our cost of sales where we can. We'll see how it come out. There are a lot of moving pieces in the business like ours, but it's something we're very, very focused on.
Mike F. Betts - Jefferies International Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. Question back on the cost side, at what point do you start to add more and more shifts, is this kind of more later in this year or into next year, and – or maybe think about it, can you meet the 9% sort of same-store sales growth on the existing head count maybe running a little bit of over time? Just, how do we think about adding shift work on a go-forward basis?
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, I wish we were running two shifts everywhere. I'm a little operator guy. And that – that's – life is good if that happens. I think that – but it's on a market-by-market, plant-by-plant basis. So for example, you've got – if you go to Texas, you've got plants that are running two shifts already. You go to some markets in our some of our Atlanta operations, they're running – they're not even running full shifts. So, it's such a local business and that is market-by-market. So there's not a broad-based statement. But I don't – overall, we'll do that a little bit at a time, but we're nowhere close in most markets to adding shifts. It's really adding hours or even adding a full shift on a – a full shift on a full plant, but we would love to have those problems.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's great news.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: We also, Stanley, back to Mike's point, we're probably getting – with the breadth of the recovery, we're probably getting to a point where we have enough volume and more of our key facilities to begin to realize a little more operating leverage, leverage and fixed cost. Now, we're long ways away, and Tom, we discussed it from many kind of operating sweet spot, and we're even further away from production capacity. But one of the benefits to us of getting more volume and more places is that it helps on the fixed cost leverage.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. And on the growth CapEx piece, I think it was like $125 million for Savannah and for the ships. I imagine the cost realization is pretty immediate when all this starts to flow through. But how should we think about that? Does that pick up more into next year, or is that even kind of more into – closer to 2018 when you start to see the cost savings from these investments really start to come through?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: I'll break it into two pieces for you. Think about – of the $275 million of operating and maintenance CapEx, for many of those investments, we begin to see operating efficiencies pretty darn quick if we are improving or right-sizing mobile equipment fleet, if we're replacing screens or otherwise improving our production processes at a plant level. We try and work those as best we can to have pretty quick return periods on those investments. For the $125 million, for the course of the year that we may spend on growth-related PP&E, it's really going to depend on the nature of the investment. These aren't long-term payoff things. These aren't things where you invest one year and you get the benefit 10 years down the road. But it's highly variable whether it's a new railyard or incremental reserve capacity at a quarry or whether it's a new ship, so it's hard to say on the growth capital.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: No. Fair enough. Great, guys, and congratulations.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Hill for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Thomas Hill - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company, and we look forward to speaking with you throughout the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Warren - Director-Investor Relations Tom Hill - President and Chief Executive Officer John McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer
Analysts: Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Trey Grooms - Stephens Stephen Kim - Barclays Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Group Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Ted Grace - Susquehanna Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs James Armstrong - Vertical Research Stanley Elliott - Stifel Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Mike Betts - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Bridgette and I will be your conference call coordinator today. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And now I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, Bridgette. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. To facilitate our discussion today, we have made available during this webcast and on our website supplemental information. Rather than walkthrough each slide as we've done in past calls, Tom and John will summarize the highlights of our fourth quarter results and outlook for 2016. We believe this approach will assist your analysis and will allow more time to respond to your questions. With that said, please be reminded that comments regarding the company's results and projections may include forward looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, including general economic and business conditions, the timing and amount of federal, state, and local funding for infrastructure and the highly competitive nature of the construction materials industry. These and other risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's SEC reports including our earnings release and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of the supplemental presentation. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Vulcan's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom?
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank you all for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call. I hope you have had time to review our earnings release and the supplemental information posted earlier today on our website. As Mark mentioned, John and I will summarize the highlights of our fourth quarter results and the outlook for 2016. Then, we will be happy to take your questions. We remain highly focused on the fundamentals of our business at Vulcan, on the clear opportunities in front of us. Regardless of recent concerns that have swept through global securities markets, we are focused on the things that we control and on our improving profitability. We have made a lot of progress over the last year and we have a good report for you today. Aggregates volumes are up nicely, pricing is positive, our gross profit per ton numbers continue to be really impressive. We are controlling our cost. But first, I would like to start the conversation by making three basic points. Number one, we finished the year strong. Our teams companywide are executing our aggregate focus strategy extremely well. Second, I assure you that we will sustain this focus into 2016. We believe these efforts will result in more than $1 billion in adjusted EBIDTA this year. Circumstances obviously vary across our geographical footprint, but the gradual recovery and demand continues in each of our end-use segments. Third, our performance throughout 2015 as we continue to move through the early stages of construction recovery, demonstrated clear and steady progress towards the longer-range goals and the expectations we put forth at our investor day last year. With very few exceptions, construction activity in the markets we serve still remains well below long-term trends. However, we are positioned for multiple years of double-digit revenue growth with strong conversion of those incremental sales to gross profit. Now, I would like to go a little deeper into our fourth quarter and full year results. John will then hit the highlights of our 2016 outlook and I will conclude with some observations of our path forward. Let me say up front, I am pleased with how we finished 2015. Our mindset at Vulcan is that we can always improve and we work hard on getting better all the time in every aspect of the business. Shipments were strong in the fourth quarter whenever and wherever the weather cooperated. As we noted in our third quarter call, many of our customers have seen their backlogs grow as demand continues to pick up and as they face capacity constraints. We saw higher level of shipments on weekends and many of our customers were beginning to keep their crews on as long as the weather allowed. Those trends held up through the fourth quarter. Firming demand and reasonably dry weather in California and Florida contributed to year-over-year shipment growth exceeding 15% in those states. Shipments in Georgia grew by 22% despite wet weather. On the other hand, shipments increased in the low-single digits in Texas. This was due to extremely wet weather in October and November. The underlying shipment trends in each of these states continue to be good. In total, same store shipments for the quarter were up more than 8% in our aggregate segment, 4% percent in our asphalt segment, and 2% in our concrete segment. For the year, we shipped 178 million tons of aggregates. This is slightly above our midyear forecast of 177 million tons. And an increase of about 10% over 2014's shipments. All in all, this was a very solid year of volume growth. Remember this is from an asset base that has delivered aggregate shipments of approximately 300 million tons. As we talked about before, we are still early in the recovery towards 255 million tons, which we believe represents a more normal mid-cycle level of shipments. We have a broad base of demand both in terms of geography and end-use markets. We see each of our end-use markets continuing to grow. Some of our Texas markets are at the upper end of the spectrum of normalized demand, having enjoyed extremely strong growth. Most of our markets, however, are still well below normal demand and it should enjoy steady growth for years to come. We are seeing good growth on both coast with still a lot of upside. Other individual markets in the Central United States, such as Nashville, Knoxville and Chattanooga are also continuing to strengthen. When you put it all together, the longer term shipment trends we focus on continue to look good across most of our markets. Regarding pricing, we continue to experience a positive pricing environment in most of our markets. This is a result of three factors. First, we've invested substantial capital in the business to serve our customers and need to earn a fair return. Second, we continue to see increasing customer confidence in the recovery. And third, the construction industry is increasingly focused on improving returns on capital as volumes remain well below normal levels. Overall, freight-adjusted average sales price for aggregates increased 11% on a same-store basis or $1.18 per ton compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. In the quarter, we estimate $0.15 per ton held from product and geographic mix. For the full year, average selling prices increased 7%. Now, I would like to make a few remarks regarding our customer service and cost control levers. Throughout the quarter our teams did an excellent job meeting our customers’ needs, including tight deadlines and complex demands on big projects both safely and efficiently. During the quarter, we saw improvement in repair and maintenance costs and overtime labor costs. This improvement contributes to our strong finish for the year. Costs during the first three quarters of 2015 have begun to rise as increasing volumes required us to run our plants longer. This led to more repairs and higher spending on parts and supplies and associated labor. Now, I said in our last call, we are very focused on improving these costs and we are beginning to see these improvements in September. The improvements continue and I am proud of our operating people for the work they have done here. We remain intensely focused on managing these costs efficiently balancing the factors affecting production quality, service, and cost. Still a clear picture comes with a longer term view, for the year, our unit cost of sales in Aggregates declined slightly as our employees remained focus on continuous improvement. We got better at controlling costs as the year progressed. We also saw reduced expenditures as diesel cost declined. Setting aside external forces, our strong emphasis on cost control near-term and longer-term will not change. Overall I am pleased with the progress we have made with our execution and our focus. We continue to focus on customer service, employee development, cost control, and our safety performance. We saw marked improvement in our safety performance in the fourth quarter. Let me emphasize, this is a continuous improvement track, a process of working to get better every day. We have made good progress but there is still more to be done. A strong example of the progress we have made is the outstanding job our teams did converting incremental revenue into incremental gross profit. Flow-through in the quarter was 89% on a same-store basis, obviously strong result. But better look at it on a trailing 12-month basis where it was 77%, well ahead of the 60% threshold we target longer-term. Our unit profitability in Aggregates continues to improve. Something our employees work hard on and can be very proud of. Gross profit margin on a same-store basis increased 38% in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year's quarter. Unit gross profit margin was $5.38 per ton. This marks 12 consecutive quarters of expanding unit margin. We will continue this trend on a trailing 12-month basis unit margin increased by 29% to $4.38 per ton. Now there is a slide you have seen before, slide number 11. That covers this. And I would like to call your attention to it because it's impressive. Here you will see that for the trailing 12-months, we shipped 178 million tons, 38 million tons more than the year prior to the start of the recovery. Aggregates segment gross profit for the year was $756 million or $398 million ahead of the 12 months before the recovery began. So on 38 million tons of improvement, we have delivered almost $400 million in incremental segment gross profit. Gross profit per ton has increased $1.69 or 66% during this period. A 27% increase in shipments has been converted into an increase in gross profit in excess of 100%.  Looking at 2015 as a whole, you can clearly see the benefits of our aggregate focused strategy. We have the assets and capabilities in place to service our customers. We have the focused execution to drive profitability and we have a very strong platform for continuing growth. With that, I will turn the call over to John for additional comments on our earnings performance and outlook for the remainder of the year. John?
John McPherson: Thanks, Tom and good morning to everyone. So, Tom just highlighted and as you've seen in our release we had a strong finish to a strong year. A year with same-store Aggregates shipments up 7%, Aggregates pricing up 7%, strong conversion of that incremental revenue into incremental gross profit, improved material margins in our asphalt and concrete businesses, and continued leveraging of SAG to revenues. We expect to see much of the same in 2016, another year of continuous compounding improvement in our execution and in our results. To complement the information shared in our release, I will first offer a few comments regarding the demand environment, then outline our performance expectations for the year and briefly note our plans for capital allocation. As Tom said, we see a broadening recovery and demand across each of our end use segments and across most of our geographic footprint. In total, we see demand across the markets we serve growing approximately 7% with some upside potential based on the rate at which rising DOT budgets and public infrastructure funding converts into active construction projects and material shipment. We project private demand in the markets we serve to grow approximately 10% year-over-year, supported by growth in both residential and non-residential activity. We see continued double-digit growth in residential construction across our footprint with non-residential construction continuing to expand albeit at a slower pace than 2015. Although certain measures of private non-residential construction suggested some decline in the second half of the year, our on the ground view indicates continued solid growth. And importantly, employment data and other macroeconomic and demographic factors further signal a sustained recovery in private demand across our markets. Much has been made about the potential impact of lower oil prices and we continue to monitor trends in private construction activity in markets such as Houston. But to date we have not seen a materially negative impact when looking at our portfolio as a whole. I will now turn to public demand where we see 2016 being something of a transition year and in a positive way. Across our markets, we expect demand growth tied to public construction of approximately 5%. Longer-term visibility with respect to public demand has improved markedly with the passage of the federal Highway bill, state-level funding initiatives and record levels of local tax receipts. In addition, the public construction share of tax receipts remains at 20-year lows and at ultimately unsustainable levels. This shift to higher levels of total public funding combined with greater visibility should allow for a higher percentage of new construction in the mix, which bodes well for our materials demand and in our case product balance. All of this is good. But at this point, we don't see the full benefit of these trends impacting our volumes until 2017 and beyond. We will monitor the lag between DOT budgets rising and a commensurate increase in product activity throughout the year. But to be clear, rising public construction activity is beginning to kick in with the question being at what pace? Finally, we continue to see the overall rate of recovery in many markets constrained by construction labor shortages and other bottlenecks in the total construction supply chain. Although the situation can inhibit the overall rate of shipment growth in the near-term and lengthen the time required to return to normalized levels, it does provide further support for disciplined increases in pricing, margins and ultimately returns on capital.  So against this backdrop of approximately 7% total demand growth in 2016, what do we expect to deliver in terms of financial results? As we've stated, our 2016 guidance is for between $1 billion and $1.1 billion in adjusted EBIDTA and approximately 25% increase over 2015. We don't give quarterly guidance as you know and we encourage investors to consider longer-term trends in addition to quarter-to-quarter results. I will now comment on certain of the factors and assumptions underpinning our annual guidance. You should consider these figures to be mid-points of current Management expectations and keep in mind that our results vary widely across the individual markets we serve. Starting with aggregate shipments, we're projecting a total of 191 million tons or an increase of 7% over the prior year. On the geographic basis, we expect the growth in 2016 to be relatively widespread with higher rates in markets such as Arizona, Florida, Georgia and Southern California offsetting lower than average rates in markets such as Texas where we see continued growth but at a slower rate than the Company as a whole and Illinois where we project a small decline in year-over-year shipments. And as with 2015, we may see a greater share of shipments occur in the second half of the year in part due to the impact of El Niño weather on our Western States and in part due to the expected flow of large project activity throughout the year. Again as Tom noted, the overall pricing climate for our materials remains positive and constructive. We're entering the year with good momentum and we currently expect freight adjusted average selling prices for aggregates to increase 7% in 2016 in line with the increase seen in 2015. Please keep in mind that pricing decisions in our business are made locally with wide variances by product type angiography. Our local teams will continue to balance pricing, customer service, operating efficiencies, and the overall sales and production mix all with an eye toward improving total unit margins and earning a fair return on capital employed. These shipment and pricing expectations of course suggest mid-double digit growth in freight adjusted revenues for the aggregate segment. We expect to continue converting these incremental revenues into incremental gross profit at a 60% or higher rate. Consistent with this view, we expect gross profit in the segment to increase by approximately 25% year-over-year. And we expect to realize continued improvements in our per ton margins. We also expect to see continued profit improvement in our asphalt and concrete segments following on the strong gains posted in 2015. We currently project gross profit for these segments combined to increase approximately 20% in 2016. These operations are well positioned to benefit from the continued recovery and demand due to improvements to our asset portfolio, as well as our internal operating proficiencies. Our current forecast for SAG is 295 million, approximately 3% growth over 2016. We plan to continue to leverage SAG to sales even as we make important investments in our sales and customer service capabilities. Administrative headcount should remain essentially flat year-over-year. So to recap, we expect to see in 2016 much the same of what you've seen in a very positive 2015. As well as through the entire early stage of recovery so far. Our people at all levels of the organization are focused on helping our customers grow, controlling what they can control and driving continuously improve results for our shareholders and other stakeholders. Now, I will conclude with some brief remarks regarding capital allocation. Our aggregate centric strategy and the way we manage it day by day is geared toward generating significant amounts of pre-cash flow even in periods of depressed demand. That's by design as you’d expect and we give it a great deal of focus. Our priorities for allocating that cash flow and managing the inherent cyclicality of our business has not changed from those we've outlined at different times over the core course of the last year or so. In short, we intend to balance three objectives; reinvesting in the business for productivity and growth, maintaining adequate financial strength and flexibility, and a disciplined return of capital to shareholders. With respect to reinvestment, I will note that we plan to allocate approximately $275 million of cash this year to what we call core CapEx. That is reinvestment to sustain and improve the performance and productivity of our current operations. In addition, we expect to invest a meaningful amount in growth whether in the form of acquisitions, or the internal development of new production and distribution capacity. With respect to financial strength, and flexibility I will note that our debt-to-EBITDAR ratio is lower than 2.4 times. Refinancing activities during 2015 extended our decorations, while lowering our rated average interest rate. We do not expect to use cash in the near-term to lower our total debt of approximately $2 billion. Rather we have the financing capacity and the liquidity needed to fund smart reinvestments in growth such as those I just mentioned. And we intend to maintain that flexibility throughout the cycle. Finally, we expect the amount of capital returned to shareholders to increase as the recovery moves forward. As noted previously, we expect the dividend to grow roughly in line with earnings during the recovery phase of the cycle. We also expect to use opportunistic share repurchase to return additional capital over time. With that I will hand the call back to Tom.
Tom Hill: Think you John. You've heard me talk about the strong year we had and the things we consistently focus on to deliver superior results. Ours is a long term business. We set long-range goals and work hard to get where we think we can be given our world class assets and people. We are pleased with our 2015 results and the way we are positioned for future success. We've made clear progress towards the goals that we set forth in our Investor Day last February and are very much on track. We’re on track to achieve $2 billion in EBIDTA at normal levels of demand. We’re on track moving steadily towards a normalized demand level of 255 million tons per year of Vulcan aggregates. We’re on track for continuing gradual recovery in each major end market and in most of our geographies. We now have a fully funded long-term Highway bill and we are very pleased to see healthy increases in state and local funding for highways and other public construction. We continue to anticipate aggregate segment cash gross profit at normal demand in the range of $8.25 per ton. This will be the result of solid sales execution, continued growth weighted towards our more profitable geographies, pricing fundamentals that continue to strengthen, and consistently strong incremental margins. At normal demand levels we also see greater profitability in our non-aggregate segment in the range of $175 million. Here we benefit from continuing operating discipline and improvements. The strength in portfolio that came with our asset swap in 2015 and improving materials margins. We also remain on track with SAG costs moving towards 6% as a percent of sales. SAG as a percent of revenue declined 70 basis points in 2015. We intend to further leverage SAG to sales growth. As we look forward we believe that we are well positioned for several years of double-digit topline growth, with strong conversion to the bottom line. No matter how you look at this, I am pleased to tell you that we are executing well and that is the watchword of our people. Execute, execute, execute. Control your own destiny and finish strong. I’m very proud of our people and the good work they are doing. I can promise you that we are all committed to making a good Company better every day. We are excited about where we are today and we are even more excited about where this Company is going. Now if the operator will give the required instructions we will be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners: Good morning, guys.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Timna.
Timna Tanners: Thanks for all that great detail. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color around what would comprise the range of your guidance. So, if you could speak a little bit about volumes and how much that might include deferred tons from last year's weather and talk a little bit more about color regarding Texas that would be great?
John McPherson: I don't think - when it comes to deferred tons in the fourth quarter, maybe a little bit. But as you heard us talk about our customers and the sense of urgency, when the sun came out, when they are ready to work, whether it was weekends or evenings, they pushed a lot of work through. So, if there may be a little bit, but probably not a lot of deferred work from 2015 into 2016. Your second question was about Texas. I think that how we would look at Texas is obviously it's a very big state with multiple markets and multiple market dynamics. So, kind of breaking that down a little bit, Dallas, Fort Worth, San Antonio, West Texas all have very healthy demand growth that we think will flow into 2016. Houston and some of the coastal markets may have some softening in the private side, but overall I think that when you look at Texas it's still growing.
Timna Tanners: Okay, great. And the only other one for me if I could is, if you could talk us, give us an update on what you're seeing in terms of M&A opportunities in general and how receptive are the mom-and-pop's right now or do you think, new job geographies or kind of where you have been expanding recently as your focus.
John McPherson: I think, we continue to see opportunities for attractive acquisitions. The timing of that is always an unknown or question mark, just because when people decide they want to sell. I think the key piece of that is discipline - being disciplined in we buy, what we pay for and being very disciplined about how we integrate it into the Vulcan family. And we also have to be very disciplined and clear about the synergies that are unique to Vulcan and how we leverage them.
Tom Hill: Timna and John, I just a couple I could add on your question, first just to be clear our outlook for 2016 does not include the impact of any new M&A. It includes the impact of transactions already done, but not any new M&A. And if you're looking for things that could be kind of swing factors and volume, one we have called out as again how quickly this higher level of public funding for construction converts into actual shipments for us. That can be a little bit difficult to predict and so I think that's a swing factor we look at during the year. And apart from a lot of the attention Texas gets I guess we would just also note that for us we see a very much broadening of demand across our markets. Our demand growth in 2016 is really driven not by just any single state story. It's really driven by the entire portfolio and we think that's healthy for us, we’re excited about it.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thank you so much.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Bob Wetenhall: Congratulations on a very nice finish two the year. I was hoping you guys could give a little bit of color, your incremental gross profit margin was off the chart, well ahead of what we are expecting, can you give us a little idea of how to think about that. Obviously you've got some terrific price, but you also called out mix. And then you mentioned there is aggressive cost control on repairs and maintenance and also a tailwind from oil. I just wanted to get a better framework for thinking about this and the likelihood of this persisting into 2016.
John McPherson: Bob it's John, I will start. As we always do we would focus here on the 12-month number not just a single quarter number. We think it gives you a good read. So, I would encourage you to look at the 77 for the year as a more meaningful number than any individual quarter. And we just think that's a better way to look at the business given the timing of how varies revenues and costs can flow quarter-to-quarter. Now if you, you may have already done the math, but you will see that our outlook for 2016 implies a flow-through rate that's above the 60% threshold that we see as a long-term number, but it's below the 77 that we did in 2015. A couple things we think about as we look at next year, one is that we expect to have higher stripping cost as we prepare for future growth. And those are items that are expensed in the current year, but they really prepare us for growth over multiple years. That's a bit of a factor we are considering in our 2016 outlook. And we are also keeping an eye on what happens with diesel prices throughout the year. So, we continue to believe that 60% is a very good long-term number. We expect to see something north of that in 2016, but I would also tell you and I'm sure Tom will echo this, we’re really confident and pleased with how our teams are executed because that’s really where the rubber meets the road in our business. Our local teams are doing a fantastic job and we expect that execution strength to continue into the New Year.
Bob Wetenhall: That's really helpful. I wanted to ask on slide 9, you had pointed out on the large improvement that you are getting in gross profit per ton. I wanted to see what you're kind of expecting working gross profit per ton climbed to the end of 2016 and what are your assumptions for the non-aggregates business in terms of volume growth. You laid out that 7% number for core aggregates. I just wanted to see your thinking on the non-aggregate businesses in terms of volume trends. Thanks and good luck.
Tom Hill: I will handle the non-aggregates. I think that if we look at asphalt, we look at volumes probably up in the high single-digit, low double-digit range. Concrete same kind of range. And I think we have with both of those, both concrete and asphalt we have a very good, like aggregates we have a very healthy pricing and margin environment with rising customer confidence and demand growth.
John McPherson: Bob, one more thing on the asphalt and concrete business before getting to aggregates profits. Keep in mind the asphalt business over time is really well expose if you will to increases in public funding, across many states. And so while the short term margin structure for asphalt can fluctuate, long-term returns on capital can be very stable and very attractive. Again tied to public funding, a little bit more on balance. To your point on aggregate margins per ton, first I will draw your attention to the longer term as kind of how we think about the business. As you heard Tom say, we think we’re very much on track with the longer term outlook we put out at our Investor Day a year ago, which would imply on a cash basis per ton margins north of $8. And if you look and see what's happening in pricing, if you look and see what's happening in our operating leverage, if you look at our results so far through the recovery, we are at least on track with our long-term goal. I want to draw your attention to that because that's really how we think about it. In the shorter term for 2016, we continue to expect margins per ton to increase faster than the rate of pricing. So the year-over-year increase might be around 20% roughly maybe slightly below that. And again that ties back to a flow-through that is above the long-term 60% threshold, but a little bit below last year. So, we think it's a reasonable expectation, something we’re confident our teams can deliver.
Bob Wetenhall: And if I could just sneak one in, on asphalt pricing it looks like it's breaking away from the positive trends in aggregates and concrete, how should we think about that into the end of the year?
Tom Hill: We experienced a very good year in asphalt in 2015. Our people will continue to do an excellent job of quality and service and provide value for our customers. Like stone, as I said earlier there is a really healthy pricing and margin story when it comes to customer confidence, backlogs, people have a vision particularly with the highway bill and asphalt. So, I think our folks are doing an excellent job of managing cost, material margins, while at the same time creating value for our customers. We would tell you and it's really hard to look at just price and asphalt, you really need to look at margin because of the fluctuations in materials cost, but we would plan to expand our unit margins in asphalt slightly of 2016 over 2015.
Bob Wetenhall: Great quarter, good luck. Thank you.
John McPherson: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms: Good morning.
John McPherson: Good morning, Trey.
Trey Grooms: Great year.
John McPherson: Thank you.
Trey Grooms: My question I guess would be around pricing. Can you talk about geographically where you guys are seeing higher pricing relative to, or price increases I should say relative to some markets may be that aren't as strong from a price increase standpoint. I know you said that most of your markets realize solid price improvement, but any color you can give us geographically on that?
John McPherson: I think, I would answer this way where we've seen the recovery more mature, those markets in general tend to be having a higher price increases and it's all about the environment, but across the footprint, we see good pricing environment with rising demand. The entire construction materials sector whether that's contracting asphalt, concrete, is seeing improvements in margin. I think people are really pressing that. And you've got customer confidence and good vision of what's going to happen. That vision is really helped by the federal Highway bill that passed. People know they've got five years offending. States know they've got five years of funding. So, I think as you see that that can only help the pricing environment. Our folks are working hard to improve the value that we bring to our customers. But overall, where we've seen the recovery a little more mature, we see better pricing environment.
Trey Grooms: Alright that makes sense. Thanks for that. As a follow up, how should we be thinking about the favorable product and geographic mix that we saw on pricing. I think you pointed out it was about $0.15 positive impact. Is that kind of a one-time benefit, I know it's not one time, but I guess the question is should we be expecting a similar type benefit as we look into the coming quarters and into 2016 being a favorable geographic and product mix.
John McPherson: Driving in the quarter some of that $0.15 was a one-time event and an example would be some very high-value product we shipped in South Carolina associated with some flood control. So, some of that we call out is a little bit one time. But what I would underscore is that even if you take that out our pricing for the year, the pricing trend we are on was actually still, a good bit above the 7% we had laid out for the year particularly on a same-store basis. So, I would think about the trend going into the next year, the momentum for next year on a percentage basis it's more like 7 plus as opposed to 11. Just because [indiscernible] period-to-period. Let me underscore one more thing, there is no deceleration happening on pricing. The environment is still positive construction and so what I would tell you is we have 7% in 2015, we expect 7% in 2016, we are entering the year we go momentum we have a lot of visibility to it and it is a pretty strong story.
Trey Grooms: Just one more from me on the outlook for private is up 10% and I think you guys said res being up double-digit. I think that implies still some pretty healthy growth in your outlook for non-res. Specifically what do you guys see and that gives you guys confidence that the non-res market is going to continue to improve with that kind a clip and also if you could give us any idea of what your mix is in heavy commercial versus or heavy non-res versus light in your non-res exposure would be great?
Tom Hill: I will start. I think we see and you said it steady growth in the non-residential sector included and embedded in our service is mid-single digit growth in non-residential. And while we've gotten some mixed singles, we've all got mixed signals about non-res construction with leading indicators, our outlook is very consistent with what we're hearing from our customers, with what we're seeing on the ground and what we experience day in and day out. So, I think we are quite confident in our non-residential forecast and it’s steady. You said it best it’s steady growth.
Trey Grooms: Alright, thanks a lot guys, I really appreciate you taking my questions.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line Stephen Kim with Barclays.
Stephen Kim: Yeah, I wanted to see if we could talk a little bit just about your, whether you saw a strengthening relative to your expectations really kind of at the end of the quarter, at the end of Q3 for example, you didn't really narrow your guidance range and it came in above the high-end and if you set step back and see how things trended over the course of the quarter, is it true that things really exceeded your expectations at the end of the quarter and where would you say the greatest source of upside surprise was?
John McPherson: I will start. I think a lot of it had to do with great execution by our people, frankly. So, weather helped in a couple of markets. You saw that in the volumes, but overall weather was kind of a mixed bag in the quarter. Really, really wet and really, really warm. So, I think what we saw on the demand-side lot of what we would have expected, which is shipment patterns consistent with this continuing recovery and you heard Tom say when people are able to get work done, they did the work. But internally, the organization execution on pricing and margin management and cost controls in the quarter was excellent. And reflected strong performance throughout the year. We had challenged our people, Tom had challenged our people to finish strong and they did so. I don’t think you see that reflected in our results.
Tom Hill: I would echo what John said, our folks are really focused on executing and finishing and they did that. I think what you also see is, we talked about this a lot that sense of urgency out in the overall construction industry and they are focused on execution and they finish the year strong and with a sense of urgency because they got work behind it going into 2016. So, they need to finish despite inclement weather at times.
Stephen Kim: Got it. That helps. Thanks very much for that. Now, I think you, from what I can gather from your comment on capital allocation it didn't sound like you were looking to - you were not including share repurchases in your guide, or in your outlook, I’m just curious have you bought any shares back so far this year, that's basically the main question I had.
John McPherson: Well, obviously we haven't bought any shares back this year because we are still in the blackout period until today. So, you'll see in our financial statement the reflection of shares we purchased for the end of last year before the blackout purchase ended, fairly modest amount. I might well repeat what we've said many times, which is in the context of our overall capital allocation priorities, which of course include reinvesting for growth, include financial flexibility and include returning capital to shareholders. Within that context, we would expect over time to have some, when we call it opportunistic share repurchase. Complements the dividend, which we also expect to growth earnings and we will report on that of course every quarter.
Stephen Kim: So you don't have a 10b5 plan in place?
John McPherson: No. Not yet.
Stephen Kim: Okay John. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thanks for taking my questions today.
John McPherson: Hi Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson: I have to apologize we had our power knocked out due to construction jobs in the Nashville area.
John McPherson: We like construction in the Nashville area. Sorry about your power.
Kathryn Thompson: It is what it is. It is more on the policy side, in your opinion when you look at that 22% growth in Georgia volumes how much of that was a assumption was normal weather versus seeing an early impact, the passage of [indiscernible] just from our numbers it adds an estimated $750 million fiscal 2016 and $820 million in fiscal 2017 in terms of incremental transportation revenues. Yes the reason we are getting in field is that yes there was certainly weather impact, but how much is with that volume also driven just by the passage of that bill?
Tom Hill: I will start with the weather in that I think it was - it's a little confusing because it was extremely wet in Georgia. Yet it was extremely warm. So, we got help with the warm weather, but got really - the wet weather should have hurt us. I think it goes back to the thing we keep talking about is that we had a number of large projects that there was a sense of urgency of when they could work they went to work. In fact would that sometimes use more rock because you've got to get out of the mud. I think that there is overall in Georgia, there is really solid underlying demand growth in all market segments. In every one of them and it's really healthy. I do not think that the increased highway funding in Georgia has started yet. In fact usually that takes 18 months to 24 months to flow through. Georgia is trying to accelerate that in fact as John talked about earlier, you could see more of that in 2016 then would be normal possibly but they've got to get that out there. But to answer your question, it is the impact of really solid underlying demand growth in all market segments not the improvement in the highway funding.
Tom Hill: Not yet because we share your view and longer-term enthusiasm with respect to the funding changes in Georgia. They were very long overdue. So we absolutely agree it’s just not yet. I think what you're seeing now has been a long building improvement and a lot of private construction in Atlanta which Kathryn as you will know is one of the most depressed of all of the markets in which we operated in. We have a fantastic position and team in Georgia and so we're really excited about the outlook there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So in another words, a 75% to 80% increase in state funding [indiscernible] (50:16) haven’t been really – there really is no impact yet for volumes?
Tom Hill: I don't think you were seeing that yet in the fourth quarter, maybe a teeny bit and we’ll keep an eye on how much we see in 2016.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois: Congratulations. A couple questions on pricing if I could. Your run rate exiting above the 7% average for 2015 and above the guidance for 2016. Just wondering why - just given the strength and pricing that we saw in the back half of the year, why wouldn't we automatically assume that the pricing guidance is conservative and John I think you alluded that it's a 7% plus view but what would take for pricing to trend maybe towards the low end of your internal expectations?
John McPherson: I will start, Garik. If trying to trend towards the low-end, per se we feel like we have very pretty good visibility on pricing side. Pricing in our business Garik as you know is a function of literally thousands of decisions made throughout the course of the year. So it's a little bit inherently harder to predict. I think if we were going to trend towards the lower end, unless something unforeseen happens, to some degree it would be a function of geographic or product mix. Some shift in that but we just don't see right now. But I would echo as Tom said, the conditions for that kind of pricing increase would seem to be in place. And therefore it’s included in our guidance.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And then I guess you're not expecting much in the way of a big step up in DOT funding to benefit 2016 demand, it sounds like a 2017 benefit. But in the case there is some demand that comes through in the second half of 2016 from some new large infrastructure projects. Conceptually can help us understand how that might impact pricing if your business mix ends up skewing towards the start of new big Highway work?
Tom Hill: Couple of things. First of all, I think we do have increased funding in - DOT funding in 2016 maybe not Georgia or a lot of the – some Georgia but you've got a number of states that have huge increases in DOT funding that we have built in the 2016. Texas is one, they're going from 6.1 billion to 9.8 billion. Florida goes up substantially. We've got six or seven states that have already passed increased funding that will flow through in 2016. The big impacts on the Highway bill and as funding increases, we need to take another step in 2017 coupled with the state DOTs will start letting larger jobs with the visibility of having long-term funding. So as far as pricing is concerned, I think as it does flow through, it will be a mix of work on the job obviously asphalt prices tend to be the high in the spectrum basis low but I think it could possibly help prices but I probably tell it would probably be pretty neutral.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks.
John McPherson: Garik if history is in a guide, it should be positive for margins and overall returns. And again it's one more reason we keep getting people focused on the margin per ton line and not just the price line.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Makes sense.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys, congrats on the great quarter.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
John McPherson: Thanks, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: You guys start off a discussion saying you’re surprised of skeptical people are about the construction recovery. And then when you talk about double-digit revenue growth for multiple years, I mean that's something I would expect people to try to poke holes into. What would give you confidence in saying that about years beyond 2016?
Tom Hill: I think Adam one of the things that's been a real game changer for this is the passage of a long-term Highway bill and the passage in multiple states for long-term substantially increased funding. That gives us – that really gives us the industry and us visibility and it gives you a foundation – a growing foundation in the public sector of demand growth.
John McPherson: Adam, you need to look into it and understand of course that really with the exception of just a couple markets in Texas, all of our markets and our markets unbalanced are still well below normalized levels of demand. Construction activity has a long way to recover. It's not even driven by new economic growth. And at the levels we are talking about, we still have multiple years before we get back to 45 year trends of normal consumption. Mid to high single-digit shipment growth, a mid to high single-digit revenue growth if I can do the math correctly is more than double-digit revenue growth. And that's where this continuous steady rate of gradual recovery. Is it going to be a perfect straight line absolute linear quarter-to-quarter of course not? History hasn’t worked that way, but history would also show that we absolutely recovered a normal and then in fact expand beyond that. So I think if you take a longer-term view, it's actually – it's not in fact it’s anything conservative relative to history.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. Thanks for reiterating that and then just lastly I wanted to follow-up on Trey’s question. I think he was trying to get a breakdown of the heavy in light non-res being the work that we typically follow housing and then maybe heavy – maybe you can give us a sense for what your exposure would be at a big energy projects along the Gulf Coast.
Tom Hill: I tell you it's a good mix. With housing continue to grow, you will see the light follow that and it always does. We see really good housing growth in 2016. As far as the heavy, we still have substantial amount of projects along the Gulf Coast energy projects actually going into 2016, some in 2017 and some in the 2018. We've seen a few new ones start to look at engineering and permitting but that segment continues to be healthy whether it's refinery expansion, Port jobs, ethanol crackers, we still see substantial projects. We have - our outlook is very clear for 2016 and pretty clear going into 2017.
Adam Thalhimer: Great. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: Great quarter and great end of the year.
Tom Hill: Thanks, Ted.
Ted Grace: John, I was wondering if you could just step through either a gross profit per ton bridge or a consolidated EBIDTA bridge just so we can get order of magnitude kind of what the benefit in 4Q was, it's not hard to figure out pricing and volume but kind of R&M benefits, energy. We are estimating maybe $10 million a year on your benefit from diesel and aggregates alone. Could you may be just step through that so we’ve got the data.
Tom Hill: Ted, some of it we can do off-line in more detail, but let me give the highlights kind of quarter and year. And as always I try and draw more attention to the year. But in the quarter you saw that our total cost of sales per unit declined and that was a combination of you said continued diesel benefit year-over-year roughly in the range of what you discussed. But unlike previous quarters we did a better job of managing our per ton expenses as of R&M and some other costs. So on balance we had a decline in cost of sales for the quarter and I think you saw that. For the year, we had a slight decline in total cost of sales and that was really diesel benefits offsetting some raising per ton cost that we commented on throughout the year in terms of R&M, parts and supplies associated labor with that et cetera as well as some overtime labor as we ramped up production. We are really pleased with execution we had in the fourth quarter. We are not taking for granted that all of those issues are behind us. We are still ramping up production and we are still well below what she would normally think of as the sweet spot of production levels in many of our plants. So it's something we're very much keeping an eye on and manage tightly as we go through 2016.
Ted Grace: Okay. And on a related basis if you kind of run rate current diesel prices, it would imply something like $30 million or so year-over-year benefit, just to mention what’s baked into guidance or expectations.
Tom Hill: I think our current guidance, our current plans would have diesel prices rising slightly relative to where they are now. It might be something that I need to check hour by hour, the way oil prices have been moving. But we don't have a further decline in prices baked into our plan.
Ted Grace: Okay, great. The second thing I was hoping ask is just on SAG, a bit above our expectations in the fourth quarter. I know you highlighted kind of pension and profit sharing and some investment in sales. Can you walk through 4Q relative to expectations as we can appreciate that?
John McPherson: Sure. And I'll do it relative to the year too. So I wouldn’t take, don't read 4Q as a run rate change, there were some accrual timing issues that made 4Q higher. So I wouldn’t read run rate for 4Q. For the year, we ought to see a bit above our expectations, which is not something we are pleased with. I think for the year we executed better than we forecasted to be honest. So my comments on SAG, which is probably a number I would like to be zero as a CFO, but our comments on SAG would be that administrative headcount year-over-year remained essentially flat. So the core wage element of our SAG was well in control. The variances were driven by fringes which is pension, payroll taxes, some deferred comp, calculations those kinds of things which we frankly just didn’t forecast as well as I would liked to it at the beginning of the year. Some of those were driven a little bit higher with our rising stock price. We also had higher outside services fees and professional fees, those were legal and tax. And a couple other items associated with some changes we're making and some investments we're making on the sales side of our business. And then finally, our sales headcount was modestly higher in the year and our SAG is associated with that as we continue to invest in growth for the future. So again I think the execution was solid. We would like to see that number grow at more or like 3% than what we saw in the past year. We were to control it and we’ll certainly continue to leverage it to sales.
Ted Grace: Okay, that’s helpful. Great quarter again and best of luck this year.
John McPherson: Thanks guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Todd.
Todd Vencil: Good morning. A lot of steps been knocked out but just a couple of follow-ups. I want to beat the non-reservoirs a little bit more just given that that's where a lot of investor concern has been focused and everything you are saying would seem to completely contradict and/or a few lot of what I’ve been hearing over the past few weeks from people on the other end of the phone. But you talked about some mixed signals from the forward-looking indicators and that doesn't jive with what you're seeing on the ground. Can you kind of help me think about how you put those two things together? What among the four indicators would look soft and have you seen any reflection of that, it doesn't balance out or you feel like the forward-looking indicators are suggesting softness or simply off-base are being interpreted wrong?
Tom Hill: I think you've got – just look at indicators you've got [indiscernible] who actually showed some weakness in Q3 and Q4. And then you’ve got the construction backlog indicator by the Association of Builder Contractors, so the U.S. was flat before our market in the South was up about 15% for Q4. And then more importantly what we're seeing in our individual markets you still got solid growth in the non-res. I'll give you little flavor on that. If we looked at how you saw - if you sit here where we are non-res going into ’16, we see that Atlanta will be up high single digits; Nashville up high double digits; Nashville up mid double digit; Phoenix low double-digit; Chicago, low double-digit; Charlotte 10% to 11%. So you've got a lot of cities and a lot of locations where there is still very healthy growth in non-res and trying to take an indicator on a national level is tough to put into our world where it's just local and we've got a good visibility.
Todd Vencil: Perfect. That helps a lot. And then on the public side, your comments about the fact that a lot of the highway stuff is going to kick until 2016. Georgia hasn't started kick in yet in terms of their states improvements and their transportation funding. Is there – would you think that highway growth in 2017 could be better than the growth rate in 2016 because of these factors?
Tom Hill: Yes. And I would tell you – I think that will continue to grow 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 out to the future as – because the Federal funding is compounded at 3% per year. And then you've got a number of states who have already - are already now collecting funds. Those funds will continue to grow in the future and as important as anything, then that work will start flowing through. As I said earlier, you've got normally you have unless somebody is really accelerated plans on the shelf, you've got 18 months to 24 months of lag time from collecting the taxes to shipping rock. Now Georgia has announced publicly that they are going to be very aggressive about trying to turn work out in 2016 and I think they are working hard at that. We are pulling for them but it just takes time to do plans, get engineering, place bids and even get permits. So it will be and I said earlier this is a game changer for an industry and that you've now got a real visibility into the future for multiple years and you've got a foundation that is continuing to grow.
Todd Vencil: Got it. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Good morning. Good afternoon, everyone.
Tom Hill: Good morning
Jerry Revich: Tom, I’m wondering if you could talk about the price increase for January 1 that you’ve put through for 2016, how does that compare versus the price increase that was rolled out to start last year?
Tom Hill: I’d tell you that it depends on the market. We really come back to this every time. We make literally thousands of pricing decisions every day. You've got some markets where we have January 1 price increases, you've got others that have a cadence of April 1, you've got others that have a cadence of April and October or January and July. So it's really all over the board and there's not just one price increase that goes out there. I would tell you that from where I sit, I'm very confident in our 7%. That will be over quarter-over-quarter, month-over-month, that will be choppy and always is. But at the end of the day, like we told you last year, we were solid in the 7% and that's where we finished. So I think going forward, I think, as you look at it that the environment for pricing and I talk about this a lot because it's so important, customer confidence and improving visibility out into the future and rising demand is very important.
Jerry Revich: And as we think about the way the pricing cadence worked out over the course of 2015, like you said you built momentum over the course of the year, which was really the first time we saw that in this cycle. Are you thinking about the pricing cadence in 2016 lining up and similar fashion when rollup all of the – thousands of pricing decisions like you mentioned?
John McPherson: It's hard to predict because first of all you are comping over very different numbers. And so at this point, I'm not sure sitting here in the first couple of weeks of February that's really hard to predict, it could line up like that or you could see it be much more solid or much more steady through the year. It's just too hard to predict with only a few weeks gone in the year.
Jerry Revich: And then in terms of the Department of Transportation budget comments that you made. Can talk about year-over-year 5% growth, how much of that is based on their budgets versus what you're hearing from the folks in procurement and I guess what's the potential of that, we get projects started sooner relative to what's implied of 5% comment?
John McPherson: Again that 5% is a rollup of a lot of different markets, a lot of different DoT and even more local engineering segments of DoT, or districts of DoT. And our folks usually have pretty good visibility to that just because they spent a lot of time knowing what those projects are going to look like. As I think John said earlier, you could see some big DoT projects get pushed forward. And we would welcome that, but at this point and they're talking like – for example, in Georgia and a number of other states, there is a lot of talk about that, but we haven't seen it come to fruition yet and we don't count that until we see that happen and I couldn't predict whether that will happen or not.
Jerry Revich: Okay, thank you.
John McPherson: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong with Vertical Research.
James Armstrong: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. First question I have is margins in the fourth quarter were really strong and then you mentioned fuel, but as fuel costs have come down have you seen distances that you can ship aggregates rise and if so what effect are you seeing from that trend?
John McPherson: Theoretically that could happen, but I will also tell you that with rising demand, rising confidence, people are servicing the market and possibly serving the market closer to them as opposed, they don’t have to reach out because the work is improving right around where they are. And this goes back to pricing environment and the health of it and people recognizing that we are not back to normal demand yet they've got to make returns on the investments they have and that’s true for aggregates or asphalt or concrete or contracting. So – while I understand why you asked the question and it's a very good one, it's not playing out that way.
Tom Hill: Most of our urban markets, which is a concentration for us, you've got a lot of other barriers to long haul shipping or truck – long trucking that go way beyond diesel costs, it’s availability of drivers, availability of trucks, traffic patterns, regulatory issues around trucking, unpredictable service quality to further your are tucking the stuff. So there are a lot more things, particularly in urban environment to go into this and adjust diesel price right now.
James Armstrong: Okay, that helps. And then switching gears to the Highway bill that you touched on a lot on today's call, you don't see much impact in 2016 yet, but what projects are out there and what type of visibility do you have for 2017 and beyond, can you help us quantify that a little bit?
Tom Hill: I'm not sure I can give you individual projects. There are a number of very large projects that are in the works. There are bidding that are out there. I think what I'm not sure I could identify off the top of my head any specific large projects, but places like Tennessee, for example, have actually held a number of projects because they did not have visibility. Now what those are, I'm not sure I could – I could quote to you, but that's an example. I think what you will also see is it will be two things, it will be – part of it will be expansion and new projects, which we love because they are more intensive, but you've got a lot of states like South Carolina that really are and a number of other states that really have a lot of maintenance issues they will flow through very quickly. It may not be large projects, but with that funding there they will go head and these are overlays and things like that, which will come faster than the large projects.
James Armstrong: That helps. Thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: Hi, guys. Thank you for fitting me in. Quick question about the improvements you guys made on the call side of the question. You talked about repair and maintenance costs coming down. Is that because of new equipment that came in, some of the growth CapEx to help bring those numbers down. And then the second part to the question was around labor costs with lower overtime, does that mean that you sufficiently kind of staffed up some of these plants that had been needing or borderline needing a second shift or what have you to the point where now it should be smoother sailing heading into 2016?
Tom Hill: I think you a little bit answered your own question and that obviously replacement capital and mobile equipment, fixed equipment helps to driven down [ph] cost. But it's really – what we really focus on while we do that and we do that appropriately, what we really focus on is doing proper preventative maintenance and timing and fixing things the right way the first time so you are not throwing good money after bad. When it comes to whether it's labor or uses of diesel or cost in general, I think it's that continuous focus on operating efficiencies. You heard us talk about we struggle with labor, we define – our folks defined it. And then actually in the back third of the year, it wasn't just last quarter, September forward they made significant improvements on their efficiency to labor and their planning. And again, so you're correct about shifts where you're bringing things up and you're running multiple crews between even more plans, labor can be a challenge without appropriate planning. I am very pleased with our operating people that they are never been satisfied, they are campaigning for continuous improvement and they focus and work hard every day and I give them credit. They are never satisfied and they work tirelessly on it. But all of this is about compounding that continuous improvement to give us the margin expansion that we've enjoyed over the last ten quarters. And that speaks to that never being satisfied and that continuous campaign to improve and improve those operating efficiencies.
Stanley Elliott: One last one, the issues kind of going on with the credit market does that have any bearing on when you guys ultimately and finally get bumped up to investment grade?
Tom Hill: You probably have to ask the rating agencies. It should not from my point of view, but that's obviously up to the agencies.
Stanley Elliott: Yeah, fair enough. Thanks guys and congratulations and best of luck.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
John McPherson: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Thanks. Great quarter, great year. John, could you elaborate on your comment about product balances in the public sector to work with. Are you referring to some of the downstream businesses or is that related to the types of aggregate you expect as the market gets more momentum?
John McPherson: It's more of the types of aggregate. New construction can be more aggregate intensive, but It helps us if you will produce and so the full product mix whether that's asphalt size, that’s concrete size base. And so It's very efficient work for us if we do it the right way. And it's just a better mix than we’ve had, I’m going to call it, earlier in the recovery. My main point from that that I would like to make for people as we tend to focus only on the price impact when it's conceivable that it could have a marginally negative price impact yet be very positive for unit margins.
Brent Thielman: Got it. And I know a lot of questions on this Highway bill. I will ask one more. I'm curious to your thoughts states now have greater federal funding clarity, do you see or hear any conversations or anticipate that this bill could actually be a catalyst for more states now to kind of think about a gas or sales tax. I know we have seen a few of them already but given the sense that they have some idea of what's coming to them from the federal government and there are certain needs out there. Could that push more through some of the state?
Tom Hill: Absolutely. And I think you said it best. It is being a catalyst for states that haven't increased their funding to take matters into their own hands. They recognize the opportunity they have with increased and long-term federal funding. So you will see a number of states, California, Santa Clara, for example, who are – the state legislature are in the throes of trying to address much-needed infrastructure improvements.
Brent Thielman: Okay. And then of all of this with the bill in place in your served markets, where do you think this can have the biggest impact or where do you feel like the burdens been greatest because of lack of federal funding clarity?
Tom Hill: I think we’ve had a number of states that have – Tennessee to be an example, Arkansas is an example, South Carolina is an example, they've been very hesitant to increase their own funding but also to let much-needed major projects that are multi-year because either they have a legal obligation that they can't or they're worried about being paid back. So I think as you’ve said in your opening question and comment, it will be a catalyst for both.
Brent Thielman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Mike Betts: Yeah, thank you very much. I have two questions if I could please. First one on --
Tom Hill: Mike, I'm sorry, I can’t hear you.
Mike Betts: Can you hear me any better now?
Tom Hill: That's great. Sorry about that.
Mike Betts: No worries. I had two questions if I could. First one, returning to the non-res area, is it possible to give us some indication of when you kind of did the budget, roughly what proportion of the work assumed in non-res was already contracted and therefore there’s some kind of certainty because I'm sure you follow all of the contract award states rather than you took a view it might happen just to give us some – maybe some – a bit more confidence in that non-res numbers? And then secondly on the asphalt because it expanded quite significantly in 2015. How much now is kind of maintenance work, which is let probably during the year that the work is done rather than long-term contracts?
John McPherson: Clarity on the non-res, I'm not sure I can give you a percentage of what is backlog, that’s really hard to do, because so many of those are small jobs that you have to get into the local detail whether it’s a Walmart parking lot or a big box store or a high-rise. That's really hard to predict.
Tom Hill: The heavy side of it is pretty clear.
John McPherson: Yeah. And that’s where I was going. The big work, the major projects we have very good clarity, in fact we are already shipping them or we know exactly when they are going to start because those jobs have very tight and very tough deadlines. Very specific delivery obligations and so we know exactly what's going on with those.
Mike Betts: You were asked earlier, I am not sure that you wanted to answer to it, but the rough split heavy and light.
John McPherson: I'm not sure I have a number for you. I have to get back with you on that.
Mike Betts: Okay, okay. And then on the asphalt again a big, short-term work versus long-term work, rough proportions and what happens like if – if the actual price moves dramatically?
Tom Hill: I think there is probably a pretty good mix of short-term and long-term work, the majority of it, I would usually when you look at that overlays are shorter term, new construction is longer-term, you're going to be more heavily weighted towards the shorter term for overlays as opposed to new construction. I would tell you that towards the end of this year and moving into 2017 and 2018, you'll see the market piece of that of the longer-term growth and we've seen that grow over the last 18 months. But the majority of it's going to be shorter term.
John McPherson: And Mike while our material margins in asphalt can fluctuate period to period, I'm not sure this is quite what you're asking but we don't have lots and lots of long-term fixed-price contracts or anything like that.
Mike Betts: Okay.
John McPherson: So, obviously, the margin can fluctuate period to period as you know asphalt can be a bit more volatile in its margin than some other parts of the business. Although generally always positive and good. But, no, we don't have lots of long-term fixed-price contracts that give us some big exposure.
Mike Betts: And just to finalize on that, have you – I mean, the liquid asphalt price I think was – the cost was declining way slower than the oil price, is that still the situation?
Tom Hill: Liquid asphalt prices have probably somewhat leveled off. And I think that's how we – as we plan this, that would be our plan now. Who knows, [indiscernible], but as I said earlier with that, we do have a modest increase improvement in our unit margins in asphalt. And that's really driven by some operating efficiencies and some actually some new capital we put into that product line as well as we think we've got a little bit better from an operating perspective.
Mike Betts: Understood. That's great. Thank you both very much.
Operator: And we have no further questions. At this time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Tom Hill for any closing remarks.
Tom Hill: I would tell you thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan Materials. I would like to thank our folks for their tireless efforts to improve our company. I would also like to reiterate we are very excited about our future, we look forward to talking to you in the weeks to come. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Director-Investor Relations J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer
Analysts: Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc. Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Laymon Todd Vencil - CRT Capital Group LLC Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Tabitha and I'll be your conference call coordinator today. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. A question-and-answer session will follow the company's prepared remarks. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark D. Warren - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Tabitha. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, President and CEO; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. Please note a slide presentation will accompany the prepared remarks by management and is available via the webcast. A copy of this presentation as well as a replay of the conference call will be available following the conclusion of this call at the company's website. Before we begin with actual results and projections, I refer you to slide two of our presentation regarding forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these are detailed in our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You will find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of this presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Vulcan's Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. At Vulcan, we posted another strong quarter, and we remain on track to have a very good year. Our solid performance, continued revenue growth and margin expansion are a direct result of the great efforts of our people. Today, you're going to hear about steady recovery, solid price improvement and about our sharp focus on the things we can control. Now, we won't be giving guidance for 2016 in today's call, but as we begin our planning cycle for the next year, our fundamental trajectory remains intact. We continue to experience a gradual, steady recovery in demand and shipments, although the details, of course, vary from market to market. We also continue to see a positive pricing climate with appropriate increases either announced or planned for next year. We remain well positioned to convert incremental revenues into incremental gross profit at an impressive click. We're excited about the opportunities ahead. Our people know that they must remain highly focused on margin improvement and continue to drive ongoing improvements in our business. We're focused on capitalizing on our momentum. Our people are engaged and entrepreneurial and they are sharing best practices across the organization. They know that they are empowered to serve our customers and keep making our company more profitable and better in every way. We also, all of us, remain highly focused on safe operations protecting the health and safety of our employees at all times. Now to company specifics. The recovery in construction activity continued across most of our markets. As we will show you, the metrics are certainly trending in the right direction. While demand is recovering gradually to more normal levels, we've enjoyed sustained margin expansion and we continue to grow our profitability in a disciplined manner. As construction activity and materials demand continue to pick up, we're also seeing improving confidence in pricing. Now, we've had some cost increases during the last two quarters. Even though some of this is expected given volume growth, we are very focused on continually improving our operating performance. These efforts began to pay off in September, when we saw marked improvements in our costs. We are going to stay very focused on this. Our employees are doing a really good job turning incremental revenues into incremental profits. And let me add, we see these trends continuing. We are heading into 2016 with the wind at our back. That said, we are totally focused on finishing this year strong. Now, let's talk about the third quarter. Demand continued to recover gradually in the quarter. Our results demonstrated the earnings leverage in our business model. With improving market conditions and our focus on profit improvements, both pricing and margins continued to expand. As you can see on slide four, a 19% increase in total revenues converted to a 39% increase in gross profit. This also drove a 47% increase in adjusted EBIT, and a 31% increase in adjusted EBITDA. Our diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 82%. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.95 per diluted share and an increase of $0.41 from the prior year. Gross profit margins increased by 490 basis points and were supported by pricing momentum. We enjoyed strong earnings growth in Aggregates as well as in our Asphalt and Concrete segments. We continue to manage and leverage SAG. SAG costs did increase in absolute terms. Here, one-time items offset lower head count related costs. What's important is as a percent of sales, SAG is trending towards 8% for the year, down about 1% from the prior year. All in all, I am very pleased with our peoples' performance, whether measured by margin percentage or per unit profit, our profitability continue to improve very significantly. Now, let's take a look at our shipments across the U.S. The map on slide five shows a breakdown of our growth in shipments of Aggregates on a same-store basis across the country. In the quarter, we saw solid demand growth, even though many customers faced bottlenecks impeding shipments. It's important to recognize what a good job our local teams are doing working with our customers to meet rising demand effectively and efficiently. Momentum continued with solid growth in key states; shipments in Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, Texas and Louisiana each grew by 10% or more. In contrast to the majority of our markets which were up, Illinois was down about 10%. This was due to significant large project work completed in 2014. Now at the same time, California saw healthy growth in the third quarter as major projects kicked off after being delayed in the first half of the year. I'd like to turn your attention to slide six, which shows our year-over-year growth in shipments. As you can see, this is very similar pattern to the last slide, with solid year-to-date growth in Aggregates shipments of 10% in total or 7% on a same-store basis. Both our East and West Coast markets continued to enjoy healthy growth as did Texas. Shipments in the Gulf Coast markets were also strong, with the exception of the central Gulf Coast region. Turning to slide seven, you can see that our pricing continues to strengthen, and for the quarter, it improved in line with our expectations, up 8% over the prior year's quarter. In a number of markets, we saw year-over-year freight adjusted price improvements in excess of 10%. These increases were fairly broad-based and occurred across all product types. And in more than half of our markets, we had price increases, ranging from $0.60 to $1.20 per ton. For the quarter, we didn't see this level of price increases in Virginia, South Carolina and Arizona because we had much larger shipments of base material and fines on new construction and large projects. As discussed before, volume in base and fines can detract from price, but it improves overall profitability. Let me emphasize the fact that pricing momentum will continue for us. There are three primary reasons that the pricing climate should remain positive. One, customer confidence continues to improve. Two, increasing demand builds backlogs. And third, construction related businesses are increasingly focused on earning adequate returns. Effective pricing performance remains a key focus for our management teams across our footprint. We are focused on delivering value to customers, while earning a good return on the significant investments that we make on their behalf. This ties directly to providing excellent service to our customers – the right product, the right quality, the right time and being paid the right price for superior service and value. Now, we've talked a lot on past calls about the three profit drivers that are expanding our margins and profits. That's because it's important. As a reminder, the three profit drivers are sales and production mix, price and operating efficiencies. We call these the three circles. As you can see on slide eight, our third quarter and trailing 12 month, gross profit per ton increased 23% and 25%, respectively. So in the quarter on a same-store basis, price was up $0.86 per ton and gross profit margin was up $0.90 per ton. Our sales and operations people are doing a superior job turning demand growth into higher profitability. Our local teams continued to do an outstanding job managing the combination of price, operating efficiencies, volume and product mix. This is something we will stay focused on every day. With respect to the three circles, we've talked about the positive pricing environment and we've talked about new construction improving the impact of product mix on profitability. Regarding the third circle, operating efficiencies and leverage. We continue to emphasize production planning and operating efficiencies across the business. Despite improvements in unit profitability and same-store costs, we have seen some areas of rising costs. As I mentioned, I'm not satisfied with this and neither are our people. Still, we've seen some costs rise; about two-thirds of these increases resulted from geographic mix and fringe benefits often outside our control. In addition, during the last two quarters, we have begun to see a trend of rising repair and maintenance and labor costs in some areas. Even though this isn't surprising, we are not going to accept it. Growing volumes are requiring us to run operations longer, resulting in more repairs and higher than budgeted spending on parts and supplies. And labor costs in some areas were up in the first eight months of the year. We saw costs go up, we focused on them, and we realized improvements in September. We will continue to manage these costs very carefully. Let's turn to slide nine. Our employees can be very proud of this chart. It clearly shows that our people are highly focused on continuous improvement and quality of earnings. We're excited about the ongoing very positive trend in unit margin expansion. We have now seen nine consecutive quarters of expanding unit margin and we'll continue to post improvements. Since our volumes began to grow in the second half of 2013, our gross profit per ton has increased sharply. We are now seeing the additional benefits of strong and ongoing improvement in pricing. Our unit profitability is higher than when these operations were producing twice the volume. Again, I would expect this trend to continue into 2016. Slide 10 shows our incremental margin performance in the Aggregates segment. This underpins the margin improvement you saw on the previous slide. Our incremental gross profit margin for the third quarter was 72%, excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during 2014. Aggregates gross profit grew by $60 million on incremental freight adjusted revenues of $83 million. Including the impact of acquisitions, the incremental margin was 65% with a gross margin on those revenues impacted mainly by higher costs at acquired operations as we bring them up to our standards and by higher costs for repair and maintenance. Now, since quarterly figures can be distorted by seasonality or one-time costs, we also present the same metric calculated on a trailing 12-month basis. For this time period, incremental gross profit margin was 73%. Aggregates gross profit increased approximately $177 million on incremental revenues of $242 million, adjusted for the same acquisitions. On a trailing 12-months basis, the flow through rate was consistently – has consistently exceeded the company's stated goal of 60% since volumes began to recover in the second half of 2013. Given our strategic focus on the Aggregates business, our ability to take that revenue to the bottom line is a big advantage to Vulcan as volumes continue to recover. With that, I'll turn the call over to John for additional comments on our earnings performance and outlook for the remainder of the year. John?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Thanks, Tom. I'll begin with slide 11, and as we did last quarter, use it to recap many of the trends Tom just reviewed. On this slide, we highlight the improved profitability of our Aggregates segment, both in total gross profit dollars and on a per ton basis, since the recovery in volumes began in the second half of 2013. On the left hand side of the chart, you see that for the trailing 12 months just ended, we shipped 175 million tons, 35 million tons more than for the trailing 12 months ending in the second quarter of 2013, just before the recovery began. Now, looking to the right hand side of the chart, you see that Aggregates segment gross profit for the 12 months just ended was $682 million or $324 million ahead of the 12 months before the recovery began. So, on 35 million of incremental Aggregates' tons shipped so far in the recovery, we've delivered $324 million in incremental segment gross profit. Gross profit per ton has increased $1.35 or 53%, and a 25% increase in shipments has been converted into a 90% increase in segment gross profit. These facts, we believe, illustrate the impact of the continuous, compounding performance improvements you heard Tom reference, and that in many ways characterize our current Aggregates centric strategy and execution focus. Now turning to slide 12, which shows the solid performance of our Asphalt and Concrete businesses for the third quarter. Segment gross profit and unit profitability in each of these segments increased significantly versus the prior year, and year-to-date the gross profit from these businesses has exceeded plan. Asphalt gross profit for the quarter was $30 million, a year-over-year improvement of $15 million driven by improving same-store volumes, strong cost disciplines and margin management, as well as the impact of acquired operations. As a reminder, our acquisition and swap activities have added 19 Asphalt plants to our portfolio since the second half of last year. On a the same-store basis, Asphalt volumes grew 20%, in part due to work deferred from the first half of the year, and Asphalt gross profit grew $11 million. Vulcan is among the five largest producers of asphalt in the country and these operations complement our Aggregates operations very well. Third quarter Concrete gross profit was approximately $10 million compared to $5 million in the prior quarter – in the prior year. Margins in this business segment have benefited from divestitures and other actions to focus our portfolio. The operations we have divested lost $2 million at the gross profit line in the prior year quarter. On a same-store basis, Concrete volumes were flat versus the prior year and gross profit improved by $3 million. I'll now wrap up with slide 13 and a recap of our full year 2015 outlook, before handing the call back to Tom for some closing remarks. In short, our outlook for the full year remains largely consistent with that presented in our second quarter call, and we are reaffirming our expectations for full year adjusted EBITDA in the range of $775 million to $825 million. As usual, we note that weather patterns can impact results in the fourth quarter significantly, particularly if they shorten the total construction season. But, and as you've seen earlier in this call, the business is performing well and it is performing as expected. Now, ticking through a few of the individual drivers. We currently expect full year volumes of approximately $177 million tons, up 9% year-on-year in total and 7% on a same-store basis. As noted earlier, we see the gradual recovery and demand continuing across most of our markets. However, capacity constraints at various points in the construction chain – for example, the availability of skilled construction labor in certain markets – have made it difficult for many of our customers to catch up fully on work deferred due to rain in the first half of the year. And the continued uncertainty regarding federal highway legislation has begun to impact timing of certain road projects on the margin. With respect to pricing, we expect the currently positive environment to persist. And we currently expect to finish 2015 with a year-on-year increase in average freight adjusted selling prices of approximately 7%. As we'd indicated, pricing momentum in the second half of the year has been stronger than in the first half of the year. Our Asphalt and Concrete segments have performed ahead of plan, both on a same-store basis and as a result of moves we've made to strengthen our portfolio. These segments should generate full-year gross profit of approximately $95 million. But again, please note that fourth quarter weather patterns can significantly impact actual results. SAG remains roughly in line with plan and declining as a percent of sales. Importantly, direct salary and wage costs for SAG head count have remained flat this year. And we do not expect the rise in the pension and other post-retirement benefit costs that we've had this year to reoccur next year. Core capital spending, excluding dollars committed to the purchase of new ships to service our Yucatán quarry, remains in line with plan. As noted in our earnings release, we may elect to pull some spending forward from 2016 in order to capitalize on certain procurement opportunities. As has been our practice, we plan to issue guidance for our 2016 year during our February earnings call. And certainly a number of the things can change between now and then, including federal highway legislation which Tom will touch on in a moment. But as we sit here in early November, we see volume and pricing trends similar to those we've seen year-to-date continuing through the fourth quarter and into next year. And we, of course, remained intently focused on converting that top line revenue growth into cash flow and earnings growth, to the very best of our ability. As Tom, said at the beginning of the call our basic trajectory remains intact. Tom, back to you.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, John. Our employees are working hard to ensure our strong performance, continue revenue growth and margin expansion. I can't say enough good things about our people. They never quit, always try to do things better and have enormous pride in what they do; and I see this every day. Our priority is continuous improvement. We're going to stay very focused on the things that we can control – on keeping our people safe, on customer service, on controlling cost and on price. We'll get fair value for the major investments we make in this business. I can tell you, it's all about creating value for our customers and our company. Now, before I conclude, I'd like to say a few things about the highway bill. I reported in our last call about the significant progress in Washington towards a new bill. The Senate, with great leadership, did its job when it passed a new six-year bill, the DRIVE Act, on July 30. The House transportation and infrastructure committee marked up its version of the highway bill two weeks ago. Congressional leaders believe it may be possible to compress the two bills and pass the final highway bill before the end of November. We are encouraged by the bipartisan progress that is occurring in Congress to address America's infrastructure challenges. We have been very engaged in efforts to encourage Congress to step up to this challenge. A new multi-year highway bill will be a step in the right direction and our nation's leaders will need to take additional big steps in the years to come. This is important for our country, our industry and for Vulcan. In closing, I truly appreciate your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Looking forward to the rest of 2015 and into 2016, I want you to know that we are very energized and engaged. We are focused on the fundamentals, on finding new ways to grow our company and its profitability every day. Now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we will be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: Your first question will come from the line of Ted Grace of Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you, gentlemen.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Ted.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, Tom, I hate to lead off on a question on 2016 given your opening comments. And so, I won't ask specifically for guidance, but just as it relates to maybe the slope of that trajectory heading into next year, it seems like depending on whether 4Q probably comes in a little bit below plan given some of the commentary; obviously one of your large peers gave some guidance that people are interpreting as off-trend growth. And so, I'm just wondering if you could give any kind of hand holding, whether it's market related expectations on how people should think about that slope. I know John just said basic trajectory intact, but any way you could kind of frame out, anything would be helpful, if we could start there?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me start with demand. We're seeing demand growth in all of our major markets – the vast majority of them – and in the market segments. More than half of our markets in the third quarter saw double-digit growth, a little bit of lagging as we talked about with Alabama, Mississippi, kind of the center of the country. But overall, we continue to see healthy demand growth, whether that's across geographies or market segments. So, we don't see anything that would give us pause for slowdown, whether in the fourth quarter or afterwards. Now, if you look at – on the same thing on price – we continue to see very healthy climate for price increases. That's built by customer confidence and by rising demand.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay, that's super helpful. And then maybe if I can just quickly tuck one in on costs. I know you talked about being somewhat above expectations in the last couple of quarters. You mentioned some of the factors in the third quarter, including more recently, labor and R&M ticking up, taking some proactive action to address that. Just when we think about the normal framework of incrementals you've talked about, is there any tweaking we should think about in kind of the next one or two years that could affect that to any meaningful degree or is that still kind of a useful framework as we think about just normalized flow through rates?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Ted, I don't see anything that would change the fundamentals of our earnings leverage or our trajectory – just – it's not there. And I'll address the third quarter; our costs in the third quarter year-over-year on a same-store basis were down about a nickel. Built in that was diesel was down about $0.23. The increase occurred in fringes and geographic mix was about two-thirds of it, which geographic mix is usually remote distribution network or higher cost markets. That will always – fixes itself – so that will come back around. The fringes are one-time or won't last. The other piece of that was R&M, which is natural for this time of the cycle. And then in some areas, we had labor costs that some – that were up in the second quarter and the third quarter – we recognized those. I think our folks did a good job of addressing those and we saw marked improvement in cost overall in September. So it's – what's important here is that we focus on the things that we can control. It's imperative that we always try to improve that. And it's that compounding effort of every day in every quarry of making it better and compounding those earnings.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: So, Ted, I think if you just checked through each of those three big drivers of costs, none of them are really structural in our view. One is geographic mix, shipping from higher cost locations or markets, and frankly, that comes typically with higher priced and higher margin markets as well. So, that as Tom said, correct itself and that's not a bad thing. On fringes and those employee benefit related cost, most of that, including the pension accounting issues, we don't see repeating next year and we'll correct for. And then, I think, Tom gave you a clear explanation for how we've addressed to some degree already, some of the somewhat temporary headwinds we think we've seen in repair and maintenance cost and labor cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions today. I think that you helped to answer some of the questions I had about the higher costs, which were more one-time in nature versus embedded cost on a go forward basis. Just to clean up that question that you had – the answer that you were just giving in the previous queue. How far along are you in terms of resolving some of those costs that – I know you said you made progress in September – but is this something realistically it will be more of a Q1 before you really kind of fully cleaned up? Or will there just be some residual, particularly from a geographic mix, that we see lingering in Q4?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me give you an example of labor. I think we got ahead of ourselves in a few markets on labor, where we thought volume's going to come back faster than it did. We hired too many people and actually we had to go correct it when we saw it wasn't going to happen. We also – we're running in a number of the places – we're running, say, four plants with two crews and we've made some structural scheduling mistakes there, which we corrected. So a lot of this, I think, we've taken really good steps to recognize the problems, why we have good metrics and our folks look at it really hard and they've corrected it. And then as far as the geographic mix that will come and go, I don't see anything structural to that. You'll get that back actually.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay, super. Thank you. And then, if you could – I know that the year ago quarter you made quite a few acquisitions. Could you once again just break out, how much the contribution from the quarter were – in terms of revenue and earnings contribution – were from the acquired assets versus just core growth?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, the adjusted EBITDA for the acquisitions in the quarter was in the range of $13 million. I think overall, our acquisitions' performing well. We're pleased with the assets and the personnel that we added at Vulcan. I think – I'm very happy with the job – the integration job that our folks did in getting those tucked in and going. We're pleased with how it fits into our network. So overall, we're very pleased with the acquisitions and like what we've got.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And Kathryn, we can break out for you revenue or gross profit contribution by segment of the acquisitions offline, if you like.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: I think in total, we're probably trending toward – I think we'd said $40 million to $50 million of EBITDA at the beginning of the year – we're probably trending toward the low end of that range full-year. Still, very satisfied with performance, but as we've noted, we've had some increased investments to better manage some mine plans and improve production capacity of certain product types in some of the acquired facilities. And that explains some amount – that explains part of why we're at the lower of that range – but that's basically where we're tracking, around $40 million, but not towards $50 million.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Perfect. And then my final question is around Aggregate pricing. You've seen some accelerating in pricing as the year's progressed and really actually from prior year and carrying into Q3. Twofold question, are there certain markets we're seeing greater pricing leverage? And then two, we've just received anecdotal feedback from the field that, particularly in the Southeast, you have – I don't want to say changed your pricing structurally – but are certainly being more proactive in terms of gating pricing equally across all of your main product segments being base, fines and clean stone. Maybe if you could flesh that – either confirm or flesh out that feedback that we've been getting in the field. Thank you.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that the pricing trends we see right now are very positive and very predictable, with the pricing following the volume. I think what the good news is what we are seeing going at the end of 2015 and going into 2016 is a very healthy pricing environment. We've got steady rising demand in the vast majority of our markets; that's driving customer and construction industry confidence, which is always a good thing for pricing. But, one of the things we always have to remember is pricing is a campaign; it's something you do every day. It's thousands of price decisions every week, and it's also about the compounding improvements over time of not just pricing, but margin expansion. So, our employees are striving hard to improve the value for our customers, and I think that if you step back and look at it, the environment that we're in right now and that we close into 2016 is very healthy for pricing improvements.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you. I just want to touch on demand and maybe if you could speak to any change in trends with respect to the demand segments, whether it's infrastructure, non-res or residential. I know you've commented that you're seeing steady progression on volumes, but has there been any, whether it's change in bidding or acceleration or deceleration, in any of these segments?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think that, as I said earlier, we're seeing good demand growth across all segments. Now, in the non-res piece, like you, we see the leading indicators. And we've seen them dip a little bit, but on the ground, whether it comes to shipments or bidding projects, we have not seen any dip in non-res demand. The good news is we're starting to see improvements in residential and in highway work. So, overall we're continuing to see good, steady growth – demand growth.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Garik, a few maybe pieces of the additional color since I know this – we know this is an area of focus for folks. From a geographic point of view, it's almost easier to talk about the ends of the spectrum. So, in terms of recovery toward normalized demand for us, on one end of the spectrum, certainly we have some Texas markets that are a bit further along in the recovery; in our view, still doing quite well, but a bit further along. And on the other end, as Tom has mentioned before, we have our Mississippi, Alabama, Illinois, kind of our middle of the country markets, that really haven't gotten much momentum yet in terms of the recovery moving along; but everything else is making pretty good progress. The facts and circumstances vary by market, but everything else is making pretty good progress. The one issue that we do continue to see in some markets, and it will inform all of our plans for 2016 when we get there, is just the pace at which this growing demand and recovering demand really gets turned into Aggregates shipments. And again, in some markets that's – that's a function of large project timing and how quickly DoT's can get their raised level of funding out the door into new projects; so we'll monitor that closely. And in other markets, that's a function of these, if you will, bottlenecks in the construction supply chain that we've referenced, where availability of crews or equipment or developed land or skilled trade labor, those can really be the determinants of how quickly we grow. So, net-net, we continue to see across our portfolio, a steady, gradual repeating recovery that's basically on the same kind of trend we've been on for 2015.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Just wanted to dive in a little bit just on around the fourth quarter and your annual guidance and this fairly wide range that you've left for EBITDA for the fourth quarter. Just wanted to be clear on that range and what could drive the upper and lower end? Is it really just a function of weather and project timing or is there anything else that we should be paying attention to?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Hi, Garik, it's John. I wouldn't – we're not trying to signal anything by the breadth of that range. So, I wouldn't read too much into it first. I'd read it as unchanged from our last call. That would be the probably the main message because as I went through, most of the underlying drivers that we see are basically still on track with our last discussion on our last call. So, I think the read is largely unchanged. Yes, weather can affect it one way or the other, but I don't know that I'd try to read too much into the fact that we didn't change or narrow the range.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And then just lastly, just highway bill question. You sounded a bit more optimistic, and certainly the discussions around in Congress have been more optimistic, and I think there's greater hope that a highway bill will gets passed relatively soon. If so, could you maybe talk about how this might end up impacting Aggregates demand, whether it's 2016, 2017, and what the medium to longer-term impact would be from the highway bill?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think, first of all, we're very optimistic that the bill is going to get passed. We believe that the House will vote on the bill this week, as a matter of fact. When this happens, it will give certainty for states. So you'll see a number of states which are starting to – have held back funds for large projects – which is Arkansas has done that. We've seen – and now we see Georgia is talking about it – and a number of states have done it. Well, they'll have certainty for the future going forward, which will be very good for us. That is a compounding impact because a number of states have raised their funding. But you've got to remember, there's going to be a lag here between, whether it's the increase in state funding or the federal funding, just because they've got to be able to get the funds. And then, they've got be able to set up plans and let the projects, and the projects have to start construction. So at best, I would say it'd be the end of 2016, but I think the highway bill, the impact of that, you'll really see towards the end of 2016 and into 2017. What is hidden in there is, you will start to see states have great relief with unlocking large multi-year projects. Even if they said they're not doing it, we've got a number of them that are just hesitant to do anything until they see that bill. And that I think will flow through towards – start to flow through in 2016 – but real impact, I believe, will be in 2017. John?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: That's right.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Trey.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, just one point of clarity, I know you've talked about kind of the – some of the states there in the middle of the country that you guys are in that have been laggards – but just one, if, kind of going back to the slide deck, it looks like year-to-date, North Carolina was in the greater than 5% category. But then, if you look at just for the third quarter, it was in the flat to down category. Can you talk about kind of what's driving that? Have you seen deceleration there or just your thoughts around – that just kind of stood out to me?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I wouldn't read anything into that Trey. North Carolina last year, we had two very large paving jobs that we completed that weren't included in shipments of this year. So, I think that as you look at North Carolina, the demand's still healthy; it's across a broad range of whether it's res, non-res, highways or infrastructure. In fact, the North Carolina DoT just passed a bill to substantially up their funding in that state. So overall, we feel good about North Carolina. We feel good about demand growth, think, it will carry into 2016. And we'll start to see some flow through of the $700 million increase in state highway spending – now, that won't come through right away – but you'll start to see some of it, probably end of 2016, but healthy.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Trey, you might even take that as just an example, and I know you know this very well, but of why it's a bit dangerous to extrapolate too much in our business from single quarter trends. And that's, of course, in the volume side, why we include both the quarterly view and the trailing 12-month or year-to-date view. Whether it's a volume trend or whether it's a pricing or cost trend, we're always going to encourage people to make sure you also take a slightly longer-term view and don't focus only on one quarter just because there can be so much volatility.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah, understood. Thanks for the clarity there. And also, I guess as a follow-up, you guys had been fairly acquisitive, I guess, with some tuck-in deals that seemed to make a lot of sense. I guess recently – more recently – you've kind of taking your foot off, at least apparently, taking your foot off the gas a little bit there. Can you talk about, I guess, what you're seeing out there and how multiples are trending in the space? And then with that backdrop, kind of update us on your thoughts around capital deployment
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll start, John. I think, Trey, there's really a good pipeline of acquisitions out there. As we've talked about a lot, they will come when they come. That's something we can't control. Last year, they all seemed to bunch up in the third quarter. I think what's important for us – well, the timing of that's unknown – what's important is the discipline of what we buy, what we pay for and then how we integrate it. And we need to be real clear about the synergies that are unique to Vulcan and how we leverage those. So, don't read, because something that happened that the pipeline's dried up, because it hasn't and we are not – we have not put – taken our foot off the accelerator at all.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And Trey, on overall capital allocation priorities, I think the key message is that our priorities have not changed and that we're making good progress on the direction we've laid out. Just to quickly tick through a few, as I mentioned, our core CapEx, reinvesting in the franchise, maintenance haz-mat capital, that remains on track and it is been executed well. In terms of financial flexibility and our overall balance sheet, making good progress, and again, going forward, that's not a use of cash to de-lever, and we've also reduced our average interest expense a bit; we'll continue to look at that of course. We remain committed to a dividend – and the return of capital to shareholders through that dividend – that grows with earnings. That's a board decision, but nothing has changed there. Tom just touched on opportunities for M&A-related growth where, we have many, it's just a question of discipline and to some degree, seller expectations that may be ahead of where they need to be. And then of course, as we continue to generate substantial free cash flow through time, substantial operating cash flow, we expect to have a balanced approach of reinvesting that, whether that's CapEx or M&A-like growth and returning it whether that's through dividend or share repurchase.
Trey H. Grooms - Stephens, Inc.: That all sounds good. Thanks a lot and good luck.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Turning back to the highway bill, the various proposals out there have some level of inflation factored in their six year view. Can you just remind investors, would the impact of that be greater than the actual dollar because of the types of projects and the long-term nature of projects? Just getting for a feel of – we haven't had a six year bill in so long – sort of a refresher course of what to do with those numbers if this thing gets passed?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, let me start with the escalators in the – the Senate bill escalation is 3% annually – which would mean, you start at a baseline of $41 billion; in year three, it'd be $45 billion and in year six it'd almost be $49 billion. That compares to a House bill, the drafted House bill, which is at 1.9% annually, so a little less. Now, where we end up, our vote is for the Senate bill obviously or something beyond that, but who knows how that's going to turn out. While those increases are really important and we'll take all the funding we can get – more importantly, our country needs it – the confidence that this gives the states to move forward with long-term projects or very large projects is really important. It also – even if it's a six year bill that's only funded for three – it locks in policy for six years, which also builds confidence, not just for the states, but for the entire construction material cycle. So, you'll see this also builds on that confidence we talk a lot about for pricing momentum, because there will be funding out there, which means there'll be projects out there, which means there'll be work out there for our customers. And so, that overall confidence is really important, not just for our customer base and pricing, but also for the states that allow them to free up more work and drive demand.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, a 2% to 3% increase, whatever it ends up being in dollars allocated, could we assume when the dollar – when they hit – it would grow the infrastructure piece of your business greater than that?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And keep in mind, that the parts of that funding that are non-federal, are growing typically in our markets at a higher rate.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good point.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: So the state and local funding is growing at a substantially higher rate in many of our markets than you see the federal dollars, but as Tom explained, the long-term federal program is certainly helpful to getting those state level funds and revenues sources from being collected to actually being spent on key projects.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Along those lines, while we've had a number of states in our footprint increase their funding, we have a number of them right now that are critical, that are debating increasing their funding, okay. This will give confidence and it will give – it creates momentum for those states to go do their part where there is much needed funding from a state and local perspective.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And at one point on – I think it was in the DRIVE Act – there was a talk of elimination of TIFIA. Is that still a topic that would be on – potentially on the table?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that's really a reduction of TIFIA. TIFIA was budgeted at $1 billion a year. The DRIVE Act cuts it down to $300 million. And actually, truth be known, that's not bad news for us because we weren't getting to – we know $300 million is about as good as anybody got to, if they got that far – to using those funds. So more than half of those funds went unused. That will go into work on intermodal and infrastructure projects. So what our view of that is, it's actually pretty good news and that we'll get what we were using in TIFIA; the unused funding of that will go into major projects to address intermodal and infrastructure projects they'll actually ship materials on.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to ask you, you've had a lot of success in driving gross profit per ton from $2.55 up to $3.90. And like how do we think about your ability to keep driving that – because I got to credit you, that's a ton of incremental improvement – but how much more runway is left?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Bob, it's John. Our view is pretty straight forward. We think there's substantial runway left. As you recall from our Investor Day, and we laid this out on a cash gross profit basis on Investor Day, but as we continue to move forward in the recovery, continue to move back toward normal levels of demand with the kind of pricing environment we expect, we should be able to continue converting that incremental revenue at about 60%. And doing that through this period of time gets us to a cash gross profit number that instead of being a little bit less than $6 this quarter will be a little bit above $8. So, substantial room left. I'd remind people that as an entire construction complex, more and more people are appropriately focused on earning fair returns on capital. And earning these kind of incremental margins is consistent with that view. So, we are very, very focused on it and we don't see anything from where we sit that should limit our progress on that dimension in the near-term.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Cool. That's encouraging. Tom, I haven't heard you this bulled up in a long time; it's a really solid quarter operationally. It looks like you're getting price for service. In your forecast, you're looking at 7% price for the full-year and you obviously gave a confident view of demand trends going into 2016. So, I'm trying to reconcile a little bit how we should be thinking about pricing trends next year. You have a tough comp if you're up 7% this year. Should we expect pricing next year to be low single-digit, more like consistent with this year? Thanks and good luck.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks. It's all about the environment and I think it's in momentum. As you go into the fourth quarter of this year and into next year, as I said earlier, we continue to see that demand going up and very steady demand. It's about customer confidence. They have backlogs; they have backlogs with profitability in it, so they can raise their prices. So, it is that confidence in the pricing environment that is so key, and as we talk about a lot, it's very predictable trends that as that volume continues to trend up, pricing will follow it. So, as we said earlier, it's the campaign of pricing and those compounding improvements over time, but going into the fourth quarter and into 2016, what I'd tell you is that that pricing environment is very healthy.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Could you just get a little more specific in thinking about 2016 to guide us? Is it more like, hey, you're at great pricing, lot of demand, we're up 7% in 2015? Against that comp would you expect to be at the low single-digit into the range next year or in a level more consistent with like 5% to 7% or 6% to 7% like this year in 2016?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Hey, Bob, it's John. While I appreciate the effort, we're not going to give guidance for 2016 on this call. But I'd just reiterate what we've said, which is, as we sit here today in early November, the core trends that we see in terms of demand recovery and the pricing environment, we see continuing into the fourth quarter and into 2016. So we don't see a significant shift in overall trajectory, but we're not prepared at this time to give specific guidance.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Totally cool. Good luck.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil of Sterne Agee.
Laymon Todd Vencil - CRT Capital Group LLC: Hi, thanks, guys.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Hey, Todd.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Todd.
Laymon Todd Vencil - CRT Capital Group LLC: Let's take, hopefully, short shot at beating that almost nearly dead horse here one more time. Just real quick, and briefly I think, are you guys seeing deceleration in any aspect of your business anywhere, and if you are, where?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we've got some watch points. I'm not seeing deceleration anywhere. The watch points, as I mentioned earlier, were, one was non-res just because of some of the leading indicators. As I said earlier, we're not seeing that on the ground, what we're bidding and what we're shipping; but we see that, we watch it, and I think our folks and Todd, I'd agree, (54:32) are very confident. The other place to watch is, as we talked about earlier, is to watch Texas, with the reduction in exploration drilling and the impact on jobs. While we've not seen any impact yet, it's been an odd year in Texas where it was the rain in the first half of the year back-loaded the year. So, if there is a drop off, it would be masked and it's a place we'll watch. But other than that, I think we're pretty confident.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: This isn't a direct answer to your question, but I would just remind folks on this – as Tom was saying – on both price and volume, there is of course, as there always is, a lot of variability across our portfolio geographically. So, if you were to look at the rates of volume growth or the rates of price growth, they're pretty well dispersed around the average. And so, we have – of course, as we get a little more clarity on our 2016 plans – we're going to have some geographies that are certainly slower growth than others, and some that are faster growth than others, and we'll have to incorporate all of that into our guidance for next year.
Laymon Todd Vencil - CRT Capital Group LLC: Perfect. Thanks for that. And then, same question. You guys talked about bottlenecks in some places. This is something that we've heard from builders and contractors and guys who use contractors. Can you talk about how much of an impact that's having and if there's any rhyme or reason? Is it certain geographies? Is it certain trades that you're seeing it in?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know that I can put a pattern to it, but we have seen a number of our customers run into bottlenecks which impacted third quarter shipments and will impact fourth quarter shipments. Now, that volume's not going away; it will be shipped. So whether that's in ready-mix business, it's trucks and drivers, it's finishers. In the Asphalt business, it's crews and lay down machines. And they're not going to ramp up – they'll ramp up a little bit, but not going to add – just have it slow down. I think what is key to what we saw in the third quarter and you're seeing happen at the end of this year versus last year is the sense of urgency by our customers. When I say that, last year if they got delayed, they just put it off to the next week or till the weather got right. Whereas this year, we're seeing contractors work on Saturdays and Sundays; we're seeing a lot more sense of urgency of getting these jobs done, which is very good news for us because that means they have backlogs now that they got to get this work done, so they can get on to the other work, which really signals from a macro perspective that there's more work out there and we continue to see the steady growth.
Laymon Todd Vencil - CRT Capital Group LLC: Got it. Thanks for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys, good morning and congratulations. Quick question on the pricing or did you guys highlight kind of what the regional mix was versus the absolute pricing?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think that, as we said earlier, usually the places where we are further along in the cycle, we see better pricing. So, we saw better pricing in Texas in a number of places where the cycle's further along. And as we go into next year, I think that pattern or that trend tends to hold true, that the places where the cycle is a little more mature, you have a little more confidence in momentum and pricing.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Stan, it's John. One thing I just continue to underscore for those on the call is just as with volume, and I'll highlight both, but if you look at pricing by our general manager areas, if the average for the company was around 8% for the quarter, we have – and I'm just looking at what numbers I have in front of me – we have some that are 14%, 12%, 12%, 11%, 9%, and we do have a couple that are 3%, 2%, negative 1%, negative 3%. So there's a lot of dispersion based on local market factors, and in a single quarter, mix of business and other things. The same is true on the volume side of the business. If the average volume is roughly 7.5%, then you've got some that are up 20%, 19%, 13%, 11%, 10%, 10%. But you also have a couple, as we highlighted, that are nearly – like Illinois – nearly down 10%. And so, again, any single quarter view is going to have that kind of dispersion amongst our geographic businesses, and therefore all the more reason to make sure you also take these kind of trailing 12 month or longer-term views of the business.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I appreciate that. What I was trying to get at is that some of the markets that have say mid-teen sort of absolute pricing compared to kind of some of the low double-digit pricing, just how that's influencing the overall? And my guess is that as some of those higher ASP markets continue to improve, the whole pricing complex will improve as well? The comment about the bottlenecks and allowing some of the volumes to slip over into kind of, for the quarter or even into 2016, was that a material amount or is there any way to put a number around that?
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's really hard to put a number around. You know it's happening; you could see it happening. When you talk to your customers in the different markets, it's pretty widespread, but to put a number on that's pretty tough.
Stanley Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sounds fair. Thanks guys, and best of luck.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys. The environmental charge in the quarter, is that something we could see going forward or is that really one-time issue?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: I think it's primarily – this is John – primarily a one-time issue. And you saw some, if you will, elevated above recent trend cost and relating to other income and expense. And a lot of that had to do with some one-time environmental charges including some settlement of past liabilities. So, I would think most of that is one-time.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then, you mentioned that there was some places where you have ramped up labor in anticipation of demand that wasn't quite as strong as you had hoped. Where was that?
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: Southeast.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And let me add to that. It wasn't that demand that was off or demand was poor, it just wasn't as good as they had hoped it would be.
John R. McPherson - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer: And Tom, we've talked it about a lot, I mean they're going to be – as we continue to transition our crews and our scheduling levels, like many in the industry, from operating most of our plants as shared crews to having fully staffed plants again, there's going to be a little – the transition is not going to go perfectly. The key for us is to monitor it, manage it, correct it and to stay on top of it. But they're going to be some things like this as we transition from such historically low shipment levels back to something that's more normal, particularly given that we've been operating in some of these markets with shared crews across two or three plants. Just changing that staffing model is going to – is not going to be frictionless.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of the call today. I will now turn the call back over to Tom Hill for the closing remarks.
J. Thomas Hill - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan. As you can tell, we will finish 2015 strong and we're very excited about what lies ahead of us for 2016. We look forward talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Warren - Director of IR Tom Hill - President & CEO John McPherson - EVP, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer
Analysts: Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group James Armstrong - Vertical Research PT Luther - BofA Merrill Lynch Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company's Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Kayla, and I will be a conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark Warren: Thank you, Kayla. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, President and CEO, and John McPherson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. Please note a slide presentation will accompany the prepared remarks by Management and is available via the webcast. A copy of this presentation as well as a replay of the conference call will be available following the conclusion of this call at the Company's website. Before we begin, I refer you to slide 2 of our presentation regarding forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these are detailed in the Company's SEC reports including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call Management will refer to certain Non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the reconciliation of these Non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of this presentation. Now I would like to turn the call over to Vulcan's Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom?
Tom Hill: Thank you, Mark, and thank all of you for joining us today. Let me begin by thanking our employees for their outstanding performance in the second quarter. As you all know, weather conditions were unusually bad during the quarter with prolonged wet weather and serious flooding impeding construction activity in many parts of the US. In spite of these challenges, we operated safely, served our customers well and delivered strong results. The metrics and slides we'll talk about today are largely the same as in prior quarters. We are on track to have a very good year. Our focus hasn't changed and neither has our optimism regarding continued performance improvement. Construction activity and materials demand continue to recover. Pricing momentum is accelerating, and our employees are doing a really good job converting incremental revenues into incremental profits. Despite the bad weather in many of our markets we enjoyed strong earnings growth and margin expansion on higher revenues, underscoring our confidence in our full-year outlook. With improving market conditions and our focus on profit improvements, both pricing and margins continue to expand. As you can see on slide 4, adjusted earnings per share for continuing operations were $0.66 per diluted share, an increase of $0.30 from the prior year. Although overall average shipments were lower than expected due to weather, we continue to see expanding gross profit margins and expanding EBITDA margins. As you can see, overall gross profit margins increased by more than 450 basis points. These strong margins were supported by robust pricing momentum. We experienced strong earnings growth in aggregates and in each of our non-aggregate segment. This was also accompanied by declining SAG costs as a percent of sales. In spite of the weather challenges, our people did an outstanding job taking incremental revenue to the bottom line. As we've noted before, our local teams across our footprint are doing a great job managing sales and production mix along with pricing. At the same time, we continue to reap the benefits of improving operating efficiencies and resulting leverage. Total gross profit increased 34%, and adjusted EBITDA was up 33%. Same-store shipments increased 5%, and same-store pricing increased over 6% with strong pricing momentum across most markets. Our profitability continued to improve significantly whether measured by margin percentage or per-unit profit. Now, let's look at the monthly trend of our aggregate shipments and the impact of weather on slide 5. Rain in the second quarter reduced the number of available shipping days in key markets, and it certainly postpone shipments. Slide 5 shows the year-over-year change in monthly shipments. You can see the impact of rain on shipments in April and May up only 5% and 2% on a same-store basis. In April, it was pervasive across most markets with above average rainfall in 13 of our states. In May, severe wet weather affected plant operations and construction activity in Arizona, Illinois, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. In June, with the important exceptions of Illinois and Virginia the weather allowed for more normal days of construction activity, and shipments were robust revealing again the momentum and demand. The map on Slide 6 shows a breakdown of 5% growth in aggregate shipments across the country on a same-store basis. Even with all the wet weather the vast majority of our states experienced healthy growth. Momentum in shipments continue with solid growth in key states, same-store shipments in Florida, Georgia, Illinois, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia saw shipments growth ranging from 5% to 11%. Although California volumes were down 3%, due to several large projects that had been delayed until the second half of the year, our full-year outlook for shipments growth in California remains unchanged. In our view and that of our customers' this is demand deferred not lost. I'd like to draw your attention to Slide 7, aggregates pricing. As we've discussed before, pricing growth tends to lag volume growth. We experienced in the second quarter the initial stages of this improving pricing momentum. We are pleased with the nice increase in freight adjusted aggregates price of 6.4% in the second quarter, and we fully expect to see pricing accelerate. This is supported by the confidence we see in our customers' view of the markets. We had nine major markets where price increases ranged from $0.60 to $1.20 and another three approaching the $0.50 range. In limited instances where we didn't see such robust pricing it was a function of product mix. We experienced much larger shipments of basin pines on new construction and large projects especially in Virginia and North Carolina. Growing volume in basin pines may detract from price but improves overall profitability. Prices will escalate throughout the year as new prices are initiated and as we finish older jobs. At this point, we also expect second half price increases to exceed 8%. Pricing momentum for Vulcan will continue. We are focused on earning a good return on the significant investments that we in this industry make on behalf of our customers. We talk a lot about the three profit drivers that are expanding our margins and profits, because they are important. On Slide 8 you can see that our second-quarter and trailing 12 month gross profit per ton increased 21% and 23% respectively. So in the quarter, price was up $0.71 per ton, but gross profit margin was up $0.76 per ton. Our sales and operations team continue to do an outstanding job turning demand into higher profitability. Nobody in the business does a better job of managing the combination of price, operating inefficiencies, volume and products. We continue to be excited about the ongoing very positive trend in unit margin expansion for Vulcan. It's not a new story. As you can see, on Slide 9 we have now seen eight consecutive quarters of expanding unit margin. Since our volumes began to grow in the second half of 2013 our gross profit per ton has increased sharply, and we are now seeing the additional benefits of strong and ongoing improvement in pricing. Our unit profitability is higher than when these operations we're producing twice the volume. In the most recent quarter we saw an increase in repair maintenance and labor costs. This is not surprising. Growing volumes are requiring us to run our operations longer resulting in more repairs, and wet weather negatively impacts labor inefficiencies. This is something that we will be managing very carefully even as we see pricing momentum and continued unit margin expansion that more than offsets these costs. Even though we are still in the early stages of recovery, we are very pleased with this momentum. Demand for our products continues to escalate, and I am extremely proud of the way our people are focused on unit margin growth. Slide 10 shows our incremental margin performance in our aggregate segment. Incremental gross profit margin for the second quarter was 74% excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during 2014. Aggregates gross profit grew by $44 million on incremental freight adjusted revenues of $59 million. Including the impact of acquisitions, the incremental margin was 61% with a gross margin on those revenues impacted by acquisition accounting and weather. Since quarterly figures can be distorted by seasonality or one-time costs we also present the same metric calculated on a trailing 12 month basis. For the trailing 12 months that ended this quarter, incremental gross profit margin was 72% adjusted for the same acquisitions. Aggregates gross profit increased approximately $157 million on incremental revenues of $219 million. Given our strategic focus on the aggregates business our ability to take that revenue to the bottom line is a big advantage to Vulcan as volumes continue to recover. With that, I will now turn the call over to John for additional comments regarding our earnings performance and outlook for the remainder of the year. John?
John McPherson: Thanks, Tom. I'll start with Slide 11 which effectively serves as capstone to many of the metrics and trends Tom just highlighted. On this Slide, we summarize the improvement in our aggregate segment results since the recovery in volumes began in the second half of 2013. Before the recovery began, our annualized aggregates volumes troughed at 140 million tons. That was two years ago. As of the quarter just ended our trailing 12 month shipments are 170 million tons. So we've added 30 million tons of aggregate shipments on an annualized basis. This gain reflects a sustained early recovery but remains well below the shipments we'd expect under normal demand conditions. Now, importantly we've been able to increase segment gross profit by just over $260 million during this two-year period with per ton gross profit increasing more than $1 or over 40%. Certainly a central part of our strategic and operational focus remains on sustaining these trends and fully capitalizing on the continued recovery toward normal levels of demand for the materials we provide. Now let me turn to Slide 12 to briefly look at our asphalt and concrete segment results for the quarter. These businesses also performed well in the quarter especially given weather related challenges in Texas, Virginia, Arizona and New Mexico. Our local management of these operations continues to service customers well while also effectively managing material margins. And segment results for both asphalt and concrete have benefited from recent transactions that better focus our asset portfolio. Year-to-date the gross profit from these businesses has exceeded plans despite weather related challenges. Looking at the asphalt segment, you see the gross profit for the quarter was approximately $21 million, a year-over-year improvement of $12 million driven by strong cost disciplines and margin management as well as the impact of acquired operations. On a same-store basis, asphalt volumes increased 8% from the prior-year, and unit profitability increased sharply. In looking at the concrete segment, you see second quarter gross profit was approximately $5 million compared to $3 million in the prior year as margin improvements helped offset the impact of work deferred due to weather including a record wet June in the Virginia, Maryland area where we have our largest concrete operation. Moving now to capital allocation, Slide 13 highlights certain second-quarter actions and updates consistent with our previously communicated capital allocation priorities and capital structure goals. These priorities and goals have not changed, and we continue to work diligently against them. First, we continue to make the CapEx investments necessary to sustain the long-term value of our franchise and to meet our customers rising requirements. Our core CapEx spending for the year remains in line with prior communications at approximately $250 million. In addition, we've committed to replace two of our three Panamax-class ships which transport product from our high-volume quarry in Mexico. The vessels being replaced have over 30 years of service each, and the advantages of our Bluewater distribution network easily merit the investment. We expect progress payments on the construction of the new ships to be approximately $36 million this year with another $85 million spread across 2016 and 2017. Next, we intend to maintain our financial strength and flexibility at all parts of the cycle. Consistent with this goal we've now completed the major components of the refinancing plan outlined during our February investor day and discussed at length during our first quarter call. These accomplishments include extending maturities on approximately $620 million of debt otherwise due over the next five years, establishing a new $750 million unsecured credit facility, and lowering our average weighted -- or lowering our weighted average interest rate. Our second quarter results include $45 million or $0.24 per diluted share of expense associated with this activity. In addition, we took steps in the second quarter to streamline our corporate legal entity structure. These actions improve our flexibility and reduce certain should of burdens, for example, significantly reducing the number of state income tax filings we prepare. We expect another outcome to be a more appropriate and efficient allocation of interest expense and overall taxable income across the states in which we operate. We currently anticipate a $3 million to $5 reduction in the annual state tax expense or an approximately 100 basis point reduction in our overall effective tax rate for 2015. In addition, we may be able to utilize over time all or a portion of approximately $60 million in state level NOLs which may otherwise have expired unused. Next, we continue to pursue bolt on acquisitions. During the second quarter for example we acquired three aggregates facilities and seven ready mix operations in Arizona and New Mexico for approximately $21 million complementing our existing positions in those markets. The pipeline of bolt on acquisition opportunities remains active. But we will remain a disciplined buyer, and as such the number, size and timing of future transactions remains difficult to predict. As our performance improves, so does our capacity to return capital to shareholders. We continue to believe that we will have the ability to both reinvest for growth and return capital to shareholders as the recovery toward normal demand unfolds. Now let me take a couple -- now let me make a couple of comments about end markets and then our outlook for the balance of 2015 before handing the call back to Tom for some closing remarks and Q&A. As Tom noted earlier, and as you can see reflected in our Q2 results, construction activity continues to recover in Vulcan served markets, although it remains far below long-term trend levels. Looking through the weather and the noise in Congress, we and our customers continue to see gradually improving demand in each of the major end markets we serve. Shipping rates on clear days underscore our recovery demand across geographies and across end uses. With few exceptions, construction activity in our markets remains well below long-term through cycle trends, but the recovery continues. That would be the main message here. Now to touch briefly on some of the underlying trends in private and public construction. With respect to private demand we continue to see manufacturing and other industrial related projects contributing to significant nonresidential construction growth. And as you probably know, housing starts despite month-to-month volatility continue to trend upward across most Vulcan served markets. On the public side, large projects have driven recent strength in Highway awards. State and local level funding initiatives support continued growth in road and other infrastructure spending particularly in the intermediate term. At the federal level, we remain optimistic that a multiyear bill may pass sometime in the fall. Tom will have more to say on this in a moment, but the need for a meaningful multi-year program is understood on both sides of the aisle, and recent developments have been well covered in the press. So to the extent we harbor modest concerns regarding our full-year 2015 volumes relative to plan, they primarily relate back to first half weather and the capacity of our customers to complete deferred work during the remainder of the available construction season. In several of our markets, key customers find themselves six or more weeks behind on scheduled work, and they face short-term challenges in adding the capacity required to catch up. In addition, the extension into the fall of uncertainty regarding the federal Highway program may impact the start date and timing of shipments to certain road infrastructure projects. Again, the marginal risk we see to 2015 shipment is one of timing and potential deferral into 2016. Now I'll turn briefly to Slide 15 and our outlook for the balance of the year. As noted in our earnings release, our full-year EBITDA guidance range remains unchanged at $775 million to $825 million, this despite the weather related challenges of the first half of the year. In short, we anticipate better than expected pricing and margin momentum to offset a potential shortfall in 2015 shipments relative to plan. The continued improvement in pricing and unit margins matches our strategic focus and bodes very well for the longer-term performance and value of our franchise. I'll now touch on certain of the modest adjustments we've made to assumptions underlying our full-year EBITDA guidance. As stated previously, please view these figures as indicative midpoints of our range of expectations. We want to give you a good feel for how we see the business performing, though we don't want to convey a false sense of precision regarding each and every metric. With respect to aggregates shipments, we've reduced our midpoint expectations for the year from 180 million tons to 177 million tons. This change reflects the challenges many of our customers face as they try to catch up with deferred work, the longer than expected ramp ups in production at certain of our acquired operations, and marginally higher uncertainty regarding start dates and shipping pace for certain large projects. Our fundamental view of the continued gradual recovery and demand remains unchanged. With regard to aggregates pricing, we've raised our midpoint expectation for year-on-year growth from 6% to 7%. As Tom noted, pricing fundamentals are strong and getting stronger in many markets. We expect the rate of improvement in the second half to exceed that of the first half. At this point, we would expect these pricing trends to continue into 2016. Due to the potential shortfall in 2015 shipment volumes, we have slightly reduced our midpoint expectation for aggregate segment gross profit. We expect the rate at which incremental freight adjusted revenues flow through to incremental gross profit to remain roughly in line with recent trailing 12 month trends. Our asphalt and concrete segments have also seen rising profitability both on a same-store basis and as a result of recent acquisition, divesture and swap activity. As a result we raised our midpoint expectation for full-year gross profit from these segments from $70 million to $80 million. Our expectations for SAG, DD&A and CapEx remain largely unchanged. All in all, our businesses enjoy strong momentum in volumes, pricing, margins and capital productivity. Our teams are executing well, serving our customers well and focusing on what they can control. The underlying fundamentals of our business remain very exciting. With that, I will turn the call back over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Hill: Thanks, John. As John stated it we are confident in our full-year outlook. We are pleased with our team's performance in the second quarter despite the challenges of extreme weather. Our markets continue to improve in each market segment and across most of our geographic footprint. This growing demand is causing pricing momentum to pick up robustly which is clearly demonstrated in the second quarter results. I am confident in our employees' ability to execute on the disciplines of operating efficiencies that drive cost control and customer service that drives value and price all of which improve our unit profitability. We are very proud of our employees' hard work and dedication. We are also pleased with the level of activity on the Highway bill in Congress over the last two weeks. This culminated on July 30 in the Senate's passage of a new six-year bill the Drive Act. The Senate and house also last week passed a three-month extension to Map 21, the current bill. This will allow the house time to complete work on its version of the new bill. House and Senate leadership has stated their intention to go to conference with their respective bills and send a new, multi-year built to the President for his signature in the fall. This gathering momentum in Congress to address federal highway investments coupled with growing initiatives to improve roads in many states is very encouraging. We along with many other transportation stakeholders will continue to press for additional much-needed investments in America's aging infrastructure. As we look forward to the balance of 2015, and into 2016 we are excited about the accelerating momentum and demand in pricing and the improving execution by our employees. They are finding new ways to improve this Company and our profitability every day. Now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we will be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Trey Grooms from Stephens.
Trey Grooms: Good morning, guys.
Tom Hill: Good morning, Trey.
Trey Grooms: Tom, you mentioned accelerating demand. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color around what you are seeing in specific geographic markets now that the weather has started to cooperate. If you could kind of give us an idea more specifically there.
Tom Hill: Overall we are seeing growth in all market segments as I stated and in the vast majority of our geography. About half of our individual markets we think will experience double digit growth this year. So all across the board we are seeing strong demand. Texas is probably the hottest market we have even with the impact of weather we saw same-store shipments volume up 8% in Texas. Florida continues to be extremely healthy. I think we were up some 11% in Florida for the quarter; Georgia very, very healthy. And actually Georgia got hit a little bit with weather, but there's -- that demand is just pushed back, and every time the sun comes out in Georgia, where shipping very strongly. So overall everything is -- the vast majority of the market is going well. If there is a spot that was a little behind the rest of the country I would say it was Alabama, Mississippi, that area. As I stated, California while the second quarter was a little slow because we had some jobs pushed back, and it may be a little bit behind the rest of the country, overall its demand growth is steady.
Trey Grooms: Okay, great. Thanks for that color. You guys have been putting up some really good incrementals, great unit margins continuing to improve. Just wondering at what point -- I know John mentioned again, touched on the mid-cycle demand expectation of 250 million tons or so. At what point in this recovery coming off of 170 LTM tons do we start to see these incrementals start to slow down some or subside a little bit and maybe the unit margins start to slow with the growth there or improvement?
John McPherson: I think as we talk about these same operations in the peak would've done 300 million tons, we're sitting at as we said 177 million so -- and we said norm was 255 million, so we've got a long ways to go before we start looking at any reduction in incremental revenue -- in incremental returns.
Tom Hill: Trey, all I would add is that while in a few areas we are seeing some rising costs -- some trends in rising costs we are able to manage those so far. You see that in our margin performance. Our operator to local teams did a fantastic job. We don't see any immediate or near-term change in the recent trajectory but I would reiterate that our more long-term, through the cycle commentary and guidance on flow-throughs, is more on the order of 60% than the recent trends you've seen. But that said, don't take that as a signal that we expect some eminent decline in recent performance.
Trey Grooms: Understood. And then on asphalt, very strong, the incrementals and the margins there tracking well above our expectations. Is there anything going on in the quarter there? Do you expect these trends to continue in asphalt?
John McPherson: As the asphalt segment was up some $12 million, $9 million of that was on -- without the same-store basis. $3 million was the acquisition. So we are pleased -- you've got to remember a lot of that asphalt is in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona so they did have the headwinds of weather, so we're very pleased with our operating group being able to deliver value to our customers, manage material margins and operating costs and give customer service with all of that rain. That's tough to do. On top of that, the $3 million that improvement due from the recent acquisitions, we believe that that's a sign those have been integrated well and quickly. In those -- in that, we've got a lot of talent, that we are glad to add to the team. Both the same-store and the acquisitions we're pleased with performance. I don't see anything in this that would slow that down at this point.
Trey Grooms: Thanks a lot for the color. Good luck.
John McPherson: Trey and for others, just to remind people folks newer to our business, we tend to earn pretty good returns on capital in the asphalt segment through the cycle and over time, so we are pleased with those investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thanks for taking my questions today. First, is a clarification from acquisition contribution in the quarter both on a top line and a EBIT or operating margin -- operating earnings contribution. You may have had this but I may have missed it. How many tons of aggregates were acquired?
Tom Hill: I think that the tonnage in Q2 from acquisitions was a little north of $1 million. If you look at the overall performance of our acquisitions, we are pleased with it. We had slightly higher costs that was due to two things. Remember a lot of those were in Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico and Arizona, again, the weather issue which both dampened shipments and hurt us on cost. We also recognized in a couple of those operations that with some capital and some modifications, we could greatly improve our long-term product offering, quality of our products, and operating efficiencies. So you had those modifications in the first half of the year. I think those are starting to come -- we'll see the fruits of those probably in a quarter or two. But overall, I think we're pleased with it. We are on track to hit the plan that we had for EBITDA of $40 million to $50 million, and I think my folks have done a good job with the integration.
John McPherson: Kathryn, just as a reminder for everyone, we acquired not only some aggregates operations but also some good asphalt and concrete operations. So in total for the quarter the revenue from those operations was approximately $50 million. As they get ramped up and as we put some additional costs into them as we ramp them up and I'd say ramp them up and as Tom mentioned hit some particular product needs of particular customer groups, the EBITDA contribution in the quarter was about $11 million year-to-date. About $16 million from those acquisitions and generally on track as Tom said with our expectations.
Tom Hill: Let me correct one thing. That volume was just north of $1.4 million, I misspoke, in aggregates.
Kathryn Thompson: Helpful color on that. In terms of aggregate pricing. We always understand since it's a local market, and it's -- also pricing can be vary widely according to geography and then also to mix. With that in mind, do you -- two-part question. One, with pricing accelerating as the year progresses, how much of this is a function of higher magnitude price increases versus a greater mix of higher priced markets finally gaining pricing? Thank you.
Tom Hill: I think in all pricing was up in all markets except for Virginia. And that was really a mix issue. We had some very large sales of base and fines which as we say is a good thing. We like that. It actually improves our profitability. We are seeing robust price increases in most of our markets. I'll give you a little flavor on that. If you looked at South Carolina, Arizona, Alabama, we saw price increases from $0.40 to $0.50 in the second quarter. In the middle of the country which would be Tennessee, Kentucky, Arkansas and Illinois, we saw price increases in the $0.60 to $0.75 per ton range. And then we saw in a few markets we saw some very marked price jumps in the $0.80 to $1.20 a ton range in California, Florida, Georgia and Texas. But overall our -- it's still a local business, and our local teams are working hard to make sure we deliver value and quality and service to our customers. I think we have a lot of confidence that the pricing momentum is across all markets, and we feel good about it at this point.
John McPherson: Kathryn, I think those are the most important points. We haven't had much tailwind to pricing at based on geographic mix if that was your question. It's more prices across many, many markets improving.
Kathryn Thompson: That was just to the point I was going to follow up on. Given you haven't seen a tailwind from geographic mix and you are also flowing through costs from acquired assets, you should see theoretically, all things equal, improving incremental margins as the year progresses.
Tom Hill: All things being equal.
Kathryn Thompson: Absolutely understood.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: Hey guys, congrats on a nice quarter.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Ted Grace: I was hoping to follow up on Trey's question first on the demand side. Mother Nature wiling, we've got three to four months left on the construction season. To the degree you are comfortable framing out how you're thinking about the out year, it would be great just to get a sense for what the leading edge indicators are that you're looking at, how quoting activity seems this early looking out into 2016 kind of maybe quarterly business review highlights. Anything you can point to on that front that would be helpful handholding.
John McPherson: Ted, this is John. Why don't I give a couple of numbers just to lay out a couple benchmarks maybe and Tom will add some additional market color in terms of what we're seeing from customers. All in all, we estimate that we've had about 4 million tons of aggregate shipments to start there deferred out of the first half. You can tell that we expect to catch up maybe about 1 million of those in the balance of the year, just by the change in our indicative guidance. A lot of that will, as you said, depend on Mother Nature and how long the remainder of the construction season is. And it really depends a good bit on how well many of our customers, and Tom can comment more, how much capacity they can add, and how much work they can just get done. To give you a rough sense of the 4 million tons we have seen deferred on the first-half roughly we'd expect to catch up about 1 million tons of that in the second half. That is less a function of any demands concern and just more a function of the time and capacity of our customers to get their work completed.
Tom Hill: I think well said. Ted, as you said we probably have four months of solid season left. It will come down to constraints from contractors. Can they get in to get the job? How many ready mix trucks can they get? How fast can they get crews laying asphalt? But overall, remember this is work that we see if we don't get it in the third quarter, fourth-quarter this year it will follow in the first or second quarter of next year. So it won't go away. It's just postponed. And it's very normal when we have this kind of weather to see it push back, and when the sun comes out we are shipping hard.
Ted Grace: Okay. So, maybe asked a little bit differently, if we were to think about the comments on a gradual recovery, normal recovery, would it be fair to think, at least the way you're thinking internally, is growth rates of end markets in 2016 could approximate 2015? Anything you might share on that end?
John McPherson: Ted, we haven't giving any guidance, obviously, and we will do that at the right time but there's nothing -- overall across what is a fairly diversified geographic portfolio for us, we don't see anything at this point that would indicate a slowing momentum heading into next year.
Ted Grace: Okay. That's really helpful.
John McPherson: There are always state specific issues, right? But across the portfolio in total, although we're not giving guidance, we don't see any decline in momentum.
Ted Grace: That's helpful. The second point of clarification, could you give us a bridge on EBITDA 2Q 2014 to 2Q 2015 -- I know there pricing is a tailwind, volumes are tailwind, energy is a tailwind, acquisitions are tailwinds. Can you just maybe help bridge it so we can understand the headwinds more granularly. I know R&M, labor was up, SG&A, a bridge there would be great, and I'll get back in queue.
Tom Hill: Really I think the only headwind that we saw was probably (inaudible) was costs in the quarter was slightly higher. Labor costs, and I mentioned R&M were up. The labor piece, weather causes inefficiencies in the stone operation, actually ready mix and asphalt also, but -- so weather affected labor. It also affected the rest of our operating efficiencies and tons per gallon of fuel and electrical power. We are also beginning to run our plant with increased demand. We're starting to run our plants a little harder and longer. When you start to do this to start finding a few weak spots in the fixed equipment. We also took the opportunity in the second quarter when we were down to do repairs so R&M costs was up. But if you look at it from a longer-term view, our year-to-date cost is down about $0.10. On a same-store basis it's down $0.16, trailing 12 month is down $0.22. But the disciplines in operating efficiencies and operating costs is something that everybody focuses on every day. It is something you just got to stay on top of, or it will get away. I think our people are very focused on the things they control and the efficiencies in those operations. The headwind that I saw in the quarter was really one of cost and it was a mix of R&M and weather-related inefficiencies.
John McPherson: Ted, if it helps at the gross profit line we basically as Tom was describing had a wash between some diesel benefits we had and other cost increases. So on a per unit basis that was cost structure basically a wash at the gross profit line so really the biggest bridge, if you will, of course, gets back to volume. And again if we had 4 million tons deferred out of the first half of aggregates we would estimate that's about a $35 million impact or so plus or minus at the EBITDA line. But the biggest factor in the quarter -- the costs were ultimately a wash, managed well. Volume of course is a headwind. If that's helpful.
Ted Grace: I can get more into that offline. Thanks and best of luck this quarter, guys.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Armstrong from Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a good quarter. My first question, a follow-up on the asphalt segment. How much of the incremental operating margin was impacted due to oil prices, and if oil was a significant part of that, do you believe that you'll have to pass on some of that as the year progresses, or will you be able to maintain those margin levels for the remainder of the year?
Tom Hill: There were definitely tailwinds with oil, but I think you have to look at it to separate that out when you're running over 50 asphalt plants and across the whole Southwest is really difficult to do. It's really a matter of managing the usage of oil with recycled asphalt products, recycled shingles each mix design maximizing it out and then maximizing operating efficiencies and the costs just to run the operation along with sales and service and value and price. So I think to try to separate that out is pretty tough to do. As far as giving that back, giving back any savings on oil, we don't see -- we don't see that -- those headwinds at this point. You don't know that for sure, but I think that right now we're pretty confident in our ability to manage the combination of customer service material margin operating costs and continue what we're doing today.
James Armstrong: Thank you. And then on the aggregate segment as we go into the back half of the year, have the regions in which you are seeing pricing momentum changed from what you saw in the first half of the year, and can you detail that a little bit more for us?
Tom Hill: I don't know that anything has changed as far as the momentum we see in the pricing. Obviously, the margins that are more mature in the recovery margins because price lags volume are seeing the bigger jump in pricing. But overall I think the trend is pretty steady. I think it will continue. Not only is it steady, but it will continue to improve as we go forward and as we said earlier, we'll be back half loaded with a price improvement.
John McPherson: The range varies substantially across markets but I think to come back to what Tom said, I think all of our states saw pricing increase in the same-store basis at some level. So a trend if we went back a few quarters would be that it's broadening. The rates vary substantially across states, but the trend would be that it's been broadening.
James Armstrong: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timna Tanners from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
PT Luther: Hi, John, it's actually PT Luther in for Timna today. You made some pretty universally positive comments in terms of demand trends. I just wanted to check and see if you are seeing much leakage just from the weaker energy markets in any of your -- among any of your customers maybe in LNG projects things like that.
Tom Hill: If you look at the energy projects along the coast, the LNG projects, the refinery projects we are actually seeing that continue to pick up. My guess is we'll ship over 2 million tons to that segment on the coast. Remember, the reason why we are so advantaged with our blue water delivery to those projects require big volumes by water in a short amount of time. So if you put that over 2 million to 2.5 million tons this year I would tell you that next year for what we know right now we will -- and this is what we have probably under contract we'd be just south of 2 million tons. Is probably on the drawing board another 8 million tons in projects that are out there that haven't bid, they are still in the permitting or planning process. So no slowdown in the energy projects along the coast.
PT Luther: Great. Thanks. In terms of the pricing momentum you're talking about in the second half, is that primarily from price hikes that you've already implemented and announced in the first half? Or does some of that assume some additional price hikes in the second half as well?
Tom Hill: As we always say, our pricing is across dozens of markets, so each one is individual. Then you've got, within those markets, you have fixed plants where you have got price increases that come at all different times of the year. And then you've got quoted work which you are pressing price with each quote, each week. So, it is a combination of what we've secured, pricing that will quote higher in the second half and then announced price increases in the second half. And then you are also working off of old work, so you've got to put all that into the mix and again you've got to aggregate all those pricing movements across all those markets.
PT Luther: Great, that's helpful. Thanks again.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Garik Shmois from Longbow Research
Garik Shmois: Hi, thank you and congratulations. First question is on diesel had a nice benefit here in the second quarter. Coming into the beginning of the year we thought there could be potential upside because of diesel savings. Just wondering how you're thinking about diesel costs in the back half of the year as it relates to your overall EBITDA guidance.
Tom Hill: I think if you look at our guidance, this goes into individual operations, and so there is diesel savings built in from a ground-up perspective in the second half of the year. There's also built into that is labor costs and repair and maintenance costs and operating supply and parts. So I think when you put all that together if you look at our guidance we do have diesel built into it.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks. I guess it's fair to assume that some of the other costs you've mentioned will partially offset.
John McPherson: I think that's the right way to think about it, Garik, I don't know that we're the world's best to predicting future diesel prices and those kinds of things, but we will begin to comp over, if you will, lower costs as we get into the third and fourth quarter. So I think you summed it up well which is, we would expect to continue to manage to improving margins in the second half in total, and underneath that is a mix of several factors probably a little help from diesel costs, probably a little bit higher repair and maintenance costs than we have seen in the past.
Garik Shmois: Makes sense. Shifting to capital allocation, you mentioned think it was $30 million or so to update your Panamax fleet. Just wondering if this is in relation to any sort of capacity addition that you are undergoing in the Cancun facility and if we should anticipate increased volumes coming out for your long-haul operations?
Tom Hill: These are specific replacements for the ships that we started that operation with. So those ships are some 30 years old. It's time for them to retire for all kinds of reasons. Now what we will get in the new ships is, with technology, we'll have a little more payload. We'll have much better fuel efficiency's and probably a little better speed out of the ships, so we'll get better efficiencies, but the bottom line of that is those ships are replacements.
Garik Shmois: Okay. I'll ask the highway bill question. You sounded pretty optimistic in your prepared remarks around a new highway bill. Just wondering, it's early, but if you could provide some thoughts on if we do get a multi-year bill towards the end of the year potentially what kind of volume opportunity would that imply for aggregates demands moving forward?
Tom Hill: I don't know that we put a number to that, because we've got so many unknowns in that highway bill and what does it mean. We have not at this point. The one thing I will say is that a long-term bill, even at the funding we have today, is a good thing for us. Because it gives security to those states so that -- we've got a number of states that are pushing back big jobs because they don't have security that they're going to get paid by the federal government. So worst-case if we get flat funding with a long-term bill we look at it as a very good thing. At the same time, we've got a number of states which have already substantially increased their funding, and we have a number of very key states to us including California which are looking at ways -- recognize that they have to increase their funding and are taking steps towards that. So overall, with the steps that the Senate is taking and that the house is taking we're pleased with it. We've got high hopes for it. We think we've got a lot of momentum. And on top of that you've got the momentum of improving state funding or the recognition that state funding has to increase.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Thanks again.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Just to continue the discussion on the regulatory side. California is in session, or the legislature is in session about potentially increasing state highway funding. How optimistic are you that something goes through and what's your sense on where that process stands now? [Multiple Speakers]
Tom Hill: Let me give you a little background on California. Their highway bill right now is at about $11 billion annually. If things stay status quo, they've cut that to about 5% to about $10.5 billion. They recognize that they have to take steps to not only keep that whole but to improve it. There's Senate Bill 16 which is out there right now which would increase it by another $3 billion. It is too early to give you a guess on that at this point or a prediction. I think the good thing is that they recognize that they have a shortfall. They're going to have to address it, and they are taking steps for it. Of there's any place that needs roads, California sure does. They do recognize it, and the leadership there is taking steps to improve it.
Jerry Revich: What's your sense on timing? How do you expect it to play out what are the negative -- 
Tom Hill: Too early to tell. I think it's too early to tell. I wouldn't take a guess at it at this point.
Jerry Revich: In the press release you highlighted stripping costs just naturally in mine plans evolve as companies get price increases. Can you just counsel us on how to think about stripping costs over the next couple of years? How much are you changing mine plans as pricing is picking up here?
Tom Hill: I don't know that were changing mine plans with pricing. That wouldn't drive a mine plan. It's really based on the long-term operations of a quarry. Obviously as volume goes up you just have to strip more because you have your producing more tons. I think other times, as we are opportunistic when we strip, so it may be that when we are not running operations for whatever reason we take the crew and equipment and go strip because is it's just good sense and good use of costs. But overall, I don't see -- price doesn't have an impact, volume obviously does, because you just have to strip more with more volume. And in each individual mine, it's based on what that operation has to do for the long-term. We're running these operations for decades, not a few years, so -- and stripping is the big part of the long-term planning.
Jerry Revich: Alright, thank you.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Thalhimer: [Indiscernible] Thanks.
Tom Hill: Good morning.
Adam Thalhimer: John, I think you said for this year -- you did say for this year up 7% price you were previously saying up 6%. I thought I heard you say that that level of pricing growth is a good number for 2016 as well. Is that right?
John McPherson: I think what we said -- I wouldn't put down a specific level, but we currently see this kind of pricing momentum continuing into 2016. It's not just -- this is a more structural trend in our business. It's not a one or two or three quarter trend. But not trying to give you guidance for any specific number for 2016.
Tom Hill: Let me add a little bit to that. I think it's more about momentum. And you are seeing -- we told you that price was going to follow volume. And that as volume continued to grow, pricing would grow behind it. And that was very apparent in the second quarter. I think as we continue to see volume grow, you will continue to see pricing momentum grow. Not just the percentage, but overall pricing will continue to accelerate.
Adam Thalhimer: You gave a good breakdown of volume by month in Q2. I'm just curious whether you can share figures for July.
John McPherson: No, we're not -- we can't give guidance at this point on that.
Adam Thalhimer: Worth a shot. And just in general it feels like volume -- it feels like you've been a little conservative with the volume expeditions in the back half. I guess you're assuming that 3 million tons are either lost because of the weather or maybe push to 2016?
Tom Hill: I think for sure they are not lost. Those jobs are not going away. Our customers have a backlog and are going to do the work. It's really a matter of if you look at hundreds of jobs and even the fixed plant with hundreds of jobs, can they get on that job? Can they get it all done in the compressed amount of time they have to do it in the construction season 2015? So if they don't get it done, it will push back into first quarter, second quarter of 2016. If you look at asphalt for example, asphalt and our ready mix plant is do they have the plant capacity and the truck capacity to catch up from where they are? Again, it's not lost. If it doesn't happen in 2015, it will happen in 2016. As I said earlier, this is really normal for when we have severe weather like this. We'll do the work. It's just a matter of timing.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. Thanks, Tom.
Tom Hill: Thank you.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I'll now hand the call back over to Tom Hill, President and CEO, for your closing remarks.
Tom Hill: Thank all of you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. We are proud of our second quarter, and we look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. We'll talk to you then. Thank you.
Operator: This is the end of today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Warren - Director of Investor Relations James Thomas Hill - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John R. McPherson - Chief Financial & Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Garik Simha Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Collin Andrew Verron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Company First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Tabatha, and I'll be your conference call coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Warren, Director of Investor Relations for Vulcan Materials. Mr. Warren, you may begin.
Mark D. Warren: Thank you, Tabatha, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today for this call are Tom Hill, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. Please note, a slide presentation will accompany the prepared remarks by management and is available via the webcast. A copy of this presentation as well as a replay of the conference call will be available following the conclusion of this call at the company's website. Before we begin the actual results and the outlook, I refer you to Slide 2 of our presentation regarding forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of this presentation. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Vulcan's Chief Executive Officer, Tom Hill. Tom, you can proceed with the call.
James Thomas Hill: Thank you, Mark. We are very pleased with our performance in the first quarter. Despite bad weather in many of our markets, we enjoyed strong earnings growth and margin expansion on higher revenues, underscoring my confidence in our full year outlook. We're excited about the continuity and accelerating demand across our markets. We're excited about increasing pricing momentum, and pricing will continue to escalate throughout the year. We're also very pleased with our operating performance in the quarter. In spite of the difficulties posed by bad weather, our local teams did a great job driving incremental revenue to the bottom line, balancing price, volume, sales and production mix, along with operating efficiencies and leverage. The first quarter is always choppy, but we still saw healthy growth and good operating execution. Adjusted EBITDA was up 97%, total gross profit increased 128%, and same-store shipments increased 9%. Cash gross profit per ton increased 17%, with strong flow-through in aggregates gross profit, 68%, on incremental freight-adjusted revenue. Same-store pricing increased 4%, with strong pricing momentum across most markets. With improving market conditions and our focus on profit improvements, both pricing and margins continue to expand. We are extremely well-positioned to achieve strong earnings growth in 2015 and beyond. Slide 3 shows the quality of our first quarter execution. It shows how we continue to convert incremental revenues into earnings growth. Total revenues, excluding freight and delivery, increased 8%, while adjusted EBITDA almost doubled to $77 million. This was due to strong earnings growth in aggregates and earnings improvement in each of our non-aggregates segments, while we held SAG cost flat. Our profitability continued to improve significantly whether measured by a margin percentage or per-unit profit. We achieved these results despite the prolonged bad weather in many key markets. Now let's look at our aggregate shipments map on Slide 4. I like the color of this slide. Momentum in shipments continue, with strong growth in key states such as California, Florida, Texas, Virginia, North Carolina and Illinois. Volume in Texas was up 22% or 15% on a same-store basis, and North Carolina was up 29% despite bad weather. Georgia volumes were down due to extremely bad weather, but Georgia construction activity continues to heat up and Georgia is on the road to a very good run. Slide 5 shows the continuing volume growth across Vulcan's footprint. This momentum is driven by strengthening private construction activity and supported by highway construction. It's occurring across all end-use segments. This is a result of the increasing number of large projects and growing highway demand as states ramp up their highway programs. Shipments grew 13% in total and 9% on a same-store basis in the first quarter, even with the impact of bad weather in the Mid-Atlantic, the Southeast and in Texas. The growth rate in aggregates volume on a trailing 12-month same-store basis has continued to accelerate, led by strong growth in Florida, Illinois, North Carolina, Texas and Virginia, while aggregate shipments in California and Georgia also had solid growth. We continue to see healthy price growth, and pricing momentum is accelerating. We had a number of markets with high single-digit or double-digit price increases. For example, Miami was up almost $1.50 per ton; Tampa, over $2.40; Charlotte, over $1.70; Charleston, almost $2 per ton; and the Houston market was up $2; and overall, Texas prices were up over 10%. We did have some headwinds on both geographic and product mix, with high volumes in lower-price states like Arizona and Illinois, and much larger shipments of base and finds on new construction and large projects, especially in Virginia and North Carolina. Now this is not a bad thing as the volume and product splits helped our overall profitability. We continue to see confidence in our customers' view of the market and their acceptance of price increases. There will be a lot more to come as we have secured April price increases in a number of key markets. For example, Texas, Georgia and Alabama all secured new increases of over $1 a ton in April. Prices will escalate throughout the year as new prices -- as new price increases are initiated and realized on both fixed plant work and new bid work. The pricing momentum is what you have come to expect from our industry and from Vulcan. What we are equally excited about is our ability to take top line freight-adjusted revenue growth straight to the bottom line. In our last couple of calls, we've talked about the 3 profit drivers that are expanding margins and profits. On Slide 7, you can see our gross profit per ton increased 62%. So in the quarter, price was up $0.44 per ton, but gross profit was up $0.80. Our sales and operating teams continue doing an outstanding job of turning demand growth into higher levels of profitability. They are the best in the business at managing the mix of price, operating efficiencies, volume and product. This story of unit margin expansion isn't a new one for us. There's a trend here, not just a quarter story. As you can see on Slide 8, looking at this over time, we've continued to compound unit profitability faster than pricing. During the last 12 months, our freight-adjusted average unit price has increased 3% or $0.30 per ton. Over that same time period, our gross profit per ton has increased 19% or $0.63 per ton. This is a higher unit profit than when these operations were producing twice the volume. We are still in the early stages of recovery. We are very pleased with this momentum. Demand for our products continues to accelerate, and I am extremely proud of the way our people are focused on unit margin growth. Slide 9 illustrates our incremental margin performance in our aggregate segment. Incremental gross profit margin for the quarter was 68%, excluding the impact of acquisitions completed in 2014. Aggregates gross profit grew by $31 million on incremental freight-adjusted revenues of $46 million. Including the impact of acquisitions, the incremental margin was 52% as the gross margin on those revenues was impacted by acquisition accounting and seasonality. Since quarterly figures could be distorted by weather or onetime costs, we are also presenting the same metric calculated on a trailing 12-month basis. For the trailing 12 months that ended this quarter, incremental gross profit margin was also 68%, adjusted for the same acquisition. Aggregates gross profit increased approximately $148 million on incremental revenues of $229 million. Given our strategic focus on the aggregates business, gross profit flow-through is a big advantage to Vulcan as volumes continue to recover. With Slide 10, we can step back and look at the big picture, seeing the significant progress in the aggregates segment of our business. Before the recovery began, our annualized volumes troughed at 140 million tons for the 12 months ending in the second quarter of 2013. Since that time, we've added 26 million tons on an annualized basis. Nice, but still a far cry from normal demand. However, we've been able to increase segment gross profit by $216 million, with unit margins increasing 35%. Again, our people were executing on the disciplines that grow gross profit. These results also foreshadow the earnings power of our aggregates business as we return to more normal levels of demand and as pricing fundamentals begin to improve. Slide 11 shows our asphalt and concrete results for the quarter. Both of these businesses are improving on a same-store basis and as a result of transactions that we have made to improve our portfolio. Asphalt gross profit for the quarter was approximately $9 million, a year-over-year improvement of $4 million, driven by higher margins and earnings from existing operations. On a same-store basis, asphalt volumes increased 6% from the prior year. Unit profitability increased sharply. First quarter concrete gross profit was $1 million compared to a loss of $9 million in the prior year. Excluding the company's divested Florida and California concrete businesses, unit profitability improved dramatically. Gross profit increased $6 million. Now I'll turn the call over to John for comments on capital allocation and our outlook. John?
John R. McPherson: Thanks, Tom. Capital allocation and capital efficiency, of course, remained critical areas of focus for our management team, and we gear our approach towards sustained value creation for our shareholders. As it relates to the allocation of capital across our business portfolio, let me remind you that in the first quarter we completed an asset swap with CEMEX, under which we exchanged our Southern California concrete operations for 13 asphalt operations primarily in Arizona. Vulcan will continue to supply aggregates to the swapped concrete operations, and you'll see a $5.9 million gain on this transaction included in this quarter's financials. We believe this transaction will prove valuable for both parties as each should be able to earn a higher return on the acquired assets than the prior owner. Now let me turn from business development activities to the ongoing management of our capital structure and capital costs. As part of our February 25 Investor Day presentation, we outlined certain actions intended to refinance near-term maturities, lower our weighted average interest expense and extend the overall duration of our debt portfolio. Slide 12 summarizes these actions, which are now substantially complete. On March 16, we issued $400 million of 10-year notes priced at 4.5%. This issue was very well-received, and the pricing reflects our now stronger and rapidly improving credit profile. Those funds, along with borrowings under an expanded revolving credit facility, have been or will be used for the refinancing of $620 million of maturities otherwise due between now and 2018, as well as 2 smaller notes due in '21 and '22, for a total refinancing of approximately $640 million. The left-hand slide of -- side of Slide 12 summarizes the relevant sources and uses of cash. And the right-hand side of the slide presents the relevant accounting charges, both the $21.7 million incurred in Q1 and the $46.9 million we project to incur for Q2. Now let me turn briefly to Slide 13 to recap the impact of these recent transactions on our overall financial strength and flexibility. Let me first remind you that we have maintained our overall level of debt at approximately $2 billion. We're quite comfortable with that level of debt at this time given our expectations for 2015 EBITDA and our strengthening outlook. Though we have improved the structuring cost of our debt portfolio, as you see on the slide, we now effectively have no maturities due before 2018 and a total of approximately $500 million due before 2020. By the end of this year, when we refinance our 2015 notes at maturity, we will have added a modest amount of lower-cost floating rate debt to our mix, a move which makes sense for our business. In total, our weighted average interest rate will have dropped by approximately 120 basis points to 6.5%. We expect to achieve credit metrics consistent with investment-grade benchmarks during the course of this year. And as our credit position continues to strengthen, we should have further opportunities to improve the overall structure and costs of our debt portfolio. We should also have the cash flows and the investment capacity needed to both reinvest in our business and return capital to shareholders. Now let me make a couple of comments about end markets and our outlook for 2015 before handing the call back to Tom. As noted earlier and as you see reflected in our Q1 results, construction activity continues to recover in Vulcan-served markets, although it remains far below long-term trend levels. As outlined in our February call, we continue to see gradually improving demand in each of the major end markets we serve. The Federal Highway Program receives much attention at the moment and deservedly so. Like other observers, we expect an extension of the current legislation, during which time leaders in Congress will seek agreement on funding sources for a new long-term bill. Although several states have delayed work due to uncertainty at the federal level, we currently do not anticipate a major disruption to our projected volumes for 2015. In fact, given our current backlogs and the patterns of new project starts in Vulcan-served states, we remain confident in growing our shipments to public transportation and infrastructure end uses. Now the deteriorating state of the nation's transportation infrastructure and its very real cost to the average American family become more evident with each passing month. We believe that our congressional leaders understand this fact and we're hopeful that they will find a way to at least begin to address this pressing need. But amidst all this frustration at the federal level, there is some encouraging news at the state and local level. And with that in mind, we did want to highlight on Slide 14 some of the positive trends we are seeing at the state level for infrastructure funding. In general, state and local tax revenues have grown and mirrored the overall economic recovery. As state and local tax revenues approach all-time high levels, they provide stronger support for public infrastructure funding. Additionally, many states, and including several in Vulcan's service area, are tapping into other funding initiatives to bolster transportation and other infrastructure construction. At some basic level, this is a matter of responding to the demands of voters, servicing the requirements of growing population centers and, importantly, competing with other states. Our primary goal today is simply to note this important trend as it is one reason we remain confident that aggregates demand associated with public highway and infrastructure spending will at least continue to grow at a slow but steady pace for the next several years. To just briefly highlight a couple of very recent examples, I'll point to Georgia and Texas. Georgia very recently enacted new funding for its DOT, providing approximately $900 million in additional dollars annually, indexed to CPI and fuel economy standards, and a near doubling of the overall program. This legislation also eliminates or heavily constrains transfers of transportation revenues to other uses. This improved state-level funding complements the decision of several counties in Georgia to levy an additional 1% sales tax for local road funding. This is very good news for our Georgia business. In Texas, the State House and Senate each recently passed bills to increase transportation infrastructure investments further. Should final legislation be enacted along these lines, annual funding would increase by a projected $2.5 billion to $3 billion. This commitment comes on the heels of Proposition 1, approved by voters in November, and which directed approximately $1.8 billion in new funds to road repairs and maintenance. Again, these are just 2 examples of the type of action we're seeing across more and more of the states we serve. States recognize the federal program is necessary but not sufficient, and they are moving to tap new sustainable sources of revenue to protect those funds from being redirected to non-transportation usages and to invest in their future economic competitiveness. I'd now like to review our full year outlook, which you see summarized on Slide 15. We have not, at this time, adjusted our full year EBITDA guidance from the range presented in February. As we've noted many times, overall first quarter results do not always provide a reliable read-through for the full year. That said, the underlying volume and pricing fundamentals during the first quarter were certainly encouraging, and they underscore not only the improved -- the improvements embedded in our 2015 outlook, but also our longer-term targets. If diesel prices remain around current levels, we currently would expect to finish 2015 toward the high end of our EBITDA guidance range. In support of this of view and our overall sense of confidence and excitement, let me briefly walk through the assumptions underpinning our full year outlook. With respect to aggregate shipments, our 9% same-store growth in Q1 was on track with our full year outlook of up approximately 8%, despite weather deferring some shipments into later in the year. The gradual recovery in demand appears to continue across all end-use segments and across the vast majority of our geographies. We remain very excited about the continuing recovery in demand and its implications for our full year shipments. Moving now to aggregates pricing. The momentum we currently see is consistent with or trending ahead of our 6% outlook for the full year. As Tom noted, April 1 price increases appear to have held up well, and we expect to see more price improvement throughout the year. We remain confident in the 6% target, and we expect many of our markets to see price growth well in excess of that rate. Pricing fundamentals are strong and getting stronger in many markets. In terms of overall gross profit for the aggregates segment, our local teams continue to execute very well, converting well over 60% of incremental freight-adjusted revenues into gross profit. Unit margins continue to improve and to improve faster than pricing alone would indicate. Diesel prices, as noted, have provided a tailwind and have helped offset certain costs inherent in meeting rising demand during often wet, cold operating conditions. We remain very confident in the full year gross profit outlook for the segment. Our asphalt and concrete segments have also seen rising profitability, both on a same-store basis and as a result of recent acquisitions, divestitures and swap activity. These businesses remain on track to meet or exceed their full year gross profit targets, although we should note that margins in these businesses can be more difficult to forecast. And finally, SAG for the quarter remained flat to the prior year. We remain very focused on leveraging SAG expense to revenues as the recovery moves forward. All in all, our business is enjoying strong momentum in volumes, pricing, margins and capital productivity. Our teams are executing very well, serving our customers well and focusing on what they can control. If history is any guide, we're likely to hit a quarterly bump or 2 somewhere on the multiyear road to normal construction activity, but the underlying fundamentals remain very exciting. With that, I will turn the call back over to Tom for closing comments.
James Thomas Hill: Thanks, John. We're very pleased with our first quarter performance. We're pleased with the accelerating volume growth, pricing momentum and strong margin expansion across the business. We're seeing growing construction activity in our markets. We have a lot of large projects already booked and more to come. Residential and non-residential construction in our markets is growing. And key states are also rising to the challenge of increasing funding for their highway programs. Meanwhile, we remain completely focused on the execution of the business. Price improvement, lowering costs, margin growth and capital discipline. Our teams all across Vulcan's footprint are doing that. We are very excited about the opportunities we see ahead of us and look forward to sharing the good news with you in the future. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I guess I was hoping just to touch on pricing. I guess there's 2 elements to the question. One, we know reported was up about 4%. Can you talk about the headwinds and how we might calibrate around an underlying pricing number? And then the second question would be just kind of broader commentary, I know you mentioned that you're trending in line to above plan, which is good. But maybe if you could just talk about what you're seeing overall, and then if you could just compare and contrast kind of your results to kind of other data points throughout the quarter, that would be helpful just to get some context around Vulcan versus Martin and peers -- sorry, Vulcan versus peers.
James Thomas Hill: Okay. First of all, as John said, we're on track, if not ahead, I think of our 6% pricing guidance. First quarters are always, as we said, choppy, and so we saw good price increases that stuck in January. We've had very good price increases stick in April. But when you look at the first quarter, it's really not a problem from a mix or headwinds, but it's more -- it wasn't just base and finds, it's also when you have real wet, really cold weather, particularly along the East Coast, you're not shipping to what we call fixed plants, which is your asphalt and concrete customers, which is some of our highest pricing or not very much compared to other jobs. So that's also a mix impact. But if you look at the underlying momentum of what's going in pricing, we have -- it's really going very well and we have a lot of confidence in where we see ourselves at the end of the year.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And can you talk about kind of the range of price increases that you put in April 1?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, it was -- in most places, it was around $1. Texas was higher. It was anywhere from $1 to $2. And that was the range.
John R. McPherson: Ted, a couple of additional points and color to add, just to build on Tom's comments. I guess the thing we headline most is that we feel very confident of the underlying momentum, and the underlying momentum is obviously more consistent with our annual guidance than it would be the number you would see in just the first quarter. But a few other comments. I think -- and just because you asked, Ted, in comparison to other numbers, and let's just take Martin's number from last week, certainly, that's a very good headline number and we take it as another indication of the improving fundamentals in many of the markets that we serve. It's very hard for us as outsiders to make a true apples-to-apples comparison when you take into account freight impacts and geographic and product mix impacts, the impacts of the TXI acquisition and those kind of things. But that said, I think if we step back, our best guess would be that we're seeing many of the very same things. As Tom noted, our pricing in Texas for the quarter was up 10-plus percent. Our overall pricing outlook for the year, frankly, is roughly in line with Martin's new guidance, even though we don't measure pricing exactly the same way. Our flow-throughs, I think, were very consistent despite the difference in headline price numbers. So when you step back from all that, I would guess or expect that we see very much the same thing. And we, just to reiterate, again, confidence in the full year price outlook we've put out there, confidence in the trends, confidence in the ability to convert incremental shipments and pricing into gross profit and confidence in the longer-term fundamentals beyond just one quarter. What we're seeing in terms of volumes, what we're seeing in terms of price, what we're seeing in terms of margin expansion, all still on trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just to circle back around to one question real quick and ask it in a little bit different way. Did you -- did I miss it? Or can you quantify how much you think you lost from mix on that price increase number? Or is it just more of a general kind of concept?
James Thomas Hill: I think it's just really hard to do in the first quarter because of what I talk about, the mix effect of fixed plant versus just bid work, and that's really hard to pull out as opposed just base and finds. It's a big piece of where the clean stone goes and how much of it is in there.
John R. McPherson: And one thing we -- to Tom's point, I mean, it's from a one -- from a first quarter-to-first quarter can be very difficult to make accurate comparisons. The momentum is obviously stronger than the 4%, as you can tell by our full year outlook. I'd also just note that despite the strong reported numbers in terms of shipment growth, we still had, by our estimate, something on the order of 400,000 tons in each of Texas, Georgia and Virginia deferred from Q1 and delayed a quarter due to weather. And a lot of that, as Tom mentioned in his pricing comments, was fixed plant business. So again, that's not abnormal for a first quarter. But given the wet days we had in those markets and given its impact and available construction days, not an insignificant impact in the quarter, both on volumes and, by extension, on pricing.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And sticking with pricing for one more, any plans for a second round this year, either in the summer or the fall, of increases?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, you'll see a number of price increases go into effect midyear. You'll see some in October. And then as we bid work throughout the year, we will raise prices on the bid work. And as all work works off, it will impact pricing.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Great. Great. And then I want to ask kind of a general question. I think if the word for the day on the last earnings report was momentum, the word for the day this time is probably accelerating. And that's -- we would term that too in terms of price increases accelerating, volume growth accelerating. But I mean, when you think about the momentum and the business, and I know you've talked about this, but if you think about the momentum in the business, you think about the acceleration of the rate of growth here, what's that being driven by? Is that just sort of a -- you have mentioned large projects, but is it a little bit of everything everywhere? Or is there some particular end market or job type that you're seeing a lot of?
James Thomas Hill: It's, as you said it best, it's a little bit of everything everywhere. All market segments are increasing. Now the private is moving faster than the public, although we've got very good highway jobs, big jobs in our footprint that we secured and also some very big jobs along the Gulf Coast. But it is absolutely everything and all -- it's everywhere and everything. I think large projects are just a piece of it, a very nice piece, but just a piece of it.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Good. And, John, a final question just to nit. Do you have an outlook for interest expense for the year given some of the bond work that you've done?
John R. McPherson: Yes, I think you can subtract the charges from interest expense labeled in the release. It's $221 billion roughly,$218 billion. And then you've got about a $69 million of charges that you could subtract out from that, that would give you this year's interest expense. But just to keep it simple, think about a 6.5% weighted average interest rate on a $2 billion debt portfolio. And so if you think about it for next year, you're looking at about $130 million, if you just take out the, I call it the messiness of this year. And obviously, we'll give guidance around that again as we get to next year. But think about $130 million as a run rate on the $2 billion debt portfolio as it currently stands.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On your 8% organic guidance, I think you may have touched on this a little bit earlier, give as much detail of what you're expecting from the various end-user markets to make up that 8%.
James Thomas Hill: Yes, if you look at the -- if you look at highway, we'd say low single digit. Infrastructure would be low single digit. Residential would be mid- to high double digit, and non-res would be probably mid-double digit.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And within non-res, a distinction there between manufacturing versus office and things like that, any view there?
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think it's 2 things. It's your traditional non-res, which is office buildings, malls, buildings. It's also -- we've seen big growth in very large projects. As I mentioned earlier, the energy projects along the coast, we'll probably ship almost 3 million tons to those projects this year. And they're special to us because of our unique position in Mexico and our ability to supply those jobs via ships in the quantity and in the time that they need to be supplied. So -- and so that's not a 1-year play. We'll see that much volume or more in 2016. Those are also very, very profitable jobs again because of the advantage we have with blue water transportation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: The first, with oil prices remaining lower than last year, what are you seeing in the asphalt business? Are prices declining there? Or are you seeing any volume pickup from the lower prices? Could you help us understand a little bit of those dynamics?
James Thomas Hill: We haven't seen any price decline at this point. There's other drivers on asphalt than just oil. It's a big one. But we have not seen pricing decline in asphalt. Always, lower liquid prices help, but that's -- that changes across our footprint. Remember, we're shipping asphalt -- we're making asphalt everywhere from Texas, all the way up through Northern California. So there's -- while overall, liquid has gone down, we've got some markets where it's not going down nearly as much as it has in others. Overall, though, I think our, at least in the first quarter, our profitability was up. We had good efficiencies in asphalt. We had good pricing. We had some headwinds due to weather, where it was cold. But so far, our -- we're pleased with our performance in the asphalt product line.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then switching gears, could you just update us on the M&A pipeline? Is there any shift in the regions you're focused on, given the near-term dynamics? Or are you -- or is it pretty much as it was?
James Thomas Hill: I don't think there's any big shift for the reasons we're interested in. There is -- there are some attractive things out there that we work on. We are also very pleased with the integration we've seen of what we picked up in 2014. Those performed well and on plan, even in spite of some seasonality.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First off, you guys mentioned, obviously, weather kind of played a role in some of your markets in 1Q. But that should be -- that volume should be pushed later into the year. How quickly can you guys recapture that volume? And can you kind of talk about what kind of demand trends you're starting to see there through April and May?
James Thomas Hill: Well, let me talk about the first quarter. What we saw there was when it was dry, our shipments were very, very good across our footprint. So there is a lot of pent-up demand. It will, as the weather falls, it will come back to us. It wasn't just -- in the first quarter, it wasn't just cold wet weather, it was prolonged wet weather. And so the times we did have dry weather, everybody showed up and it was there. So we expect it to return sharply.
John R. McPherson: Trey, I guess the best answer, because let's not comment on specific quarters in terms of second or third, but we still have plenty of time in the year to recover that demand. And the way we think about it, our customers still have plenty of the time in the year to get that work done.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just geographically, are you guys seeing any shifts or notable trends geographically since the weather has started to cooperate?
James Thomas Hill: I think what you're seeing is -- Texas is doing very well, but I think what you're seeing is the Southeast and the Mid-Atlantic states really starting to pick up momentum. This will be a much better year in those markets than 2014 as demand continues to accelerate.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And as we think about mix in light of that comment, is there any mix that we should be aware of, mix change that we should be aware of given the your geographic kind of outlook?
James Thomas Hill: When it comes to mix, as the recovery returns, as we always say this, we'll see a more -- a bigger mix of base and finds, which is a very good thing for us, because overall, it adds to our profitability. But as far as our guidance on price, in spite of mix, we're confident in it. And I would also say that the return of new construction with the demand for base and finds is a very good thing for us.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: All right. My last one is, John, you mentioned earlier, and this is just kind of a point of clarity, that you don't -- you guys don't measure pricing exactly the same way as Martin Marietta, and I know it has to do with the way you guys look at freight. But can you clarify, just so everybody is on the same page here, what you meant by that comment, please?
John R. McPherson: Sure. The way we report pricing is freight-adjusted. And so we take out the -- I think it was net of freight. So instead of reporting gross pricing to the customer, including freight charges that are effectively a pass-through, we report net pricing net of freight expenses to the customer, again, because we think, for us, that's a more accurate depiction of the underlying economics and it's the number we focus on internally as we manage our business. So if rail rates to our customers go up or if we have a broader mix of business that goes by rail or other long-haul transportation, it's not going to affect the net pricing number we report.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to ask you specifically about any weakness that you might be seeing on the energy markets or how you're thinking about that as the year progresses.
James Thomas Hill: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear your question.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you hear me better now? No...
John R. McPherson: Any weakness in the energy markets or do we see that...
James Thomas Hill: No.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
James Thomas Hill: We -- yes. I guess to answer your question, we don't ship much to the drilling -- to the energy market. When I say the energy markets, I'm talking about the oil patch, where they're drilling, where it's affected by the price of the barrel. So we wouldn't see it. We ship very little to that market. Now when you talk about energy when it's about the jobs along the Gulf Coast, which is the LNG jobs, refinery expansions, we continue to see that go very well. As I mentioned earlier, we'll ship over -- probably around 3 million tons of that for those jobs this year, at least that much next year, and we continue to see a number of those projects be bid and go through construction planning.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So seeing that consistent, it sounds like?
James Thomas Hill: Yes.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Cool. And yes, I just wanted to ask you a little bit more about priorities for uses of cash in light of the options that you might have with your M&A choices out there looking similarly strong, just your priorities, if you could remind us of those.
John R. McPherson: Just to give the quick walk through, and I'll start. Tom can comment. First, we're obviously going to continue to make the required capital reinvestments back in our franchise. And those protect the long-term health and value of our asset base, and they actually drive many of the productivity benefits you see in our quarterly results quarter-after-quarter. So that, for this year, that $250 million of CapEx, that's obviously a priority. We'll continue to do that in a very, very efficient way. But we're not going to shortchange our core asset base. It's too valuable. Secondly, as we've noted, we're going to maintain our financial strength throughout the cycle. Given the actions we've taken, that shouldn't be a significant use of cash in the foreseeable future. But I would call it out as something we're committed to maintain. Next, on dividends, this is obviously a board-level decision. But it's our expectation that our dividends would continue to grow with earnings, and we think earnings could grow quite quickly during the recovery part of the cycle. But again, that's a board decision that they will take in due course. Then we turn to largely bolt-on M&A, really of the kind you've seen us do in the last 2, 3 years. We think that's a very good use of capital, tends to have very good returns, both on a standalone basis and in terms of its impact on the rest of our business. And so as we find the right assets at the right price, we'll continue to pursue those opportunities. We work through all that and we expect that over time, we will still have some excess cash after all of those other uses. And as stated, we will look to return some portion of that cash in the recovery cycle, if not most of that cash, to investors and through a mix of dividend and share repurchase, but I'd say, primarily, opportunistic share repurchase will be our current thinking.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: First, just to touch back on base and finds that you discussed earlier in the call, could you clarify where you are in terms of working down the inventory of base and finds inventory? And what regions require greater work in terms of working down these inventories versus others?
James Thomas Hill: Good question. First of all, I'd say that I think our operating folks and our sales folks did a really good job in the downturn of managing inventory, so we're starting from a pretty good place. As we do have some, I wouldn't call it a problem, by any means, but it sure does make your operations run smoother when you have large sales of finds and base. It just balances it out, makes the -- it lowers your -- actually lowers your cost and increase -- because it just increases your efficiencies in the operations. So not a problem with inventories, but it sure will be helpful as the cycle goes along to see those base-and-find jobs come through and go to the bottom line.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Are there any regional differences with the base and finds inventory versus any other region?
James Thomas Hill: No, I don't think I see any big regional -- not that I can think of off the top of my head. I think we're -- like I said, we did a -- we took a lot of pain in the downturn to make sure we didn't have a problem with that, and I think, again, I think our operating people did a really good job of biting the bullet, so to speak, when times were tough to make sure we weren't left with a problem.
John R. McPherson: And, Kathryn, well, part of Tom was referring to, and I think you understand this, is that we resisted the temptation. And this is the management team before us deserves credit for this, but we resisted the temptation to build inventory, if you will, to produce the profits as opposed to customer demand during the downturn. And so we've come into this in pretty good shape from an inventory point of view. And I think you see that in our flow-throughs and our incrementals. You see that in our results. So this is more about maintaining balance as we serve rising demand and as production ramps up than it is having any kind of problem.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. Great. This is more a question related to acquisitions. Could you clarify the acquisition contribution in the quarter revenue, volumes, operating earnings? And maybe clarify a little bit more the delta between acquisition and incremental margins versus same-store sale metrics?
James Thomas Hill: First of all, I think, the -- for the acquisitions, and this is not counting the divestitures of the concrete, the acquisitions EBITDA was around $5 million. And I would tell you that that's -- we're pleased with that based on the seasonality we saw and we still had the headwinds of some purchase accounting in those numbers, which hopefully we've worked through most of that. Our guidance on those -- or our outlook on those operations for the full year remains in plan. And I think we're pleased with the integration.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Great. And on the -- I guess you specifically cited Georgia weather impact. Where in Georgia were you seeing a greater relative impact? And in general, when you talk about weather, which was cited several times in the release, was it later in the quarter? Was it more a product of precipitation? So first, specifically to Georgia, but then more broadly speaking in terms of that weather effect in the quarter.
James Thomas Hill: I guess Georgia was all over, but obviously, the biggest market is Atlanta. And it wasn't a matter of how many inches of rain or snow we had, it was days lost due to wet weather. It was how prolonged it was versus the prior year. So it just shut us down longer than before. But I think we had, in Georgia, I think we had, for example, we had 10 more wet-weather days than we did in the prior year.
John R. McPherson: And, Kathryn, that comes out specifically, as Tom mentioned again, in things like our shipments to our key asphalt customers, key fixed plan asphalt customers in the quarter, which are, I'm going to call it, were 400,000-plus tons, if I recall, below plan for the quarter. And that's kind of booked jobs, booked business, so you feel confident calling it out as something that -- our customers weren't able to do the work to get the crews out and so we deferred our shipment to them. Again, it's a lot of asphalt -- yes, a lot of asphalt business and some fixed plan concrete business, but primarily asphalt businesses around Atlanta.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Simha Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: A follow-up question on the acquired assets. Just as you think out over the next 3 quarters of the year, incremental margins in the first quarter were soft for the reasons that you cited, purchase price accounting, seasonality, but is there anything within those assets that are fundamentally different from your, I guess, legacy assets that would depress or impact incremental margins moving forward?
James Thomas Hill: No, I don't see anything different in those assets. They always take a little time to integrate and, again, we had some seasonality, but I see no reason that they won't perform fairly quickly, or at least over time, as our current assets do.
Garik Simha Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just looking at your volumes, very strong in the quarter. I get why you're hesitant at this point, early stage of the year, to raise your volume guidance. But can you just talk maybe about some of the, if any, risks that you would see to end-market demand, specifically which of the major end markets, if any, are you, I guess, less bullish on? Because the tone of the call, with the theme of "acceleration," things appear to be perking up really nicely across your footprint. Is there any one area or, if any, that is cause for concern at all?
James Thomas Hill: Well, obviously, I can't -- we can't predict worldwide events that may some catastrophic impact, but just assuming that all of that is neutral, I don't see any big risk. We've obviously got to go get a federal highway extension and a federal highway bill. I think there's very low risk that we -- that funding -- federal funding for highways is going to run out or that Congress will let it slip, in fact, a very low risk with that. But we still have to go get a long-term bill. While states, we saw, as John mentioned, a number of states are upping their funding and we actually see momentum with that, we're very pleased with it, states get nervous when there's not a long-term bill out there and they will start holding multiyear large jobs when they're insecure about the federal government's paying the highway bills.
John R. McPherson: The only other one that I think we've talked about internally that jumps out, I'm just kind of thinking this was a good question, is Texas longer-term, with the decline in oil prices and we, of course, monitor it like anybody else. We haven't seen any impact yet, I think it's fair to say, particularly in our business, and you can see that in our Texas shipments this quarter despite a wet quarter in Texas. But that's one that obviously we, like other people, will continue to monitor just to see if that creates any dislocations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if we can just talk about what proportion of your markets do you expect to enter your price increase on April 1, and then maybe share a similar data point for July 1 or how were you thinking about mid-year.
James Thomas Hill: Price increases, and we say this all the time and as we're not hiding behind it, but it's really true, pricing happens at different times in different markets, when I say that, even submarkets. So the pricing in -- for concrete rock versus asphalt rock in a market may be on different timing depending on the personality of the market. As far as April price increases, we had, as I mentioned earlier, we had price increases in Atlanta that went into effect in April. We had very large price increases in Texas that went into effect April 1. They were from $1 to $2, depending on where you were in Texas. And then we saw some price increases that went into effect in April in Florida. We'll see some more in different market segments in Florida mid-year. And as the year goes along, and as I said earlier, when we bid work, we'll continue to build price increases in that bid work on individual jobs, coupled with as you work off old backlog work, it will also give some momentum to price increases.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the asphalt and concrete businesses, you folks have been pretty vocal with earning a fair return on your aggregates reserve and needing to get there. Can you just talk about how to get there in asphalt against concrete? Are you looking for outsized pricing to get there this year? Or is that a 2016 event? Can you paint the path for us for those assets?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, if you -- let's take concrete first. And our pricing in concrete for the quarter on a same-store basis was up almost $7, so we're seeing good momentum in concrete with pricing. And as I talked about earlier, some momentum in not just the aggregates business, but across the entire construction materials segment, so as you see that momentum in concrete, cement, asphalt, and it makes it just that much easier for pricing to flow through with aggregates. So -- and we saw price increases across our footprint on a same-store basis on our concrete product line. When it comes to asphalt with -- you probably won't see a lot of big price increases in asphalt with the impact of liquid. But the profitability in asphalt overall was up sharply, probably over 30% on a unit basis in asphalt. So again, you're seeing the momentum when it comes to profitability and the downstream products, which sets the table for continued price increases on aggregates.
John R. McPherson: And, Jerry, if you step back and think about our -- just our portfolio longer-term, building on Tom's remarks, our asphalt business has earned quite good returns on capital through the cycle. Material margins period-to-period can be volatile, but through a cycle, earn pretty good returns. In concrete, what we have left, the concrete businesses we continue to own, are doing well and earn good returns for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I wanted to ask another question about your incremental gross margins on the aggregates line. The factors that impacted you in Q1, most of those were weather-related. I guess some were not. Have any of those negative factors carried into Q2?
James Thomas Hill: I think -- I'm sure -- I'm not sure I understood your question. Would you repeat it?
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes, I mean, the incremental gross margins in aggregates were lower than you saw last year. And my question is, the factors that caused that to happen, did any of those carry into Q2?
John R. McPherson: I think if you look at it on a same-store basis, the incremental gross margins continue to improve. So I think the key for you is probably look at it on a same-store basis to get an accurate read on the numbers. But if anything, we would expect our unit margins at our aggregates segment to continue to expand.
James Thomas Hill: I also think -- you've got to remember, we've got a first quarter in there, which is, as we say, is always choppy. If you look at it on a trailing 12-month basis, it's improving.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. The price increases in Texas, you noted were a little bit higher than other places, but you also said you're watching Texas for potential slowdowns. So just curious why you're seeing stronger pricing trends there.
James Thomas Hill: The demand in the market is more mature than other markets. It's just further in the cycle. It's actually foreshadowing what will happen across the rest of our markets as demand continues to recover. You've got to remember Texas never had the big fall that some of our other markets had, and then they were early in the recovery. They were bolstered with all the big energy plays. So the demand in Texas and where we are in the cycle is more mature than we are in other markets. So pricing should be ahead there.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, we're 1/3 of the way into the year, and I'm curious on the private construction side, are you seeing demand that's in line with your initial expectations for the year? Or is it slightly better?
James Thomas Hill: No, we're seeing it in line. We're actually -- we're seeing very good momentum in the private construction segment of the market.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Collin Andrew Verron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Collin filling in for Bob. I just have a quick question on the public side. So in your presentation, you noted that the states have really been increasing their funding levels. But you have seen some projects being delayed. Can you discuss what states you've seen that in? And where you'd expect this -- expect to see this as uncertainty continues?
James Thomas Hill: The projects -- the places we've seen projects delay because of the lack of a long-term bill are really in Arkansas and Tennessee and just really some large projects that they have. They haven't gone away. They just said we're not going to commit to them and put them out for bid until we have more secure long-term federal funding.
Operator: And at this time, I'll now turn the call over to Tom Hill for closing remarks.
James Thomas Hill: Well, again, we were pleased with our first quarter, and we look forward to the coming quarters and sharing our good news with you. Thank you so much for your interest in Vulcan Materials, and we look forward to talking to you over the coming months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: James Thomas Hill - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John R. McPherson - Chief Financial & Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Michael Betts - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Megan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vulcan Materials 2014 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Tom Hill, President and CEO of Vulcan Materials Company, you may begin your conference.
James Thomas Hill: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter 2014 results. I'm Tom Hill, President and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan. Joining me today is John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. A slide presentation will accompany this webcast. It will be posted on the company's website at the conclusion of this earnings call. Before we begin the actual results and projections, I refer you to Slide 2 of our presentation regarding forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measurements. You can find the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of this presentation. Before we get into details today, I'd like to speak to you about some things that are immensely important to me and our management team. We executed well in 2014, particularly in the fourth quarter, and I am proud of our people and the job they did, but we are focused on the future. When I think about the job our people will need to do in 2015, 3 words come to mind: momentum, execution and discipline. Momentum. We are seeing accelerating momentum in demand throughout our markets. Demand in the fourth quarter exceeded our expectations despite our California business being waterlogged, and recall that we are comparing against a strong fourth quarter in 2013. There is accelerating pricing momentum in many of our markets, and we are going to reap the benefits of that momentum. The momentum that we've seen thus far will carry forward through 2015 and likely well beyond, and we are going to take every advantage of it. Execution. Our teams throughout the company are executing very well. We are pleased with the results detailed in today's press release, and these outcomes directly reflect the great efforts of our people at all levels of the business. In particular, I'm proud of how our local businesses have continued to convert incremental revenues into incremental gross profit. We are servicing our customers well and helping them grow while operating our business safely and efficiently. Despite only modest gains in pricing so far, our people are making the most of this initial phase of recovery. They have set the stage for even stronger performance ahead. My personal focus in 2015 and the focus of our management teams will be on pricing improvements, margin expansion, smart uses of capital and safety. Discipline. We are very well aware that now is the time for continued discipline, not congratulations or complacency. Our people will continue to show great discipline in the delivery of quality products and services to our customers safely and efficiently, and we will emphasize continued discipline in how we deploy capital and in how we pursue price and margin improvement. We will be highly focused in 2015 on accelerating gains in pricing for our core aggregates business so that we earn a fair and full return on the significant investments that we have made in our business. We have made progress, but we are not where we need to be. It is also paramount that we continue our disciplined performance in operational excellence and cost control. We will remain extremely disciplined in our use of capital, deploying it to further build on our strategic base of world-class assets while improving our balance sheet and our return on shareholders' capital. The momentum, execution and discipline that were hallmarks of 2014 will be our watch words as we build an ever stronger business in 2015. Now let's move on to the rest of the call. You'll see that many of these slides line up with those used in our third quarter call, in large part because our focus on driving improved margins and fully capitalizing on the recovery in demand has not changed. The results on Slide 4 demonstrate the quality of our fourth quarter execution and how we continue the strong conversion of incremental revenues into growth in earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $172 million, a 32% increase. We achieved these results despite a temporary rise in SAG costs as a result of business development and performance-based incentives. Our underlying profitability continued to improve significantly, whether measured by margin percentage or per-unit profit. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.29, including $0.02 for business development expenses and restructuring cost. On Slide 5, you can see that our fourth quarter results continue the trend in recent quarters. Looking at full year results, we have seen a 38% gain in gross profit on an 8% gain in revenues. That significant increase is due to margin discipline, particularly in our core aggregates business, and the positive impact on the divestiture of our lower-margin concrete and cement businesses in Florida. SAG was up due to the items just mentioned. You will see later that we forecast a decline in SAG going forward. Adjusted EBIT nearly doubled for the year and adjusted EBITDA was up handsomely. For the year, adjusted earnings per share were $0.91. Including the Florida divestiture and debt tender offer, earnings per share were $1.56. Now turning to our core aggregates segment. Slide 6 tells the story of volume growth across Vulcan's footprint in 2014. This growing momentum is driven by strengthening private construction activity across all end-use markets and an increasing number of large projects, along with increasing highway demand. These trends gained further momentum in the fourth quarter, with shipments growing 15% in total and 12% on a same-store basis, even with the impact of bad weather in California and Georgia. For the full year, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Texas and Virginia saw shipments increase by more than 10% on a same-store basis. Aggregate shipments in California and North Carolina also realized solid growth. Shipments in Alabama and South Carolina were down slightly with slower recovery in construction activity in these states. Now let's talk about how we are converting this momentum and these early gains in demand into expanding margins and profits. Last quarter, we discussed the 3 major profit drivers that we can focus on. As you can see on the right-hand side of Slide 7, our industry-leading gross profit per ton increased $0.66 in spite of a modest overall price improvement of $0.21 per ton. Cash gross profit per ton increased to $5.18, an 11% gain over a year ago. Our local management teams are doing an outstanding job of turning demand growth into even higher levels of profitability by managing the mix of price, operating efficiencies, sales and products. This is not a new story for us. As you can see on Slide 8, we have compounded unit profitability faster than pricing for the last 6 quarters. During the last 12 months, our freight-adjusted average unit price has increased 2% or $0.25 per ton. Over that same period, our gross profit per ton has increased 18% or $0.52 per ton. Excluding our 2014 acquisitions, trailing 12-month gross profit per ton was up $0.56 or 20%. This is a higher figure than when these operations were producing twice the volume. We are completely focused on ensuring that our unit margins continue to grow. In speaking to you last quarter about our incremental margin leverage, we discussed our best-in-class incremental flow-through that we enjoy with volume growth. Slide 9 depicts incremental margin performance in our aggregates segment. As you can see, incremental gross profit margin for the fourth quarter was 79%, excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during the year. Aggregates gross profit grew $45 million on incremental freight-adjusted revenues of $57 million. Including the impact of acquisitions, the incremental margin was 65%, reduced due to acquisition accounting. Since quarterly figures can be distorted by seasonality or onetime costs, we are also presenting the same metric calculated on a trailing 12-month basis. We'd encourage you to focus on these numbers. For the trailing 12 months ending this quarter, incremental gross profit margin was 66% adjusted for the same acquisitions. Aggregates gross profit increased approximately $132 million on incremental freight-adjusted revenues of $201 million. Given our strategic focus on the aggregates business, our gross profit flow-through is an advantage to Vulcan as volumes continue to recover. Slide 10 highlights our asphalt and concrete results for the fourth quarter and full year. Earnings results in each of these segments improved versus the prior year on higher sales. Asphalt gross profit for the full year improved $5 million due to higher margins and earnings from existing operations and from the acquisitions in Arizona and New Mexico. On a same-store basis, asphalt volumes increased 4% from the prior year and unit profitability increased 6%, driving a same-store gross profit improvement of $3 million. Full year concrete gross profits were $2 million versus a loss of $25 million in the prior year. Excluding the company's divested concrete business, unit profitability improved and gross profit increased $6 million. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John for some comments on capital allocation and our outlook. John?
John R. McPherson: Thanks, Tom. In our last earnings release and call, we placed emphasis on capital allocation, particularly with a view toward putting the recent acquisitions we made in the context of our overall approach and plans. The topic of capital allocation remains, obviously, a critical area of focus for our management team. And with that in mind, I'd like to now use Slide 11 to recap our actions during 2014, update you on the transaction we closed last week and highlight the goals and options we have in front of us. As you know, in early 2014, we successfully divested of our Florida area cement and ready-mix concrete operations to Argos. Given our aggregates-focused strategy, Argos was a better owner of those assets than we were. As a reminder, our divested cement and concrete operations were among the most volatile and capital-intensive businesses in our portfolio. We remain very pleased with that transaction, and it has positioned us very well for Florida's continued recovery in construction activity. Also during 2014, we further strengthened both our balance sheet and our core profitability. Our ratio of total debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA has improved to approximately 3.3 versus 5.4 a year ago, and it should decline further with continued EBITDA growth in 2015. As Tom has noted, our core profitability, as measured by the cash gross profit we generate for each ton of aggregate shipped, improved another 9%, compounding prior year gains, and we expect it to improve further moving forward. As I'll touch on in a minute, we expect same-store shipments to grow approximately 8% in 2015, as the recovery in construction activity progresses. We are very comfortable, very comfortable with our credit position and how it is improving toward our stated investment-grade target. We spent $225 million on CapEx, excluding M&A, during 2014. This capital deployment not only maintains our physical plant, but also improves our efficiencies and ability to meet our customers' needs. We've now returned to more normal levels of what we call maintenance and enhancement CapEx, and we expect this use of capital to grow more in line with shipments moving forward. In 2014, we deployed $332 million of capital for targeted acquisitions that strengthen our asset base now and for years to come. We've made good progress with the integration of the 7 acquisitions we made during the year, and we expect these operations in total to contribute approximately $50 million to our EBITDA in 2015. And as we indicated we would, we began the process of growing our dividend as we grow earnings. Each of these actions contributed to the current and long-term value of our company. Equally importantly, they collectively improved our flexibility and optionality moving forward. As we look to 2015 and beyond, we believe we are well positioned to sustain our capital reinvestment in our current asset base, to recover and maintain an investment-grade credit position, to accelerate the return of capital to our shareholders and to prudently pursue attractive bolt-on acquisitions. To be clear, we will also consider additional asset divestitures and swaps. We believe it is important for us and for others in our industry to challenge ourselves regarding whether we are the best owner of our individual assets and operations. This logic supported our 2014 transaction with Argos, and it underpins the much smaller transaction we closed in late January. As noted in our earnings release, we recently concluded an asset swap with CEMEX, under which we've exchanged our Southern California ready-mix concrete operations for 13 asphalt plants, primarily in Arizona. Under the agreement, we will continue to supply aggregates to the exchanged concrete operations. Given its operations and strategic focus in these markets, each party should be able to earn a higher return on the exchanged assets than the prior owner. This exchange will be immediately accretive to Vulcan, and its expected impact is incorporated into our 2015 projections. Now let me turn to our outlook for 2015 before handing the call back to Tom. I'll begin on Slide 12 with an overview of our outlook for demand for aggregates in the markets we serve. The headline here is that we see another year of high single-digit demand growth as recovery toward normal levels of construction activity continues. The pattern of the recovery is increasingly broad-based as we see growth in each of our primary end-use segments and in the clear majority of our geographies. And from what we can see, demand in Vulcan-served markets should continue to grow faster than the U.S. as a whole. We certainly cannot predict the future, but we currently anticipate a gradual recovery lasting several more years before we return to aggregates consumption levels consistent with long-term trends. As you can see on the slide, we see aggregates demand from private end uses up 14% to 18% during 2015. The growth in our fourth quarter sales to these end-users reflects the strong underlying momentum. Private growth continues to be driven by the recovery in employment and the continued recovery in single and multifamily housing. We see demand from public end uses in our markets up 3% to 5% during 2015. Construction award momentum remains positive and stable in Vulcan markets. The south and west continue to see more growth than other areas of the U.S. And as state and local tax revenues approach all-time highs, they should provide the support for new public infrastructure funding. Our 2015 outlook for these end-use markets, although tailored to our specific mix of geographies, does not vary significantly from the consensus of external industry observers. And finally I'll note that we have not significantly altered our 2015 demand forecast to account for recent declines in oil prices, the status of federal highway bill negotiations or shifting predictions regarding interest rates and credit availability. Certainly, these factors introduce a degree of uncertainty. But at this point, we see a continuation of the momentum witnessed over the past 6 quarters. As always, we'll monitor actual local demand patterns throughout the year and respond accordingly. I'll turn now to Slide 13 for a summary of our full year outlook. I'll be brief as we've touched on many of these items in our press release, as well as earlier in this call. We are, for 2015, giving a range for adjusted EBITDA, excluding any gains associated with the sale of property, of between $775 million and $825 million. I'll touch now on certain of the assumptions underpinning that EBITDA projection. We currently project 2015 aggregate shipments of approximately 180 million tons, consistent with the demand outlook I just highlighted as well as with the continued strong sales and customer service execution at the local level. On a same-store basis, excluding the impact of acquisitions made in 2014, we project shipments to be up 8% over the prior year. We currently expect average aggregate selling prices on a freight-adjusted basis to be up 6% over the prior year. As a reminder, our pricing decisions are made locally and outcomes will vary significantly by geography and at different points in the year. But as Tom noted earlier in this call, as well as in our prior call, we've seen the pricing environment continue to improve with the recovery in demand, and we remain intensively focused on earning a full and fair return on the investments we've made to serve our customers. We expect total gross profit for the aggregate segment to be approximately $735 million. Margins per ton should expand further as we work not only to achieve higher pricing, but also to leverage fixed cost and maintain strong production efficiencies and cost controls. Over the course of the full year, the flow-through of incremental freight-adjusted revenue to segment gross profit should remain consistent with recent trend, although as we've said, results will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. For our non-aggregate business segments, we expect gross profit of approximately $70 million in total. This projection reflects the impact of the asset swap I mentioned previously and includes approximately $50 million in gross profit from our asphalt operations, approximately $17 million in gross profit from our concrete operations and approximately $3 million in gross profit from our calcium business. Please note that the actual material margins and gross profit margins from these downstream businesses can vary substantially at the local market level and throughout the year. SAG expenses, excluding acquisition and divestiture-related costs and other items, should be approximately $265 million in 2015. We remain very focused on leveraging SAG to revenues as volumes recover. We expect DD&A for 2015 to be approximately $270 million as compared to $279 million in 2014. And we currently plan to spend $250 million for maintenance and enhancement capital in 2015, excluding our capital spending for acquisitions or a significant expansion of our distribution and logistics capabilities. Now a couple of final notes before handing the call back to Tom. First, I should remind everyone that the projections I just noted are certainly subject to revision throughout the year. While we believe our visibility to demand has been improving as we get further into the early stages of recovery, there certainly remains some uncertainty in the macro environment, whether due to oil prices, federal and state transportation funding decisions or other factors. That said, our focus remains on making the most of whatever recovery scenario we are presented with. Second, I'll note that our profit projections do not necessarily account for the full production cost benefits we may realize if diesel prices were to remain at current levels throughout the year. Our production budgets are built bottom-up, plant by plant, and our operators remain focused, as of course they should be, on the efficiencies within their control. We'll do our best to note the impact of shifting energy cost on our business as the year unfolds. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tom for a closing comment.
James Thomas Hill: Thanks, John. We were pleased with our fourth quarter performance, but our eyes are on what's in front of us. Last year, we put down a solid foundation. Now we will build on it. We're going to be highly focused on superior execution of the business, price improvement, lowering cost, margin growth and capital discipline. The momentum that we found so encouraging in 2014 and that was so apparent in our fourth quarter results will only continue to grow. Along with accelerating demand growth, we're going to see accelerating momentum in our ability to secure price improvements and in our ability to continue executing on our first-class operational discipline, controlling and lowering cost. We fully recognize the importance of executing on price and operational discipline to give our shareholders a superior return on capital. And as I said earlier, we will continue to be extremely disciplined in our allocation of capital. Regardless of what the markets may do, we will stay focused on the things that we control, executing on price improvement and margin expansion. We'll also remain focused on servicing our customers so they continue to reap value from their relationships with us. Working together, we will win. I'm excited about our company and its future, and I look forward to continuing to report to you as we keep growing and succeeding in the years ahead. Now if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I understood your commentary of not predicting the change in diesel, but obviously, it's in the news. I had 2 questions around that. If you could give us a rough idea in '14 how much diesel fuel you used? And then question two, if prices do stay down throughout this year, will that affect the price of aggregates in the market as the year progresses?
James Thomas Hill: I'm sorry, would you repeat your first question?
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, the first question, if could you could give us a rough number of how much diesel fuel you used in '14, gallons or something along those lines?
James Thomas Hill: Total gallons we used in '14 was just over 44 million gallons.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if we see the prices down the way they are now for the rest of the year, will that have a negative effect on aggregate pricing just around the shipping cost?
James Thomas Hill: No, it won't have any effect on pricing. We've got a lot of pricing momentum. We do not price on cost. It's market-driven in the value of our products and the services to our customers. So the price of oil won't have an impact on the price of aggregates.
John R. McPherson: And Keith, it's John. Also, keep in mind, we report freight-adjusted pricing, so the impact of diesel on shipping cost won't show up in our freight-adjusted pricing.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I guess what I'm getting towards is this could be clearly a big benefit for you this year, again, if it stays down. Would all that benefit accrue to the bottom line or would there be some give back, whether it's around driver cost or anything like that?
James Thomas Hill: I don't see any place we'd give back cost savings on fuel. I think when it comes to fuel, what we concentrate on are things we can control, which is using our procurement and management systems to buy fuel at the most competitive prices we can. And then we monitor fuel usage at every location, over 300 locations. We manage the tons per gallon of fuel we use so that we make sure that our equipment -- we're operating our equipment as fuel efficiently as we possibly can.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Final question on Slide 6, you have Texas as one of your really good markets here in 2014. We all know the questions around that. Can you give us any sort of scale for what Texas represents for the company?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, first of all, we sell very little directly to the oil patch in Texas, so the immediate impacts, we're not going to see any. There is a lot of momentum in Texas, residential, nonresidential. Texas just passed Prop 1, which is an additional $1.8 billion to their highway funding, which is also right in our wheelhouse because a lot of that is focused on rural markets where we operate. We just think there's a lot of momentum there. At this point, we don't see anything happening for 2 or 3 quarters after that. I'm not sure we want to predict it, but there's a lot of folks out there predicting that.
John R. McPherson: Quickly back to your first question on diesel and impact on aggregates pricing. Just a reminder that diesel is a relatively small portion of our total production cost, what, 7%-ish?
James Thomas Hill: 7%.
John R. McPherson: Right. So our biggest cost in our product is the stone, the assets, the quarries we own, and we price to earn a return on that. So minor fluctuations up and down in 7% of our cost isn't going to affect our pricing strategy.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: I appreciate your color on the 11% volume growth in -- for 2015. How much of the -- rough estimate, how much of the 180 million tons projected for next year are contributed from acquisitions?
James Thomas Hill: I think that's -- hold on, I'll get that number for you. I believe that's about 7 -- between 7 million and 8 million tons.
John R. McPherson: Kathryn, I'd say, without acquisitions, we'd be sort of in the 173-ish range, roughly. And where we've done bolt-on acquisitions, there's a little bit of art to what volume comes from the acquired asset versus what comes from other quarries in the same market. But roughly speaking, I'd point you back to that 8% same-store growth rate.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay, great. What is your -- you talk about return on invested capital in the earnings release. What is your bogey for return on capital? And what other mechanisms, above and beyond dividends, are on the table to return value to shareholders?
John R. McPherson: To your first question, I don't know that we're going to give you a specific bogey. I'd underscore that our focus both now and long term is to earn a fair and full return on the full asset base, and particularly because we've made those billions of dollars of investment on behalf of our customers to serve them well. And so while we're pleased with our current results and pleased with the margin expansion and pleased with the outlook for '15, there's further to go on that, much further to go. And your second question was actions to accelerate -- what was it, Kathryn?
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Well, what other mechanisms, above and beyond dividends, are on the table at least to return value to shareholders?
John R. McPherson: I'm not going to specify. I don't think we're going to specify any of that. That's really a board decision. But I think we'd be open to -- and have in the past as a company, deployed several mechanisms. So we'll have to think about that, keeping the cycle in mind. But I think we're committed to accelerating that return of capital over time.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Back to the fundamentals, some of the volumes that were impacted by weather or other project delays, how do they stand now and how should we think about modeling them into 2015?
James Thomas Hill: They're in our -- those volumes are in our 2015 numbers. We knew that the projects in California were going to be postponed in the third quarter, and they're included in our '15 outlook.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay, finally. And my final question, I know that you don't have a significant amount of volumes that go specifically into the oil industry or the energy industry, but have you taken a stab at quantifying your best estimate of what percentage of your volumes specifically go to the energy industry?
James Thomas Hill: Well, as I said earlier, very little goes directly into the oil patch. We'll ship over 2 million tons to large coastal energy projects in 2015. Those jobs are underway or getting underway. They won't be postponed. There's a few jobs that have not -- there's a few projects on the coast that we're hearing rumors of delay, but they would not hit until '16 or '17 anyway.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Quick question on the mix impact on price. And my call dropped off for a second, so forgive me if you guys did touch on this. But is that largely behind you guys or is there any anticipation that, that could creep into 1Q or any other period for that matter?
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think the mix issue was we sold big projects in -- up and down the Mississippi River and in Illinois. While those were at lower prices, they were very good volumes. I think the fourth quarter headline pricing belies the pricing momentum that we're seeing across our footprint. If you kind of step back and look at pricing in the fourth quarter on a market-by-market basis, and we look at the markets where we're seeing higher growth or the recovery is a little more mature, and I'll read these off to you. We're seeing price increases in the fourth quarter 7.8%, 6.5%, increase of 5.8%, 5.7%, 4.8%, 4.6%. Now offsetting that in some of the markets where recovery is not as far along or where we sold some big basin finds job, we've seen price increases in the fourth quarter of 2%, flat, flat, minus 1% or minus 1.4%. And that's not all bad because if you look at the margin expansion across that same footprint, we're seeing nice margin expansion in almost all of our markets. So as far as pricing going into 2015, there's a lot of -- we're confident that the conditions and the momentum is there for good price increases. I'm focused on it. I think our team is focused on it. And we're secure about our pricing outlook for '15.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. That's helpful, Tom. And then my second question is a lot of talk, obviously, around infrastructure funding. The President's budget proposal called for an increase there again. I think the current bill expires in May, if I'm not mistaken. What are you guys looking for? I know you guys are pretty in tune with what's going on in Washington, what's being kicked around. What are you guys looking for if you were to take a best guess on how things shake out in May? And then as we kind of look into '15, any hopes for some type of a longer-term bill?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, we're seeing a lot of positive momentum for a new highway bill. Leadership of both parties stated their intention to pass a well-funded bill. The timing, that's not clear. It may be difficult to get a bill by May, but -- and we may need an extension, but Congress has shown over and over again that they're going to fund the highway program, and so extension may have to happen and -- I mean, it will. The lack of a highway bill is not going to hurt us. The highway bill is not in our outlook. It could only help us. And we think there's a reasonably good chance of getting a bill in 2015.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So then with your assumptions in guidance, I think you said public is going to be up 3% to 5%. What is the -- it sounds like you're going under the assumption there won't be a new highway bill in that, but what's driving the up 3% to 5% in a flat kind of funding environment that's in the guidance.
James Thomas Hill: That's a good question. If you look at our -- we've got a number of very large jobs that we'll be supplying in '15, the Grand Parkway in Houston, 575 -- I-75/575 in Atlanta. So there are a number of very large jobs across our footprint that we started in '14 and will really kick in, in '15. But there's some other pieces of that. We've got 6 TIFIA jobs that will ship in 2015, be north of 2 million tons in '15 for those jobs. So you're starting to see the TIFIA program really mature from people talking about jobs or planning jobs to actually shipping materials on them. And then we've seen a number of state highways increase their funding. In Florida, Governor Scott announced a $10 billion highway funding bill for this coming year. Texas, as I mentioned earlier, passed Prop 1, which is an additional $1.8 billion. We've gotten more funding in Virginia. Georgia got a proposal for an increase of $1 billion. So the state funding is up on top of all of that.
John R. McPherson: So Trey, one thing I'd -- just to point out on all of that is, our funding environment in our states, in our markets is not flat. When you look at the TIFIA projects, when you look at the rises in state and local funding, when you look at the rises in deployment of that funding to projects, our markets have funding increases consistent with our 3% to 5% outlook for our markets.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: First off, great quarter. That was very impressive both in terms of the revenue performance and profitability. Slide 8 caught my eye, you have a big improvement in rolling gross profit per ton on a 12-month basis. And I was hoping one of you gentlemen could kind of see the -- you posted $3.35 a ton, where can that go to in 2015 given the demand profile and the initiatives?
John R. McPherson: Well, I think we expect to see, I'd say, 2 things. We'd expect to see our incremental margin on incremental revenue, freight-adjusted revenue in our aggregate segment to remain consistent with past trend for the next year. And along with that, I think you'd see similar increases in unit profitability. I come back to the point about earning a return on capital over time. We have quite a long ways to go in terms of margin performance to tie it back to the kind of returns on capital we'd like to see. So not only do we have room in '15, I think we have room for a very long time. You can go -- on a gross profit basis next year, I think if you work through the math, I think north of $4 on a trailing 12-month basis is sort of within our sights. And that's on a gross profit basis. On a cash basis, you could see north of $5.25. Keep in mind that our current levels of profitability, as Tom mentioned, on a unit basis are higher than they've been at the past while we're still operating at a little more than half the volumes we produced in the past. And with the kind of pricing we see in front of us, with the leverage of fixed cost we see in front of us, we're very focused on improving those numbers.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's actually what I was looking for. I just wanted to ask Tom, it seems like you have some good visibility on some heavy-tonnage jobs coming up, and I was hoping -- you already addressed kind of what you're seeing on the public side. What are your expectations for private nonresidential and private residential? And if I could just dovetail that, how confident are you in kind of the 8% same-store volume growth and the 11%? Is it more confident now than you were 12 months ago?
James Thomas Hill: I think we're very confident in our outlook. When we do these bottom-up, our guys and gals come in each quarter in each market to build that volume up. As far as -- we had a very good 2014 in non-res. Some of that driven by traditional non-res, construction of office buildings, big-box, strip malls. On top of that, we saw the bulk from the large projects along the Gulf Coast. We'll continue to see that. There's a lot of confidence out there in the marketplace, both our salespeople and our customers for non-res. And as I said earlier, we -- our shipments to the large energy projects along the coast will be higher in '15 as those projects mature than they were in '14.
John R. McPherson: Hey, Bob, as another reminder, Tom always points this out. But despite the good growth numbers over the last 6 quarters, we're nowhere near normal levels of demand or construction activity in the vast majority of our markets, nowhere near. So we both have a little bit better visibility. We've got good momentum, as you've seen in the last 6 quarters and the fourth quarter. But part of our confidence, as a reminder to folks, is we're still getting volume growth just out of recovery from a deep trough in demand. It's not predicated upon dramatic overall economic growth in the U.S. It's recovery of construction activity to things that begin to look like sustainable levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about how we should think about costs in the aggregate division. Kind of appreciate that diesel is a relatively small portion of the cost, but we also are aware that the sensitivity of a 10% move in diesel is pretty significant. So as we think of potentially lower diesel, think about incremental margin, at least within your guidance, that's consistent with prior trends, are there any cost offsets to the potential diesel benefit, whether it's in blasting or explosives or contracting services or any other items that we should be aware of?
James Thomas Hill: When we do -- first of all, when we do these plans, they're from a bottom-up perspective with over 300 locations across the country, so everybody's fuel is using a different fuel cost. Embedded in that is also off-road and on-road diesel, and that mix changes. So trying to get a solid comparison for a diesel price is really tough. Now there may be some savings embedded in it, but as I said earlier, our focus will be on the things that we can control, which is how we buy it, and buying it as economically as we can, and then how we use it, with measuring tons per gallon. So there may be some embedded there, but that's really hard to define and take apart across our footprint. As far as other costs or concern, there's always different commodities we use always. They do have price increases in a number of those. I think we also have the operating leverage, but I think we'll turn in -- continue to turn in improved pricing numbers as the year progresses. And I think our folks are really doing a good job at focusing on the key drivers of cost. Now you also got to remember, we're still operating at 60-some -- a little north of 60% of our peak volumes, so we've got a lot of room to be able to optimize our operations and our cost as volumes continue to grow.
John R. McPherson: Hey, Garik, it's John. We don't -- there's only really one area in cost where I think we see a major trend that we're wrestling with, the guys wrestling with that jumps out. It's not a direct offset to diesel per se, but repair cost remain an ongoing challenge for us, not a major thing. That's something we're working on that ties to our CapEx focus over time, but we don't see major increases, I'm calling it inflationary increases at the moment. And keep in mind, we own our major input so...
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: My second question is on asphalt. Your guidance implies, I think it's about a 30% increase in profitability. Your volume guidance when we look at infrastructure demand for the year, low- to mid-single digits. That's strong leverage. I was just wondering, maybe if you can provide a little bit more color on the drivers behind the asphalt profitability. Is it more margin expansion of lower liquid asphalt cost or is it in the markets that you're servicing on the asphalt side, you're seeing accelerated volume growth or I guess conversely, is it the acquisition or the asset swaps that you engaged in that's going to be driving most of the profit improvement?
James Thomas Hill: I think that -- we do have some improvement in our existing operations. There's a little volume there and some margin expansion, but the big jump there is with our acquisitions and the swap and the asphalt operations that we acquired. I think if you look at it, the asphalt business, we're going to show a gross profit improvement of about $15 million, about $12.5 million of that is acquisitions, about $2.5 million of that is improved volume and unit margins on our existing businesses.
Operator: And your next question comes the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was hoping to kind of focus on capital allocation and just kind of get a sense for how you'd encourage us to think about the dry powder you've got. I mean, to your point, John, you exited last year at about 5.5x leverage. This year, you'll be exiting at about 3. On our numbers, at the end of '15, you're kind of sub 2. And so I just want to kind of revisit how we should think about your targeted capital structure across the cycle, is kind of the first question.
John R. McPherson: Let me start with where we are and then a couple of comments on the cycle. We'll probably touch on this topic more later. First, we're very comfortable with our current leverage ratio -- current amount of leverage. I think what we'd highlight is, we've taken a number of actions over the years to get ourselves in a position where we can, a little bit, do all of the above. So we can reinvest in our business as we need to, in our plant and equipment, in our asset base. We can achieve and maintain an investment-grade credit rating, which matters to us, so we have access to capital at all points of the cycle, to your question on the cycle; so that we can accelerate the return of capital to shareholders, whether that's through dividend or other mechanisms over time. So I expect you to see us have more of our cash flow each year go back to shareholders as part of the mix. And so we can still pursue prudent acquisitions and have a strong return, like you've seen us do in the last year. I think we've got ourselves in a spot, to your point on dry powder, that so long as we're prudent and cognizant of the cycle, we can do all of those things. In terms of how we think about it through the cycle, let me just say now, we're still closer to the trough of the cycle than anything that's normal. We think we've got several years of growth and margin expansion in front of us. And as we -- if we deliver a year, like you said Ted, per your model or your expectations, we're going to have a lot of options. And I think the good news is that we're going to have a lot of options. And we've worked hard to be in that position, but I think we'll have more options than, if you will, we'll have trade-offs. I think we'll be able to do, again, the right mix of all of the above.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe as a follow on to that, could you just talk about what the M&A pipeline looks like right now?
James Thomas Hill: It's still healthy. There's still a lot out there, Ted, but I think the important piece of that is discipline. We have to be disciplined about what we're going to buy. We're disciplined about what we pay for it. And then as important as anything, disciplined about how we integrate it. And as quickly as we can, bring it up to the Vulcan standards of profitability and unit margins. So while there's a lot out there, we'll just have to make sure we're disciplined. I think we're pleased with our '14 acquisitions. And I think so far, we're very pleased with the integration and looking forward to their adding to our profitability in 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Most of my questions have been asked, but looking into 2015, are there any regions which you're capacity constrained and utilization is higher than that average 50% to 60% you saw in 2014?
James Thomas Hill: I wish we had that problem, no. As I said earlier, we're still operating 60% than where we were at the peak. We've got a long ways to go before anywhere we consider capacity constraints.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. That helps. And then just a clarification. You paid down a lot of debt in 2014. What's your interest rate likely to be as you go -- or interest expense likely to be as you go into 2015?
John R. McPherson: I'd say roughly $160 million, but I think you should expect us to continue as a company to take a hard look at our debt portfolio and its coupon cost and its duration and those kind of things, back to Ted's questions about some of the options we have in front of us. But if you're modeling, I think about $160 million roughly of interest expense, I think, and -- which is roughly consistent with last year. Part of our debt paydown last year was a use of proceeds from the divestiture of Argos. We're now in a position where, as I said, we're very comfortable with our current level of debt and our credit standing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Merrill Lynch.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just want to clarify one of the things that you said earlier. And I've asked you this in the past, and I just kind of want to get your take on it. When you talk about your visibility improving as the demand grows, what does that mean exactly and how far out is your visibility?
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think we're looking at 2000 -- what we're really talking about is 2015. And the reason the visibility gets better is, you're starting to see -- your backlogs are solid, you have confidence of jobs in your -- of -- coming up and your contractors and your sales force. You feel the momentum, for -- like example, in residential, you're not building out subdivisions anymore. They're starting new subdivisions, which are much more aggregate-intensive. So you just get a feel for the confidence and you start to see the jobs that you have secured much larger and more numerous.
Timna Tanners - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then along those lines, if we were to get some sort of action from the government regarding a way to finance and finally pass a multiyear highway spending program, is it fair to say that the real benefit would start to flow through more into 2016, 2017? How do you think about what that would look like?
James Thomas Hill: I think based on the timing, that's spot on. That where the bill has to flow through, you have to get jobs ready, so I think you'd be looking at '16, '17.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Quick question, just from a timing perspective with some of the weather issues last year, should we expect the cadence of the volumes through the year to be materially different or kind of more of a normal seasonality?
James Thomas Hill: If I could predict the weather, I'd answer that question. The first quarter and the fourth quarter are always dicey. You just never know what's going to happen. What we were talking about in the presentation was, last year, our fourth quarter had great weather. It was really strong. So we were very pleased with the performance in this year's fourth quarter versus 2013. I don't know how to answer that except for, if you look at it, we just have to base it on normal weather patterns, which would mean the first and fourth quarters are always a little dicey.
Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Fair enough.
John R. McPherson: It's John, real quick. This is not quite an answer to your question directly, but it may be a related point, which I think there's historically been a tendency as you all model quarterly results to, if you will, over-model the first quarter. And just -- I'd just remind you that first quarter results, given typically low volumes and erratic weather, can be a little more unpredictable, whether that's a question on price or cost. So I would say that people often fail to understand some of the volatility that's inherent in our first quarter.
James Thomas Hill: Well said.
Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Very helpful. But as far as the SAG cost, we'll see some nice leverage in the coming year. But outside of acquisitions or incentive comp, is there any reason to think that, that number cannot continue to be leveraged on a go-forward basis into '16 and beyond?
John R. McPherson: No, we fully intend to leverage that number in '16 and beyond. And Tom would say exactly the same thing. And when we took a bunch of actions to reduce our SAG cost, we worked hard to do it in a way where it can be leveraged going forward, including systems investments and other things we've done. So that is our intent and focus.
James Thomas Hill: As John likes to say, we've been through that pain, we're not going back there.
John R. McPherson: That doesn't mean the number won't go up some. But -- obviously, if our volumes grow like we think they will, but as a percent of sales, it should decline significantly over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: If I go back to your original comments, Tom, about momentum. Obviously, you are seeing momentum in volumes continue 2014 and 2015. You see a momentum in price sort of picking up 2014 and 2015. You talked about a gradual recovery lasting several more years. Can you give us some sense of whether you think as we look beyond '15, given that you don't have a crystal ball, but can you give us some sense of whether you think momentum can continue to sort of grow and rates of growth can stay at the levels they've been or even expand on price and volume?
James Thomas Hill: As far as confidence beyond '15 and our outlook there, what gives us confidence is we're so far below the structural demand of aggregates, even with our outlook in '15. And for our country to stay healthy and strong like it is, that structural demand has to continue to grow or get back to more normalized levels. So a lot of confidence there. It's also the momentum you just see out there in all segments of the market. And yes, as far as continuing to expand margins, we plan on, as I said earlier, continuing disciplined execution of price and our operating disciplines.
John R. McPherson: Todd, one of the focal points of our Investor Day will also be -- maybe to your question -- what's the earnings power of our business at normal demand and what are we planning to do to get there as a management team. So not to put off your question, but we will dig into it deeper when we -- in that setting.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Sure John, you can give me a preview right now, if you wanted to. I'll let you go on that.
John R. McPherson: I guess, I don't want to, Todd.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. I appreciate that answer. And thinking about the 2015 guidance, are there any -- where are the sort of points of sensitivity or push points in that where you could come out sort of above the guidance or below? Or put another way, what could happen this year to bring you in above your guidance or below it?
John R. McPherson: I think, Todd, the official answer. One, I can't give you an answer on Investor Day early. Our guidance is our guidance.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Fair enough
John R. McPherson: So I think your question within that, I think I'll just refer you back to some of our comments. We haven't tried to bake all the potential benefits of lower diesel prices into our estimates because we don't know what diesel prices are going to be. So that could -- for this year, that can swing a bit, obviously, in our production cost, as it did in the fourth quarter. So that's an example, but I think you could go through a lot of things and have an example. But that's one that's kind of outside our control, if you will, that we would think about. And again, for that reason, we didn't try and bake in some assumption that we can't control into our models.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Obviously, a lot of questions have been asked. I just wanted to ask a little bit more on the -- your gross profit per ton and the operating discipline you talked about. How much of that is volumes coming back and you guys just being prudent on adding back fixed costs? And how much of that is true productivity improvements you're making to the business?
James Thomas Hill: I think there's a lot of that in true productivity improvements. As I said earlier, we're operating at 60% of our peak volumes, so you've got plants in some markets where we were having 2 crews run full plants, and there's just a lot of inefficiencies with that, along with a lot of fixed cost in these plants. We also need to go back and look at -- well, you can look at margin improvements, that mix, the slide that has the circles on it, it's a mix of price, of cost and then the blend of the products we're selling that give you the total -- the total maximized profitability of an operation where you make as much money as you can. And that's why we call it a local market, because just the plant manager and the salesman, they have to be there looking at their stockpiles, knowing what the market is going to have, where can they go with price, to put all that together to maximize profitability.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just a follow-up to that. I can't believe you gave as much color on incremental margins in '15, and you said it should be consistent with recent trends. Is there a point where that inherently starts to trail off, the incremental margins, either -- you've been talking about 3 years out, you'll be back to kind of normal aggregates volume, is that when you might see a trail off?
James Thomas Hill: I think you got to go back to the fact that -- and this is -- and I keep repeating myself, but it's so important that we're still operating at 60% of our peak volume. So you got so much productive capacity that you will reap the benefits from -- as volumes go up, as far as being efficient in those operations.
John R. McPherson: Just to clarify, by the way, I don't think we said that we think we'll reach normal volumes in 3 years. So we've got a good long ways to go, but we haven't given a prediction about that timing.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions from me guys. Firstly, the SG&A going down slightly in 2015. I presume that the incentive compensation goes up again significantly, given the thought -- the increase in gross profit you're forecasting. What's bringing it down? I mean, were there some one-offs, I guess, I'm asking in 2014 or maybe a bit more explanation of what's bringing it down? And then the second and final question, assets held for sale, I noticed, were up $4 million to $5 million in the balance sheet. In your forecast for 2015, is there any assumption of higher ongoing quarry and land sales in 2015 than in 2014?
John R. McPherson: Mike, I'll take a first shot at those. First on SAG, and I'll just give you a rundown of some of the kind of things we saw in the fourth quarter. A lot of it is business development-related, more than a couple of million dollars. We had some incentive comp that was really tied to our Florida divestiture and a gain on that sale as part of our system. So that's kind of a onetime event. We had a significant land donation, another $1.5 million roughly, which ends up as an SAG cost and then down as a gain on sale of land, so it negatively affects the EBITDA. We had other costs associated with the acquisitions we made. So a lot of the things that drove SAG were not repeating themselves. Yes, the core incentive comp, we'll keep an eye on as part of the overall business mix. But much of the factors driving the $8 million variance in Q4 and really the variance for the full year had to do with one-off or nonrecurring items. On your question about assets held for sale, I believe the answer, if you're looking at the same part of the balance sheet I am, is that those were held for -- that was the CEMEX swap. And that we knew we were working on that transaction, expected to conclude it. We concluded it in January. So at the time of the balance sheet, we were holding those assets for sale. Rough fair value associated with the asset swap for both sides was about $20 million, just to give you a sense of the size of the transaction, no cash involved.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you gentlemen can talk about the cadence of pricing over the course of the year. You're exiting at 4%, guidance at 6%, can you get to that 6% in March, beginning of the construction season, or you're anticipating an acceleration over the course of the year?
James Thomas Hill: Thank you. That's an insightful question. When you finish the year, outlook as an average of 6%, that will take some time to flow through. Normal cadence with that is to be a little lower in the first quarter and grow as the year goes along, and that's what we would expect.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in terms of just the additional price increases over the course of '15, can you talk about how many markets you'll be pushing pricing multiple times in '15 versus how many markets in '14 you were able to do that?
James Thomas Hill: I'm not sure of that. We will push price in every market that we have and work on it hard. Normally, every market is different as far as timing and amount. Normal cycle with that is January/April in a lot of markets, but some you'll have midyear, and some you have in October. So it's really all over the place, but we'll work on it in every market that we're in.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just following up to Ted's question, just related to the M&A pipeline. Any opportunities that you see for potentially meaningful asset swaps or how, I guess, intense are those discussions? Or was comment earlier, Tom, the fact that you'd like to see more of those? Just trying to gauge, trying to read your prior comment.
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think what I was saying was that the pipeline has a lot of acquisitions in it, which we'll obviously have to be disciplined with. I don't know of any -- that I would be prepared to talk about any potential swaps out there. But again, we have to be picky about that. We have to be disciplined and be able to integrate them.
John R. McPherson: Let me underscore, as we think about capital allocation discipline, it's not all about acquisitions, it's also sometimes about divestitures and swaps. And I think it's an important thing for the industry to stay focused on.
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time.
James Thomas Hill: Well, thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials. We look forward to speaking to you at our next call and many of you at our upcoming Investor Day. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: James Thomas Hill - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John R. McPherson - Chief Financial & Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Bridget, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vulcan Materials 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Hill. Mr. Hill, you may begin your conference.
James Thomas Hill: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter 2014 results. I'm Tom Hill, President and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today is John McPherson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer. We are very pleased with our third quarter results detailed in the press release. We're happy to provide additional color today and spend some time answering your questions. A slide presentation will accompany this webcast and be posted on the company's website at the conclusion of this earnings call. Before we begin with the actual results and projections, I refer you to Slide 2 of our presentation regarding forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measurements. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in our earnings release and at the end of this presentation. Now turning to Slide 3. We are pleased with our third quarter results and how we continue the strong conversion of incremental revenues in the growth in earnings. Revenues increased 7%, driven mostly by a 12% increase in aggregates shipments. Excluding revenues in the prior year associated with our divested concrete and cement businesses in Florida, revenues increased 15%. Our earnings leverage on higher revenues continues to be excellent. Gross profits and EBIT increased sharply, up 31% and 57%, respectively, due largely to strong earnings leverage in our aggregates business and flat SAG costs. On a comparable basis, earnings from continuing operations increased 93% to $0.54 per diluted share. Turning to Slide 4. Our third quarter results continue a trend starting in recent quarters, as shown in this table of trailing 12-month key figures. Over the past 12 months, aggregates shipments have increased 9% or $13 million tons, still well below normalized demand levels. During this time, we've leveraged a 9% growth in volumes into a 38% increase in gross profit and a more than 130% increase in EBIT. We believe we are in the early innings of demand recovery. As we continue to execute our sales and operating plans, we remain very focused on continuing the margin expansion you've seen us deliver in recent quarters. Slide 5 illustrates the volume growth in the quarter. The map depicts the 20 states we currently serve. You can see the geographic breadth of the year-over-year volume growth across our markets. Third quarter shipments grew 12% in total, and 10.5% on a same-store basis. Shipments in Illinois and Texas were up 31% and 21%, respectively, due in part to large project work. Other markets, including Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and Virginia reported volume growth between 10% and 15%. This strong broad-based growth is driven by improving private construction activity and our ability to serve growing demand for large project work in both private and public end markets, particularly large industrial projects along the Gulf Coast. Residential construction activity continues to be solid across our footprint. New lot development is increasing. While the growth rate nationally for housing starts has slowed in recent months, many of our key markets in Georgia, Texas, California and Florida continue to post above-average growth rates. Private nonresidential demand in our markets continues to grow faster than in the rest of the U.S. This is driven by office, commercial and manufacturing projects, and by significant growth in construction activity along the Gulf Coast. We are uniquely positioned to serve petrochemical plant expansions and other energy-related major projects. In the public sector, shipments for highways remains strong due to strong contract awards in 2013, increases in state highway funding and TIFIA-funded projects in key states. Additionally, the extension of the federal highway funding through May 2015 has provided more funding certainty to state departments of transportation. Given the strength of our strategic positions and our sales execution, we expect to keep outpacing the rate of volume growth of the industry overall. Our markets, despite recently reported double-digit shipment increases, remain far below normal levels of demand. Now let me focus on our success in converting these early gains and demand into expanding margins and profits. To cut straight to the headline, you'll see on the right-hand side of Slide 6 our gross profit per ton has increased $0.43 or 12%. Cash gross profit per ton increased to $5.15, a 7% gain over a year ago. Our local management teams are doing a great job of leveraging demand growth into even higher levels of profitability. So how have we done this? It's important to remember that our improving profitability in aggregates isn't driven by average selling price increases alone. At Vulcan, we commonly think of 3 major profit drivers that must be managed in combination. These are depicted on the left-hand side of Slide 6. First, price for service. Are we receiving full and fair value for the quality of the products and services we provide, are we helping our customers be successful, and are we getting paid appropriately for that help? Second, operating efficiency and leverage. Are we managing costs tightly every day, and are we using our assets and capital as well as we can? Third, sales and production mix. Are we producing what we can sell and selling what we produce? Are we managing inventories responsibly, and are we converting each ton that we crush into cash in a reasonable amount of time? We manage these factors locally and align our talent and incentives accordingly. This quarter's results, again, demonstrate the high quality of work being done by our local teams and our -- and their support groups. Despite a modest 2%, or $0.23, gain in average selling price, our gross profit per ton increased 12%, or $0.43. As I will touch on in a minute, the rate of growth in average selling prices will increase over future quarters. We already see clear evidence of that momentum. But in the early phase of the recovery, when price lags volume gains, it has been very important for us to grow unit margins faster than price. Now this is not a new story for us. You can see on Slide 7 that we have, in fact, compounded unit profitability faster than pricing since quarterly volumes began growing in the second half of 2013. During the last 12 months, our average unit price has increased 2.7% or $0.29 per ton. Over that same period, our gross profit per ton has increased 20% or $0.52 per ton. While I'm pleased with our performance, let me be clear, we're not hitting on all cylinders yet. There's a lot more margin out there. I'll refer back to the 3 profit drivers noted on the prior slide. On price for service. The expanding margins that we have delivered so far don't reflect the high- to mid-single digit price gains normally associated with cyclical recoveries. These should take hold in 2015. On operating efficiencies and leverage. While our plant managers and their teams have done an excellent job controlling costs, the fact remains that we are operating a capital-intensive production business at 50% to 60% of its capacity. We are well positioned to further leverage fixed cost sales. On sales and production mix. We've worked hard to maintain our core production planning and inventory disciplines throughout the downturn. As recovery continues, and as we see a larger portion of new construction activity, we will sell the entire product mix at full value. As we move forward into the recovery, we'll continue to manage and balance all 3 of these factors at the local level, and all 3 are improving. We're entering this upturn in demand with unit margins close to those that we enjoyed during our last peak, a time when we were producing and selling approximately 150 million more tons than we are today. We are confident in our ability to convert incremental shipments and revenues into expanding profit margins and returns on capital. Because of our improving margins, we have been able to deliver very good earnings flow-through. Our expanding margins per ton have allowed us to deliver strong flow-through to gross profit of incremental freight-adjusted revenues in our aggregates business. Slide 8 shows our incremental margin performance thus far in the recovery. By incremental margins, I mean the change in segment gross profit in our aggregates business divided by the change in freight-adjusted revenues, with freight-adjusted revenues defined simply as average selling price multiplied by tons shipped. This metric reflects the total gross profit generated for each ton shipped without the margin distortions of our pass-through freight revenues. To improve transparency for investors, we've adjusted our financial statement presentation. This should make it easier for you to compare our change in segment gross profit to our change in freight-adjusted revenues for a given period. For the third quarter, the incremental gross profit margin was 65%, excluding the impact of acquisitions completed in the third quarter of this year. Aggregates gross profit grew $39 million on incremental freight-adjusted revenues of $60 million. As reported, and including acquisitions, the incremental margin was 58%, or $38 million of incremental gross profit on $66 million of incremental freight-adjusted revenues. As we've mentioned previously, quarterly figures can be distorted by seasonality or onetime costs. For that reason, we're also presenting the same metric calculated on a trailing 12-month basis. As you can see, for the trailing 12 months the incremental gross profit margin was also 65%, adjusted for the same acquisitions. Aggregate gross profit increased approximately $118 million on incremental freight-adjusted revenues of $182 million. We have included a table in the appendix of our slide presentation which illustrates how we calculate incremental gross profit margins in our aggregates business. We believe this type of gross profit flow-through is an advantage to Vulcan and its shareholders as volumes continue to recover, particularly given our strategic focus on the aggregates business. Slide 9 highlights some of the positive indicators we see in the marketplace. These contribute to our firm confidence in stronger price growth. This is demonstrated by the pricing momentum in key markets, where the construction recovery is farther along, and where we are already seeing robust price increases occurring twice a year in some cases. Aggregates volume and price have a lead-lag relationship. Price growth typically follows volume growth but with some delay. We are now coming into a more normalized pace in the cycle. We are also seeing a return of confidence for sustained recovery and that, coupled with continuing volume growth now for 6 consecutive quarters, will positively affect pricing power. Finally, we're seeing upward and broad-based pricing trends across our entire geography. These firming prices across the sector include price increases in concrete and cement. Putting it all together, the pricing environment is rapidly improving across all of our markets. We have the makings for robust price growth on top of continuing volume growth and margin expansion. With that, I would like to turn the call over to John for some comments before taking your questions.
John R. McPherson: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I'll touch briefly on our nonaggregates businesses before turning to our full year outlook, and then a summary of our approach to capital allocation through the first 9 months of the year. Starting with Slide 10, we'll present the results from our asphalt and concrete segments. Earning results in each of these segments improved versus the prior year on higher sales. Asphalt gross profit improved $1 million due to higher margins and earnings from recently completed acquisitions. Asphalt volumes approximated the prior year but were short of expectations due to the delayed start of several large projects in California until 2015. Concrete gross profit was $5 million higher versus a loss of $4 million in the prior year's third quarter. Adjusting for the company's Florida concrete business sold in the first quarter of 2014, unit profitability improved and gross profit increased $3 million. Collectively, reported gross profit for our nonaggregates segments improved $12 million over the prior year quarter. Now turning to Slide 11 and our full year outlook. Our full year expectations for earnings growth and margin expansion remain basically in line with our plans, although we'll get there in a slightly different way. Aggregates volumes should come in a bit higher than our beginning-of-year expectations. And although our growth in average selling prices for aggregates has been modest, both our per ton margins and our incremental gross profit margins are in line with our internal goals. Our execution in this regard has been very strong, as Tom mentioned. As just highlighted, our gross profits from our nonaggregates segments had been at the low end of our beginning-of-year expectations, due in large part to delays of certain jobs into 2015. As a result, our overall external guidance for full year 2014 remains largely unchanged from August when we discussed our second quarter results. And as we often note, fourth quarter results can be significantly impacted by weather, particularly as we get late into the quarter. Now before I hit the highlights of our full year 2014 outlook in a bit more detail, I'd like to just reiterate and emphasize our view that the business has excellent momentum heading into 2015. The recovery toward more normal levels of demand for our products has a long way to go, but we should be entering our sixth consecutive quarter of meaningful year-over-year growth in shipments. Our unit margins are strong and improving but are yet to benefit from the accelerating gains in average selling prices that many expect over the coming quarters. And importantly, we have the organizational and financial strength required to invest smartly in growth at this point in the cycle. I'll now walk through Slide 11 for a brief summary of our updated full year outlook. For reasons of comparison, the format of this slide is the same as we've used in prior calls. I'll be brief, as we have, of course, touched on most of these items in our press release as well as earlier in this call. Since February, we have increased our outlook for aggregates volume to reflect stronger demand growth. That stronger demand, combined with strong sales execution, has resulted in our same-store aggregates volumes increasing 9% year-to-date. Assuming normal weather patterns, we expect volume growth in the fourth quarter of this year to increase mid- to high-single digits relative to last year's strong quarter when weather was unseasonably mild. For aggregates pricing, we expect full year pricing to be near the low end of our guidance range of 3% to 5%, with recent pricing actions having more impact on pricing in 2015 as opposed to the fourth quarter of 2014. For our nonaggregates businesses, we've narrowed our gross profit forecast from prior guidance of $40 million to $50 million to the current guidance of $40 million to $45 million, again, largely due to the delay of certain asphalt paving projects into 2015. SAG, excluding acquisition and divestiture-related costs, should remain in line with the prior year. We, of course, remain focused on leveraging SAG to revenues as volumes recover. Our interest expense forecast remains unchanged at $165 million to $170 million for the full year. This excludes onetime charges associated with our tender offer completed earlier. And finally, our capital spending outlook remains unchanged at $240 million. That to support improving demand as we look to 2015 and 2016. I'll conclude now with Slide 12 before handing the call back to Tom. On September 30, we announced that we had completed 6 acquisitions during the third quarter. You see these highlighted on the slide. Because cap allocation is an important area of focus for our management team at Vulcan, I'd like to take just a minute to place those transactions in the context of our overall approach to that topic so far this year. As noted in our release, Vulcan has generated approximately $890 million in cash year-to-date from operations and asset sales. Approximately $719 million of that cash is associated with the sale of our Florida area cement and concrete operations, the most volatile and capital-intensive components of our portfolio, to Argos. As a reminder, that transaction included a 20-year aggregates supply agreement. Given our aggregates-focused strategy, Argos was a better owner of those assets than we were, and we believe that transaction has been and will continue to be a positive strategic move for both parties. Now moving to the balance sheet for a moment. Year-to-date, we've paid down $516 million of debt. Our ratio of total debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA has improved approximately 3.6 versus a measure of 5.9 a year ago. Our overall credit outlook is solid and improving. These moves and the other actions we've taken to improve our core profitability put us in an excellent position to make the investments we made in the third quarter. We are well positioned both operationally and financially to grow our total profits and unit margins and, where the right opportunities present themselves, to grow our asset base. Now touching briefly on our third quarter acquisitions. In total, we invested approximately $320 million in attractive markets with which we are well familiar, as you see, again, highlighted on Slide 12. Approximately $275 million of the investment was cash, with the balance being in stock. Collectively, the acquired operations shipped approximately 8 million tons of aggregates in the most recent year, a figure we expect to grow in 2015 and beyond. And these transactions added 450 million tons of reserves to our portfolio. The integration of these operations has moved forward smoothly, a real credit to both our local teams and our shared support groups. The acquired operations will contribute incrementally to earnings in 2014, but should be accretive to EPS in 2015. As Tom has noted, our pipeline of potential bolt-on acquisitions remains very attractive. That said, we will remain disciplined in our approach to these investments, maintaining our focus on fundamentally attractive markets where we can establish a #1 or #2 position. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tom for a closing comment. Tom?
James Thomas Hill: Thanks, John. We are pleased with our third quarter performance, and we're looking forward to the months ahead. We are very excited about the opportunities we see. Our recent acquisitions are already performing well. We're excited about the volume growth, pricing momentum and strong margin expansion we see across our markets. Our operations continue to run with great efficiency and are best-in-class in the industry. I thank our employees for their outstanding performance in these exciting times. I am very proud of our people, and our future looks great. And now, if the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Tom or John, I was hoping you might be able to touch on 2015 in a little more detail. I know there wasn't kind of explicit guidance. The commentary was encouraging or is encouraging. One of your big competitors kind of laid out a framework. I was wondering if you might at least speak to kind of an agreement on that and that was one that kind of pointed towards infrastructure being up mid-singles in '15, private nonres being up in the high singles and residential being up in the double-digit range. And to the degree you're comfortable just giving us a broad framework, could you maybe start there?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, Ted. Right now, we're in the middle of the planning process for 2015. But let me give you a little bit of how we view it. We are continuing to see, as we stated earlier, lots of pricing momentum, demand continues to grow, our employees continue to give us great margin expansion. We continue to focus on those 3 profit drivers, sales and production mix, price for service and operating leverage and efficiency, and all 3 of those continue to improve each month.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, fair enough.
John R. McPherson: Ted, this is John. The only thing I think we'd add is we do -- we're not ready to give any explicit guidance, obviously, for next year, but we do continue to see all LNG segments up for '15 directionally. And I think, importantly, as Tom said in his comments, we believe our market will continue to grow faster than the industry as a whole. We like our geographic mix. They were more depressed than the market as a whole, and they're recovering faster than the industry as a whole.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. If I can ask a second, just I know at the end of your prepared remarks, you touched on the balance sheet, John, and I guess, exiting '13, we had you at about 5x leverage. On our numbers, you'll exit this year at about 2.5x, and exiting next year, we'd have you at about 2x debt-to-EBITDA. So a huge improvement and a lot of strength. Can you just talk about how you might redeploy that capital? And how you think about whether it's acquisitions or CapEx or buybacks or all the options, and kind of where you are at this point?
John R. McPherson: Sure. First, I'll just say the obvious, which is how we think about capital allocation, how we think about return of cash to shareholders, how we think about our capital structure, all really important topics in a business such as ours. We're always evaluating a variety of different options. I think given the strength of our asset base, we actually have many options. I think what you can count on us for is to have a plan, not just to swing from one latest idea to another. More to the point on your question, I think we're very comfortable with the strength of our credit position and the financial position right now. I think we have several good options for the redeployment of capital through time. Certainly, reinvestment of CapEx into our business to support growth, but also to support the margin expansion to which Tom referred. I think we continue to see a pipeline of potentially attractive bolt-on acquisitions of a nature similar to those that you saw us complete in the third quarter. Always more difficult to kind of predict how those will turn out, though. And I think you'll see us, over time, have a balanced approach to reinvesting in growth and returning cash to shareholders. Now the exact form and timing of that return of cash is to be decided later, but I think you'll hear us talk about a plan for that approach.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Matt Rybak on behalf of Jerry. To follow up on the capital deployment discussion, just wondering, are there any opportunities here going forward to set up on an MLP-type structure for a portion of your assets?
John R. McPherson: I think anybody could see that our aggregates business and some of our product lines will likely qualify for MLP treatment. But that said, I kind of come back to my answer to Ted's question, which is we're always evaluating a wide variety of options for improving our capital structure and our capital costs. We think that's of critical important -- critically important part of our jobs. Those options could range from the mundane such as the ratio of fixed to floating debt in our portfolio to options such as MLPs that may be a bit different. I think the good thing for us is that we have a lot of options. We're very disciplined in how we look at them. And I think it's the kind of topic you should expect us to talk more about at our Investor Day. Not MLP specifically necessarily, but our approach to the capital structure and capital allocation overall.
Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then turning to volume briefly. Just wondering if you can maybe say more on the cadence of volumes over the course of the quarter. We've heard that some highway job start dates have been impacted by the highway bill timing. September and October growth sounds like it was much stronger than July and August. Just curious what you've seen on that front?
James Thomas Hill: We -- I think the only highway jobs that we had delayed were in Northern California for any significant volume. It hurt our asphalt volumes. Other than that, we've seen very -- we saw very good highway shipments in the third quarter. We continue to see very large highway jobs start to ship in 2014. Most of those will actually go in 2015. And with those, I'm referring to some of the TIFIA jobs like the Grand Parkway in Houston. We shipped a little bit of that this year, the majority of it will go next year. I-75, 575 in Atlanta, we have 1.2 million tons of backlog on that job. We will only ship -- we've not begun shipping. I think we'll start in December and probably ship 40,000 tons in '14, the balance in '15, '16. So -- then we've got the I-4 work in Florida, which is 1.7 million tons of concrete rock and probably 2 million tons of base and fill. That job has actually been awarded to the contractors, but the construction materials has not been awarded. So we'll, for sure, get part of that, but that will ship second half of '15 and '16. So we didn't see any slowdown in the third quarter, but we think it will pick up in '14 if weather holds, but for sure, in '15.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: First, on the acquired assets during the quarter, could you clarify the revenue opportunities for these? And what portion are plug-and-play versus others that may require a little bit more work?
James Thomas Hill: Kathryn, would you -- I'm sorry, it's Tom. Would you repeat your question?
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Yes, on the acquired assets during the quarter, could you clarify the revenue opportunity for these? And what portions are plug-and-play, so really don't require as much handholding, versus others that require little bit more work? So just the understanding that it's not an even margin with all of the acquired assets. It doesn't have to be a specific dollar amount but just even a rough percentage in terms of understanding how much will require some -- a little bit more work to get up to speed versus others that are really good as a standalone right now?
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think, if you look at those assets, we had a partial quarter in the third quarter with the assets. They were already profitable in spite -- accounting for marking up inventories to market levels. We expect they are -- all of those are tucked into existing markets, except for New Mexico, and the New Mexico market is a very attractive market when it comes to profitability. So we think we'll hit the ground running with them in 2015, and they will be accretive in 2015.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. This is more of a Texas policy question. Could you provide any color on the impact of Proposition 1 referendum? And what that impact could be for TxDOT, if passed? And when would the dollars become available, if you have knowledge of that, if that referendum does, in fact, pass?
James Thomas Hill: Yes. It will be -- and actually, let's cross our fingers because it's being voted on today. It is $1.7 billion of new funds. It's from the oil and gas taxes paid by the drilling companies from the state's rainy day funds. Knowing how TxDOT works, I would say that they would be, if it passes, they will be available immediately, but probably, you won't see that flow through to -- at the earliest second half, probably second half of '15. Those will be a lot of overlays because this is really driven by the damage to the roads with all the truck traffic, with all the big energy plays and drilling in Texas. So I would -- and I don't know this for a fact, but my guess is that those funds would -- you would start seeing volumes from that sometime second half of '15.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Right. And speaking of energy, are you seeing any slowdown in energy markets given the drop in oil prices?
James Thomas Hill: We have not, and it's -- I think it's too early for that. But we continue to see that go very strongly, particularly the Gulf Coast projects. I think we'll ship about 500,000 or 600,000 tons on those jobs on the Gulf Coast in 2014. We'll see another -- I know we have another 2 million that we've backlogged to ship in '15, and there's probably, well on the books, on paper, there's another 10 million tons to be let. Now all of those -- probably all of those projects probably won't go, but even if half of them goes, it's a great shot in the arm for us.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: And just to clarify, those are more energy-related versus port expansion related to Panama Canal?
James Thomas Hill: That's exactly correct.
John R. McPherson: Kathryn, it's John. Just back on your acquisition question quickly, I think if you look at them collectively, the profitability of those businesses on a unit basis should match or exceed our company average once we get past the very early integration phase. And again, these are bolt-ons. There's not a tremendous amount of hard work to do to pull them into our business. Our folks are doing a very good job of that already.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay, great. And then final question on volumes. Just any more color on the type of projects you're seeing in Illinois and Texas? And what's the tail for these projects from a volume standpoint?
James Thomas Hill: I think that, on Texas, we've mentioned the Grand Parkway, which is, I think, a total of 1.2 million tons. Of that, we'll ship 400,000 or so. We will ship 400,000 at the end of 2014. The balance will go in '15. Again, we mentioned the energy projects in Texas. I think that this proposition, you'll see a lot of big asphalt work coming up. I believe that will pass. And then we're -- in Texas, you're just seeing all markets hit, residential, nonresidential, all of them are hitting. In Illinois, we have a number of projects. At O'Hare Airport and the widening of I-90 have been 2 very large projects for us. But again, we're starting to see the residential and the western suburbs of Illinois start to pick up also.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Tom, you mentioned that new lot development is continuing to increase, and I wanted to drill in a little bit on that. I mean, how much of a pickup have you guys seen in sort of the lot development as opposed to just aggregates to build houses as the recoveries kind of crank on?
James Thomas Hill: It really depends on where you are. In the more mature markets, California, Texas, Florida, parts of North Carolina and even Georgia, we're starting to see new subdivisions. And those are the places where we're starting to see the pickup. Kind of give you an idea where overall housing, we're seeing up low double digit, but if you look at specific markets and what demands happened in 2014 with aggregates, we've seen Los Angeles up 23%; San Antonio, up 23%; Dallas, up 18%; Nashville, which has been a little bit slower, up 12%; Atlanta is already up 15%; and then in Florida, Fort Myers is up 37%; Orlando is up 30%; Charlotte is already up 22%; and Baltimore is up 21%. So in those markets, where it's a little farther along, you're starting to see the subdivisions come in. Kind of the center of the country, we're still building out lots.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it, got it. And is it safe for me to assume that once you start getting those land development activities in place, they're a bit sort of longer tails and more steady than what might be sort of a bit more volatile kind of housing starts-driven stuff?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, absolutely.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. All right. Jumping around, looking at Texas, your volumes were up significantly in Texas. You didn't mention that as an influence on the average price. What does your price in Texas look like relative to the average?
James Thomas Hill: Now Texas is -- the pricing has jumped already. It will -- we don't give specific pricing, but let me just give you an example on that. We -- and depending on the market in Texas, in October, we secured between $1 and $2 of price increase, and we'll see another price increase of April of between $1 and $2 depending on the market. So you can tell that where the markets, as we talked about, where the market recovery is more mature, we're seeing big price increases, and in some of those markets, we're seeing price increases every 6 months instead of every 12 months.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Is that across the whole state?
James Thomas Hill: Yes.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And just to sort of circle...
James Thomas Hill: I mean, when I said across the whole state, each one of those markets is different, but all of them have sharp price increases, and they all have a lot of momentum.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. Makes sense. Is it -- without trying to pin you down, was your average Texas price in the third quarter, was it above or below average?
James Thomas Hill: Oh, it's well above. I'm sorry, Todd you mean, company average?
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes.
James Thomas Hill: Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you meant price increase percentages.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: No, I'm sorry, yes. Just absolute price versus the company average price.
John R. McPherson: I think, Todd, back to not pinning it down, I think it would have been offset elsewhere by other volume changes. So the geographic exception for pricing for us for the quarter was really Illinois-related. I think that's the best way to look at it.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then final one for me right now. Just looking at that Slide 5, where you sort of give state-by-state on the volume increases. Rural South Carolina is the one that jumps out as being the only one that's not green. What -- anything in particular happen there?
James Thomas Hill: Yes, the guys in South Carolina are probably listening to this call hanging their heads, but it was only down 2%, and the impact was not so much demand. It was the fact that we had some very large project work last year that we don't have this year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to ask, Tom, maybe if you could provide some color. You're doing $3.93 gross profit per ton, up 12% year-over-year. How should we think about that going forward? And I just wanted to get a deeper understanding. You were talking about price for service, and it sounds like you have some good pricing power, and expect to see that in 2015. Does that imply that your 60% incremental margin can actually move higher if you realize that price?
James Thomas Hill: I think, on average, we stick to the 60%. Obviously, price increases will help that. And, obviously, we're operating at 50% to 60% of our production -- our peak production. The operating leverage in the plants continues to get bigger. But I think over time, it'll shoot up and come back down, but over time, I think that 60% is probably in line with what our expectations are.
John R. McPherson: I think one takeaway, Bob, is we have a long ways to go in the margin expansion and the positive flow-through. That story is still, just like the volume story, it's still in its early innings.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But you're doing kind of margins consistent with where you were at 150 million more tons. So it seems like you've taken out a cost -- a lot of costs out of the system, and I'm just trying to figure out how to think about profitability, assuming your volume strength continues into '15.
John R. McPherson: Well I think you're asking the right question. I'd encourage you to keep thinking about profitability on a per ton basis, and that's that way we present our financial statements. And that per ton profitability will, of course, be affected by pricing through time, which we're focused on every day, and we have some tailwind to there. It'll be affected by operating leverage and operating efficiency at our plant level. And it's, of course, also affected by a healthier product mix through time. I think all of those 3 things, we still have a long ways to go on. And our takeaway is that despite being, if you will, near previous high levels of unit profitability, we're nowhere near a cap or ceiling.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then when you're talking about sales and production mix, is there -- what's the opportunity look like there from a mix standpoint if you get better demand across the product line?
James Thomas Hill: Well, with new construction, you'll see an increase in sales for fines and base, which just allows us to sell the complete product split. And it just -- while those are low priced, they're very high margin, and they fill out our hand in selling the complete product line.
John R. McPherson: You saw a little bit of that in the current quarter. Our product mix hurt us on average selling price, but we still drove significant improving margin per ton, and that was one of the factors in this quarter.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, it's just tough to grasp externally a little bit just because of the moving pieces. John, just also wanted to understand on your guidance for 7% to 9%, what's -- on that 7% to 9%, what's the contribution from the recent acquisitions? So is that like 1 point or 0.5 point?
John R. McPherson: You're talking about the volume guidance, is that right, Bob?
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's correct.
John R. McPherson: I would think of a high end of that range on a same-store basis, so excluding impact of acquisitions for the year.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So what percentage in the 7% to 9% should we attribute to acquisitions?
John R. McPherson: 0.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: 0, so it's negligible.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A question on transport costs. And the news here, back in the quarter, any impact we should?
John R. McPherson: Keith, I can't quite hear you.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. The question's on transport costs. Just was there any transport cost impact in the quarter? And should we expect any in near-term quarters?
James Thomas Hill: We didn't see any impact from transportation costs, rail, barge or ship. In fact, they were -- rail was flat for the quarter, I think barge was relatively flat.
John R. McPherson: Keith, and the way we present our financials, for freight-adjusted pricing and the way we flow that through, you wouldn't expect to have a significant impact for us the way we report our financials.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But from a cash perspective, no impact in the period outside of your expectations?
James Thomas Hill: No impact. Year-over-year, no impact.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Secondly, looking at, of course, we have another temporary highway bill taking it through the spring. Any new views there you're hearing, your trade routes [indiscernible] along the things of that nature?
James Thomas Hill: Well, we continue to see growing bipartisan commitment for infrastructure. Last month, Senator Boehner urged President Obama to work with Congress in 2015 for both tax reform and a multi-year transportation bill. Leadership in both parties want to find funding solutions, and I think all of them are tired of going back to the general fund and getting embarrassed about it. Last week, we did have House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy tour our Chula Vista operation in San Diego. And he -- while he was there, he stressed congressional leadership's intention to get a highway bill passed in 2015. So we continue to see momentum behind it. I wouldn't expect it in the lame-duck session, but we've got our fingers crossed it will happen in '15.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Does a Republican Senate help you or hurt you towards that goal?
James Thomas Hill: I think, like I said, we're seeing bipartisan commitment, and I'm not sure if it helps or hurts us because they all want to fix the problem.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just a couple questions left for me. One, you talk about the M&A environment, and you said some potentially attractive acquisitions. Can you talk about just kind of the valuations and how those are looking out in the market now versus what you've seen over the last few years? Are people starting to get a little bit more rational? Just any color you can give us on that, please.
James Thomas Hill: Sure. There's a lot of activity out there, and we see a lot of opportunities. Now with that activity, there's a lot of them that are very unattractive. There are some that -- there are a lot of them that we're looking at for our footprint that make a lot of sense for us. I think they're fair deals, and I think they're also acquisitions that we can improve dramatically by fitting them into our family. But it is busy, and there's some great stuff out there, there's also some junk.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And I guess, just kind of on the valuation front. I mean, you got some junk and some others that are attractive, I guess, those are being priced accordingly then.
John R. McPherson: I think, Trey, I think just a lot of this comes down to the reason -- a lot of the reason we're focused on bolt-ons is the synergies you bring to a transaction, which typically, we don't pay for in a deal. And I think if -- and we're not going to get into the valuations of the individual deals we've done. But if you looked at them all collectively, again, in the most recent year, producing 8 million tons roughly. That has a lot of growth behind it, at or above our per ton profitability as a company. You can kind of draw your own estimates for valuation collectively. Again, individual deals vary. But I think what really drives it from our point of view and we're very, very focused on is the -- is obviously, the synergies with the rest of our market positions. That's what makes it go from I've kind of got a good deal to a very good deal, and a lot of what will drive the accretion in the next year for us.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got you. And Tom, you mentioned -- you touched briefly on some of these bigger energy programs down there, jobs that are being done over the next few years in the Gulf. What is the -- if you kind of look at that market, I know Texas overall is priced lower, but that market specifically, is that a higher priced market than Texas overall? And kind of how do we think of that from a profitability standpoint since that is one of your long-haul markets?
James Thomas Hill: It is a very profitable business for us. The pricing has very much improved over the last 18 months. But it's also, you got to remember, we are in the unique position to service those out of Mexico. So we have a dramatic freight advantage, which improves our profitability to service those markets.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That makes sense. And then last one's kind of housekeeping here. With the pullback in oil and just trying to get a sense for any kind of benefits you guys may see going forward, how much diesel are you guys using in your quarries now kind of post some of the recent acquisitions and divestitures and how that's moved?
James Thomas Hill: I think one way to look at diesel may be to look at it on what happens to the per gallon cost of diesel because it's -- we've got diesel cost in quarries, we have it in asphalt, we have it in ready mix. But right now, a dime movement per gallon of diesel would mean about $4.5 million for us annually.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Quick question on the M&A environment. Do you expect to see more -- I guess, as more sort of the private smaller type transactions are out there, do you expect to see more downstream assets kind of like what you picked up in New Mexico as part of the deal on a go-forward basis?
James Thomas Hill: Every one of those is different, and our focus is aggregates. We don't have any interest in picking up downstream unless it has aggregates attached to it. And when you look at those, some of those markets that have the downstream business attached to them, those downstream business are very profitable. And if they are, and we can -- we run them with a good return, we'll keep them. If not, we'll keep the aggregates and sell the downstream product lines.
Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Perfect. And then I apologize if I missed it, but on Slide 6, you kind of highlighted the 3 profit drivers. Is there a way to kind of rank order them from most contribution out of those 3?
John R. McPherson: I'd try -- I'd say no. I think the point is that you have to balance these and manage them in combination. And I think just the very heart of the business is you can't rank order them, you've got to make trade-offs at a local level between these factors.
James Thomas Hill: I would agree with that. I would also tell you that as the volumes come back and demand comes back, and new construction, the balance between those 3 gets a whole lot better, and as so our unit margins improve.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for questions. So I would now like to turn the call back over to Tom Hill for closing remarks.
James Thomas Hill: Thank you for your interest in Vulcan Materials Company, and we look forward to speaking with you during our next earnings call. Have a good day.
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: William Matthew Brown - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William J. Sandbrook - Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research Matthew Dodson  Robert Donald Sean Wondrack Kevin Scott Sonnett - RK Capital Management, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the U.S. Concrete, Inc. Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Matt Brown. You may begin, sir.
William Matthew Brown: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. Information recorded on this call speaks only as of today and therefore, you are advised that time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the date of any replay. We will discuss certain topics that contain forward-looking information. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to projected revenues, volumes and pricing and other financial and operating results, capital expenditures, strategies, expectations, intentions, plans, future events, performance, underlying assumptions and other statements that do not relate to historical or current facts. Although the company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can provide no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If you would like to be on e-mail distribution lists to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under Email Alerts. If you like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website under Events & Presentations. Please also note that you can find a reconciliations to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K filed earlier today and in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Sandbrook, our President and CEO, to discuss the highlights of the second quarter of 2014.
William J. Sandbrook: Thank you, Matt. As we reported in our earnings release this morning, we once again overcame significant weather-related headwinds to produce superior results in all areas of our business. June saw a 30% sequential decline in housing starts in the southern United States. The worst such monthly decline on record for that part of the country. Homebuilders attributed the decline to the region's unusually wet weather. Our Dallas/Fort Worth region, in fact, experienced the wettest second quarter since 2009. Despite this challenge, we were able to capitalize on our strong key market positions and robust construction demand. We reported strong growth in volume, pricing, revenue and profitability in both segments of our business, ready-mix concrete and aggregates. In addition, our continued focus on forward pricing and diligent cost management, once again, drove expansion in our materials spread and gross profit margins year-over-year. We are very pleased with our second quarter results and remain optimistic in continued improvement in the construction recovery we are experiencing in all of our markets. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Matt, to discuss our second quarter results in more detail.
William Matthew Brown: Thanks, Bill. Consolidated revenue of $180.4 million was up 14.6% year-over-year for the quarter. Ready-mixed revenue increased by $20.9 million or 14.6% year-over-year, as we continue to show improvement in both volumes and average sales prices per cubic yard. Aggregate products revenue increased by $3.0 million or 29.5% for the same period. This marks the 15th consecutive quarter for which we have reported increased consolidated revenue on a year-over-year comparative basis. Ready-mix volumes for the quarter increased by 6.9% compared to the second quarter of 2013. Aggregate products sales volume increased by 20.9% for the same period. On the price side, we realized an increased on our average ready-mix sales price of 7.4% from $102.71 per yard in the second quarter of 2013 to $110.27 per yard in the second quarter of 2014. Our aggregates products average sales price increased by 7.3% to $9.63 per ton for the same period. Despite increases to our raw material inputs, our ready-mix concrete raw material spread increased by $4.31 per yard to $52.43 per yard in the second quarter of 2014 compared to 2013. This represents an 80 basis point expansion in our materials spread margin to 47.5% in the second quarter of 2014 compared to 46.7% in the prior year quarter. Our SG&A expenses decreased by $1.8 million during the second quarter of 2014 compared to the second quarter of 2013. The decline was due primarily to lower stock compensation expense in the current year quarter. As a percentage of total revenue, SG&A expenses decreased 8.0% in the second quarter of 2014 compared to 10.3% in the second quarter of 2013. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased by 32.5% to $22.2 million in the second quarter of 2014 compared to $16.7 million in the second quarter of 2013. Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 12.3% for the second quarter of 2014 compared to 10.6% for the prior year quarter. Ready-mixed concrete adjusted EBITDA increased by 29.0% to $23.3 million, with a 160 basis point expansion in margin. Aggregate products adjusted EBITDA increased by 53.5% to $3.3 million, with a 390 basis point expansion in margin. During the second quarter of 2014, we had cash provided by operations of $8.2 million compared to $14.9 million in the second quarter of 2013. The decrease in operating cash flow year-over-year for the quarter was entirely related to changes in trade working capital and the timing of our senior secured notes interest payment. Interest on our new senior secured notes is paid semiannually in the second and fourth quarters of the year compared to our previous notes where interest is paid quarterly. For the second quarter of 2014, we spent $9.7 million on capital expenditures, up approximately $3.5 million compared to the second quarter of 2013. The increase in capital expenditures was due to higher spending on mixer trucks, ready-mix plant capacity expansions in California, and plant equipment improvements, all to support the growing demand in our markets. The book value of our long-term debt including current maturities was $213.3 million on June 30, 2014. This included $200 million of senior secured notes due 2018, $11.3 million of equipment financing for new mixer trucks and $2.0 million of other notes payable. As of June 30, 2014, we had 0 drawn on our credit facility, with $11.3 million of undrawn letters of credit outstanding. This left us with $110.4 million of availability as of June 30, 2014, compared to $67.8 million available as of June 30, 2013. Our availability is net of a $14.6 million availability reserve for outstanding letters of credit and sales tax reserves. We had $86.9 million of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet for total liquidity of $197.3 million as of June 30, 2014. Now let me turn the call back over to Bill.
William J. Sandbrook: Thanks again, Matt. All of our regional markets remained strong with encouraging construction trends and robust backlogs supported by pent-up demand from weather in the first half of the year. Our ready-mix backlog at the end of the second quarter was 4.2 million cubic yards, which is 22% higher than it was at the same time last year and 5% higher than at the beginning of the year. In addition, our acquisition pipeline is steadily growing, and we have strong cash positions to execute on our development and expansion strategy. To wrap things up, we are extremely enthusiastic about our opportunities, both organically and strategically. The increased levels of construction and demand we are seeing in our markets, remain among the highest in the nation. The disciplined execution on our strategic plan should expand our vertical integration into aggregates and broaden our footprint in our existing markets, as well as other high-growth markets in the United States. We remain focused on capitalizing on these opportunities, which will continue to drive improvements in operating results and further enhance long-term shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to reporting on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to the operator for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing our first question or comment comes from the line of Seth Yeager with Jefferies.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Can you talk about, how has weather been subsequent to quarter-end in Texas? And what are the trends that you're seeing specifically, in that market on volume and pricing?
William J. Sandbrook: The weather subsequent to the quarter had -- I would characterize as more seasonal than in the first half. I think it's been drier than the first half of the year, consistent with -- in July and August in the north Texas markets. The volume trends remain intact. As you've been reading from the other public company announcements, Texas remains strong, and we foresee that well into the future at this point by looking into our backlog.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Okay. And maybe to follow-up on that specifically for Texas. One of your competitors mentioned a price letter that had gone out on cement that sounded pretty significant for next year. How observable are all of these increases? Obviously, your gross margins and materials spreads have seen a nice improvement, but are you -- at what point do you think you may start to see some pushback, if at all? Are more imports coming into Houston that may help offset some of these letters?
William J. Sandbrook: I know that more imports are beginning to show up, however, it really doesn't affect us up in our markets, other than pushing fixed plant volume north. You know we are concerned about the magnitude of the announced prices -- price increases. Announced price increases and actually, effectual price increases are 2 different things. But I would like to comment on that a little more deeply. Our philosophy is that regular and responsible price increases throughout the entire value chain and in fact, throughout the economic cycle lead to long-term market stability and customer loyalty. And we're -- we will be in the process of aligning our long-term supplier base in all products with those that share that same responsible philosophy.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Right. I appreciate it. If I back out noncash comp, SG&A fell below 8% of revenue during the quarter. You'd previously mentioned a target of 8%, so obviously, nice improvement there. Any updates to think about on the SG&A level, or should we see a little bit of less leverage going forward? Any comments there, please?
William Matthew Brown: I don't think you'll see less leverage necessarily. We're actually hoping to get better than 8% as we go forward and actually revised our target of 7.5% of revenue for SG&A at this point. Since we've already -- actually achieved that this quarter.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Okay. Excellent. And then last one for me, still sitting on a lot of cost from the bond offering. You mentioned the M&A pipeline being still pretty robust. Can you talk about -- what is your RP capacity for share buybacks? And just as far as acquisitions I mean, anything over the next couple of quarters that we can look forward to?
William Matthew Brown: Yes, with respect to restricted payments and the share buybacks, we are fairly limited, particularly by the indenture and I'm not going to get into what that capacity is going to be going forward, but at this point we've used roughly half of our capacity there, based on one share buyback. So given, and as you mentioned the acquisition pipeline is extremely robust at this point, so the primary focus for us in using our cash is going to be on acquisitions as well as CapEx to grow capacity versus share repurchases.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question or comment comes from the line of Matthew Dodson with JWest.
Matthew Dodson : Can you help me understand this TXI, MLM deal? Have you seen any more discipline in the Dallas/Fort Worth area yet?
William J. Sandbrook: What do you mean by discipline, Matt?
Matthew Dodson : In pricing.
William J. Sandbrook: Well, they only took over at the beginning of July. And so, I think they're still trying to get their arms around organizational changes and strategies. I would anticipate that overtime, Martin will follow-up through with their strategy that they effectuate in other markets. I'd really don't want to characterize as it more or less disciplined than the previous TXI management, but I do think the Martin philosophy will be imparted into the TXI markets.
Matthew Dodson : And how much exposure do you have of your revenue through that Dallas/Fort Worth market?
William J. Sandbrook: On the revenue side, I would say, it's a little bit close to 1/3. Maybe a little bit less.
Matthew Dodson : And pricing there -- you did 110 ASP in your ready-mix, what is pricing in Dallas/Fort Worth? Do you guys break that out?
William J. Sandbrook: No. We don't break that out, and it varies from region to region and from project to project.
Matthew Dodson : But is it fair to assume the Martin Marietta -- MLM way that you'd actually see price increase rise there?
William J. Sandbrook: Well, I think in any market where you have some wins of consolidation, and remember the consolidation for Martin TXI was on the aggregate side because they weren't vertically -- Martin wasn't in cement or ready-mix in these markets. So there is consolidation on the aggregate side. I would expect to see increased pricing, but it's going to be difficult to assess if that's a result of Martin's philosophy, the natural integration and the microeconomics that ensue or it's just the relative strength of the overall Texas market. So it's going to be a little bit difficult to break that all out.
Matthew Dodson : Got you. And then, last question. They have to sell, I think 2 or 3 plants in the Texas region, and I think they're aggregate plants. Are you guys interested in those plants?
William J. Sandbrook: We would be interested in filling our vertical integration footprint in all of our markets, but I don't want to comment, specifically, on anyone.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Robert Donald with Stora Capital.
Robert Donald: Just a brief, couple of questions. One is capacity. Can you just update us whether your mix or expansion plans have changed? And where are you right now a where do you expect to be by the end of the year in terms of the incremental change?
William J. Sandbrook: On ready-mix capacity in our existing markets?
Robert Donald: Yes.
William J. Sandbrook: I would say, I've answered that before in the following manner, that we can expand our capacity based on our economic incentives i.e. pricing to have concrete customers except deliveries in off peak hours. How successful we are in that is relative to the contractor's needs, wants, and desires and ability to do that. Having said that, our demand is lumpy. We have significant excess capacity on, a rated capacity in some of our markets that does not have the velocity of volume, such as West Texas. And there's other places in the heart of San Francisco, in Downtown Dallas that we are stretched and are having to bring in product from a little bit more distant plants to satisfy the construction demands. And as I said in the first quarter, we have initiated and now, have completed a few plant capacity additions, specifically in our California markets, that would have added about -- probably an incremental 10% or 15% to our volume capabilities in the San Francisco/Silicon Valley area.
Robert Donald: I think in the previous call, you kindly gave a figure of number of mixers that you’re planning to expand under CapEx. I'm just really curious to know whether you have raised that aspiration or is it still the same figure.
William Matthew Brown: Rob, it is Matt. No, we have not raised that since the last call. It's still approximately 80 trucks that will be added to the fleet. And I would tell you at this point, halfway through the year, we have added about 1/3 of that budgeted amount.
Robert Donald: Okay. And just on the subject of the spread, which has being very reliable in the way that it's been improving. And in the Q2, it was a particularly strong sequential increase, I think it was over $2 per yard, which was one of the strongest sequential improvements. And I was just wondering whether that was skewed to any particular region, or would you say that was experienced equally across all of your geographies? And also, when you think about different clients between infrastructure, commercial and residential, whether it was also similarly experienced, or was there a big waiting effect that drove that in Q2?
William J. Sandbrook: I would say, it's fairly equally spread across our sectors because our pricing strategies are through increased raw material inputs. They all have to be passed on equally in all segments. I would say that northern California had an outstanding performance, but the others were healthy as well.
Robert Donald: Just coming back to the earlier question about raw material input pressures and your concern that the industry may go too far, too quickly. In that dialogue with your suppliers, do you feel that your ability to improve the spread from here is at material risk, or is it just a manageable challenge?
William J. Sandbrook: I would characterize it as a manageable challenge. Remember, we're a national company with strong local footprints that have their own unique buying capabilities and capacities i.e. we're usually the power buyer in each of our regions, and we are not seeing the same degree of inflationary cost pressures across our entire footprint. So our risk is somewhat limited by that factor, as well as we have been successful in our pricing as you can see quarter after quarter after quarter, and I have no indication at this point that we won't be successful in going forward.
Robert Donald: Right. And just [indiscernible] those imprints of the weather was rather challenging in Q2. Would you suggest that the sequential improvements in Q3 over Q2 should be slightly stronger than the normal seasonal effect because of that weather in Q2, or are we just saying that, that's a rounding error?
William J. Sandbrook: I would, more assess it as a rounding error. Any of the volumes that would have been pushed from Q2 to Q3 will probably just end up pushing Q3 volume to Q4 because of the ability of contractors to get the work done.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli with Deutsche Bank.
Sean Wondrack: This is Sean Wondrack on for Philip today. I just have a couple of questions for you. I think, building off the last earnings question, one of your peers alluded that the cement industry is experiencing increasing costs of approximately $25 a ton due to new EPA regulations and incited that to maintain margins, they need to increase prices 7% to 9% per year just to cover their costs. How confident are you that with these kind of robust supplier increases that you will be able to maintain margins in the medium term as housing continues to recover?
William J. Sandbrook: Well, if you look historically over the past 8 quarters, we haven't had the raw material increases that have been announced to date. However, historically, raw material price increases that were announced were aspirational and in all likelihood, were never fully effectuated. So having said that, we have to discount a little bit the initial price letters. But nonetheless, we've been successfully in passing along and increasing our margins significantly, over the last 3 years and rising input costs, whether they be cement, aggregates, sand and gravel or add mixtures, traditionally, through the economic cycle, have led to increased pricing and increased margins for ready-mix producers. As long as the whole market is treated the same, these costs have to be passed on because nobody in the entire value chain, and including our concrete contractor customers, can afford the margin squeeze. So it's critical that they pass through the whole value chain, which historically, has happened.
Sean Wondrack: Okay, great. And I had to ask, how much CapEx have you spent on mixer trucks year-to-date, and how much is left in fiscal 2014?
William Matthew Brown: I would say that as far as how much is left, we have about $9 million left. As far as how much of that we actually buy, and becomes CapEx, and how much we lease, that remains to be seen. We like to preserve availability on our revolver by leasing. So given that the size of the acquisition pipeline is high, that's probably the route we'll be going at this point. The total spend thus far for this year on mixer trucks is about $3.2 million.
Sean Wondrack: $3.2 million. And you said you've basically added about 1/3 of the amount. About 1/3, how many of those did you lease versus purchase?
William Matthew Brown: That was almost all purchased so far this year.
Sean Wondrack: Okay, great. And when you mentioned acquisitions, is there a ceiling to the size of an acquisition that you would do, whether that be leverage or a dollar value?
William Matthew Brown: Well, at this point, if you look at our capacity, we basically have $197 million of liquidity in cash and the revolver. Beyond that, we have other avenues to capital, whether that's a tack-on to our existing notes or expanding the revolver. Those are a couple of the near-term ways we can do it, and we also have the alternative of using equity, either as consideration or doing an equity offering and using the proceeds for a deal. So I wouldn't put a limit, right now, on any type of acquisition kind of size. I would say that the deals we're looking at now range from anywhere from $1 million up through over $100 million.
Sean Wondrack: Okay, great. And is there a net leverage target or a total leverage target that you wouldn't want to exceed with that, or it's not really as much of a factor, based on the quality of the assets you'd be purchasing?
William Matthew Brown: Well, right now as of 6/30, our gross leverage is 3.6x and net leverage is about 2.1x. Longer term, we'd like to get down -- as those converge as we use our cash would like those both to be between 2x and 3x. Having said that, at this point, given the supply of acquisitions out there, you could see that go up to between 4x and 5x in the short term, as we do some -- those acquisitions, particularly the aggregates acquisitions which are typically at higher prices but also, increase your vertical integration and your margins. That's our plan at this point.
Sean Wondrack: Great. That makes perfect sense. And just to clarify, when you say short-term, is that 2014, 2015 you're thinking or 2014?
William Matthew Brown: That would be 2014, 2015.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question or comment coming from the line of Kevin Sonnett with RK Capital.
Kevin Scott Sonnett - RK Capital Management, LLC: Was that 4x to 5x comment you just made net?
William Matthew Brown: That would be gross.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions or comments at this time. So I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bill Sandbrook for any further remarks.
William J. Sandbrook: Thank you, Andrew. Thanks, everyone, for participating in the call this morning and for your support of U.S. Concrete. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2014 results with you in November. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee James Thomas Hill - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President John R. McPherson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Earnings Conference Call. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. James, you may begin.
Donald M. James: Thank you. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us to discuss our first quarter 2014 results. As the operator said, I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today are John McPherson, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tom Hill, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. A slide presentation will accompany this webcast and will be posted on the company's website at the conclusion of this earnings call. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call, as indicated on Slide 2 of the presentation contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's first quarter 2014 earnings release and at the end of this presentation. We are very encouraged by our performance during the first quarter and with the recovery in demand for our products. Despite the challenges inherent in an unusually cold and wet winter in many of our markets, our employees delivered solid shipment growth and improved margins. During the quarter, we successfully completed the previously announced sale of our Florida area cement and concrete assets to Argos, as well as the related repurchase of $506 million of our outstanding debt. Vulcan is well positioned to increase our shipments and our earnings, and to expand our aggregates operations and reserves as we move forward. Turning now to Slide 3. Our first quarter results demonstrate the strong earnings leverage in our aggregates business. Aggregates volumes increased 6% and we leveraged those incremental tons into significantly higher earnings. The 9% increase in net sales led to a 93% increase in gross profit. Reported earnings from continuing operations were $0.41 per diluted share versus a loss of $0.47 in the prior year. Included in these earnings improvements are $1.04 per diluted share of income related to the sale of the company's Florida area cement and concrete assets, and $0.35 per diluted share in charges to interest expense referable to the $506 million of debt repurchase. Adjusted for these onetime transactions, earnings from continuing operations were a loss of $0.28 per diluted share, a $0.19 per share improvement from last year. Reported EBITDA for the quarter was $267 million, which includes a $220 million gain from the sale of Florida concrete and cement assets, and $7 million in other income, primarily from the routine sale of reclaimed land from former operating sites. Excluding these items, adjusted EBITDA grew 50%, from $26 million last year to $39 million this year. This improvement was driven by both increased aggregate shipments and by higher aggregate prices, which more than offset higher costs resulting from production challenges due to weather. Non-aggregate cash gross profit benefited from higher asphalt volumes and higher materials margin. With that said, I'd like to now turn the call over to Tom Hill to give us a few more specifics about our first quarter results.
James Thomas Hill: Thanks, Don. Taking a look at the aggregates segment results on Slide 4, you'll see the resulting revenue and gross profit impact from higher shipments and pricing. Aggregates segment revenues increased 13% and segment gross profit increased 55%. Aggregates shipments increased 6% versus the prior year, despite very cold weather in most of our markets. Shipments in California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois and Texas showed strength, each increasing by more than 15% versus the first quarter of last year. Due to favorable -- due to unfavorable weather, first quarter shipments in Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina were lower versus the prior year. Strengthening private construction demand more than offset the effects of extremely cold weather in Georgia, and unusually wet weather in Florida, resulting in year-over-year growth in shipments in these markets. In other areas harder hit like Virginia, the number of available shipping days was cut in half by extreme winter weather. This restriction on construction activity and available shipping days impacted both our aggregates and concrete business in Virginia. That said, we expect shipments delayed beyond the end of March due to weather to be recovered in the following months as the construction season gets underway. Aggregates pricing for the quarter was up 2% versus the prior year. These solid results were despite an unfavorable geographic mix due to the impact of weather on volumes in several higher price markets. Without the unfavorable geographic mix impact due to weather, our year-over-year pricing increased 3%. Slide 5 highlights the favorable operating leverage in our aggregates business. Trailing 12-month volumes have increased 8 million tons or 6%, while aggregates segment's gross profit improved $84 million or 25% due to higher pricing, the earnings leverage of volume growth and cost control. Turning to Slide 6. We compare our trailing 12-month cash gross profit per ton at the end of the first quarter with the prior year and the prior peak volume, which occurred in the first quarter of 2006. Trailing 12-month unit profitability has increased 6% from the prior year. More significantly, cash gross profit per ton is 31% higher than the prior peak volume. This is remarkable considering the fact that current volume is 50% below the prior peak. This improvement of more than $1 per ton reflects the accomplishments of our employees to effectively manage cost and improve price throughout this downturn. This per ton gain also illustrates the attractive structural characteristics of our aggregates business. Higher unit profitability sets the stage for significant earnings growth in this improving demand cycle. Now I will turn the call over to John to provide some commentary about the outlook.
John R. McPherson: Thanks, Tom. Our volume growth in the first quarter and resulting earnings improvement that Tom just discussed are a really solid start to what we believe will be a very strong year for overall demand growth. The demand momentum, which began in the second half of 2013, is continuing in 2014. And our margins are expanding due to the combination of operating leverage, cost disciplines and growth in pricing. Turning now to Slide 7. You see a breakdown of our expectations for aggregates demand by each of the major end markets. These expectations are consistent with the demand outlook we discussed during our fourth quarter conference call in February, but let me share a bit of color regarding what we see in the market as of the end of the first quarter. Two points to start. First, we continue to expect each end market to grow in 2014, with private construction recovering most rapidly. Secondly, we expect Vulcan's served markets to grow at a faster rate than the markets we do not serve. We're very pleased with how our portfolio is positioned, as the recovery in construction activity continues to take hold. Now touching on activity and trends in specific end-use markets. In private residential, we continue to see broad-based growth across our geography, led by states such as Arizona, California, Florida and Texas. But in addition, we're also seeing residential construction activity in aggregates demand recovering in important areas such as Atlanta, Charlotte and Nashville. In private nonresidential, our markets are beginning to benefit from some growth in office and commercial work, complemented importantly by rising demand from large industrial projects. As we've noted before, these projects can represent large quantities of aggregates supplied over multiple years. And Vulcan is very well positioned to serve these customers, particularly along the Gulf Coast. These projects provide an exciting opportunity for our aggregates business. That said, the timing of shipments can vary and we continue to monitor them before the actual shipment days. Now we're also seeing strengthening large project activity in the public arena, including in transportation infrastructure. Although it has taken longer than most of us expected, federally funded TIFIA projects are beginning to drive additional aggregate shipments. The Grand Parkway in Houston and the Northwest Corridor in Atlanta are just 2 projects we expect to begin shipments to in 2014, or have already begun to make shipments to. Additionally, state-level funding initiatives across several states are beginning to drive new project lettings, with Virginia and Maryland just being 2 examples. While the parameters surrounding the renewal of the Federal Highway Bill remain uncertain, large transportation infrastructure projects and the growth in contract awards we've already seen should provide reasonably stable demand in this end market for the balance of the year. Overall, we expect modest growth in shipments in the public end markets in 2014, and we're optimistic with respect to public infrastructure construction in 2015 and beyond. So while the first quarter does not make a year, our local teams and our customers are excited by what they see in the early stages of this recovery. Activity and confidence are rising across an increasingly broad group of geographies and end uses. And we believe Vulcan's people and assets are very well positioned to meet our customers' rising aggregates demands during this time. Before turning the call back over to Don for some closing remarks, I'll comment on 2 additional topics that continue to be priorities, particularly as we look toward another year of earnings growth and hopefully a multiple year recovery in demand. The first topic is the strengthening of our balance sheet. During the quarter, both our sale of cement and concrete assets to Argos and our repurchase of approximately $500 million in debt closed as expected. As you can see on Slide 8, net debt to trailing adjusted EBITDA is down from 6.4x to 3.6x. Coupled with unit margins and earnings, this improvement in our balance sheet allows us the flexibility to reinvest in growth, whether through margin-enhancing capital projects, bolt-on acquisitions, or other opportunities to strengthen our aggregates franchise. And of course, we've continued to add to our portfolio as opportunities present themselves. Over the past 18 months, we have acquired assets and improved on our ability to serve customers in areas such as San Diego, Atlanta, San Antonio, Charleston and Northern Virginia. The second topic I would like to highlight briefly relates to the value of the land we own and our commitment to manage these holdings in a manner that generates value for both our shareholders and the communities in which we operate. Our first quarter results included $18 million in cash proceeds and a $6 million pretax gain on the sale of 2 properties, a former Baltimore area quarry, of which a schematic depicting the intended use is shown here on Slide 9; and a parcel of land on the river in Chattanooga. Those of you who have followed our company closely know that the disposition -- that dispositions such as these are not at all out of the ordinary. Since 1998, we have generated an average annual cash proceeds of approximately $32 million from land sales. Vulcan owns more than 110,000 acres of land, a significant portion of which is in urban or urbanizing areas. We will continue to operate and develop these properties with an eye toward their post mining uses and the ultimate value to both our shareholders and our neighbors. I'll now turn the call back over to Don for some closing comments.
Donald M. James: Thanks, John. Let me close by saying that we're encouraged by the improving economic fundamentals we see in our footprint. Our outlook for aggregate volume and price growth remains very positive, consistent with the guidance we gave in February. We expect 2014 to be another year of earnings growth for Vulcan, and we're well positioned to capitalize on the multiyear recovery in demand that we believe is in front of us. Thus far, in this recovery, we have leveraged modest volume growth and strong growth in earnings due to the operating leverage inherent in our aggregates business and the disciplined execution of our operation and sales teams. This operational performance by our teams gives us tremendous earnings upside as volume recovery continues. In our non-aggregates segments, we continue to expect to earn $40 million to $60 million in gross profit in 2014. These improved results include higher earnings in asphalt and the return to profitability of our concrete segment. With our improved capital structure, we're excited about the possibilities of expanding our aggregates operations and reserve base and further enhancing our footprint in the fastest-growing U.S. markets. We are continuing to pursue a number of attractive growth opportunities that will enhance our earnings potential. This is an exciting time and an excellent opportunity for Vulcan, and we remain committed to adding lasting value built around our unmatched asset base. And now, the operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was hoping to touch on margins. I know you mentioned you were pleased with the performance in the quarter. And specifically on the aggregate side, I was wondering if you could just walk through kind of the puts and the takes on the incrementals, what weather impact may have been in the quarter if you're able to impute it based on shipping days available and maybe just start there?
John R. McPherson: Sure, Ted. This is John. First, I'd say there were 2 major weather-related impacts that affected our incrementals in the quarter. One was production, both amount and efficiency. And we had an inventory reduction in the quarter, which led to about a $2.8 million negative variance of profitability for us for the quarter. The other impact, as Tom mentioned, was a negative geographic mix in terms of pricing and margin, and that contributed another negative $3.7 million in headwinds to us. So on a normal geographic mix and on a normal production basis, we would have been $6.5 million or so higher in the aggregate segment gross profit line. When you walk that across and there's one other thing I'd note, I think, Ted, you get to the kind of numbers that you're used to seeing, we continue to believe in the 60% flow-through number that we stated before, particularly through the cycle. And again, I think, when you make those adjustments for both the geographic mix and for production, you'll see the kind of incrementals you're used to seeing from us.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Was there anything on the freight side or the logistics side that was a notable call out in terms of just the dilution would add to the underlying volume-based incrementals?
John R. McPherson: Well, there's 1 -- that's an important question. I think, 1 thing to note, within our aggregates segment, we have intentionally grown our transportation-related revenues and this is a profit enhancement for us. These revenues come with substantially no capital commitment but they already lower margin as a percent of sales. So in the quarter, those revenues grew from about $60 million to $80 million as being supporting products and services, transportation-related. So Ted, to be clear, what I call the non-direct stone revenue, that grew at a rate of 32%, 33% during the quarter. It's very -- it lends to our incremental margins per tons sold. It's very good for us to do. It's an important profit enhancement, but it does, if you look at the total segment numbers, dilute the margin.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. That's really helpful. So the last thing I'll ask, and I'll jump back in queue, is you talked about the cash cost per ton being down 8% year-on-year, could you just bridge us what the key variables were in the first quarter and then how we should think about those variables in the second through fourth quarter?
John R. McPherson: I'll probably let Tom comment. But the cash margin was up is what I'd highlight, not the cash cost down.
James Thomas Hill: The cash cost -- this is Tom, Ted. The cash cost per ton was virtually flat. And that is attributed to our people in that they were operating in really tough conditions, which affect -- negatively affect operating parameters. So we were pleased with a relatively flat cash cost year-over-year.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And then, as we think about that cost dynamic going forward, I know you said there's a lot of labor leverage going forward but are there any other kind of headwinds or tailwinds we should just be mindful of as we kind of model going forward?
James Thomas Hill: I think that the rising volumes always help those cash costs because there's a big piece to that. I think, our folks have done a good job keeping our equipment and operations in good shape, ready for rising volumes. And that's a matter of really adding hours at this point.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And the last thing I'll just ask before I jump back in queue, any chance you could just characterize kind of how April started off or the quarter started off?
John R. McPherson: I think, Ted, we'll have to answer that when we get into the second half. Our volumes were up more in March than they were in the balance of the quarter. I think, they were up 9% in March. We like the momentum through the quarter and coming out of the second half of last year. But let's talk about April when we get to our second half call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Unknown Analyst: [indiscernible] filling in for Bob. So if I do the math on your assumptions for end market growth, it would imply aggregates volume growth at the top end of your guidance range. As compared to the outlook provided in February, would you say you were more encouraged about the outlook for volume growth at this point in the year?
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think, we're experiencing broad-based growth throughout all of our markets. And we're hearing a lot of -- this is Tom, I'm sorry, and we're hearing a lot of confidence from customers, suppliers and employees. To try to give you a little color, throw a local color on that, the California -- the private segment in California continues to improve. UCLA is predicting housing permits up 27%. Texas was really hitting on all 8. Residential and non-res continues to improve in Texas. We're beginning to see new subdivisions in Houston and San Antonio. We secured a number of very large energy-related projects along the coast. The large -- the 4 largest of which would be over 2 million tons. And then, the highway segment in Texas is healthy. We talked about before we secured the Grand Parkway in Houston, which is a TIFIA project, we begin to ship it. The central U.S. is a little slower to return, but we are starting to see recovery. We've secured a number of large projects in Illinois and residential is starting to -- we're seeing growth in residential in Nashville and Knoxville. Georgia is a market that we're very pleased with, the residential continues to accelerate and commercial is following. And while the highway funding is flat, we have secured the Northwest Corridor, which John mentioned earlier, which is a TIFIA project, they'll start to ship probably towards the end of 2014. Our Florida market continues also to improve. Residential continues to grow, commercial is following that healthy. With health -- an example of that is the Doral Breeze project in Miami, where we secured 750,000 tons. The Carolinas, we're starting to see residential improved in the Carolinas, really driven by Charlotte, as John mentioned. In Virginia, we also see improved residential and some big projects like the Midtown Tunnel, which is a TIFIA project. So overall, we have a lot of confidence in our markets. I think, you do have to remember, this is the first quarter, and there's a lot of -- to play out, there's a lot of noise in the first quarter. So at this point, I think, I'd have to tell you we're comfortable with our range.
Unknown Analyst: That's great. And then, on pricing, aggregate prices were up 2% versus your guidance of 3% to 5%. And so how much is your expectation for accelerated pricing gains as a function of improving mix versus maybe a true pricing power as volume growth accelerates?
James Thomas Hill: Well, I think, we're seeing pricing momentum all across the markets. Now as we say early on, every market, even submarket, prices at different times, it is a whole mix there of timing of pricing. But while we -- even through the downturn, we were able to get price increases. So with growing markets, growing demand, growing confidence, it just gives you better pricing momentum. Again, much like volume, we're -- just coming out of the first quarter, there was a lot of noise in there. So we -- I think, we're comfortable with that until we have a few more months of real construction cycle under our belts.
John R. McPherson: I think, you hit the keyword, which is momentum. And while it's early, we're really excited about the momentum, both on the volume side across geographies, and as Tom mentioned, on the pricing and margin side in our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the private nonresidential buildings estimate you have. Very bullish estimate here, both in your markets and as a whole. Can you kind of list off 1, 2 or 3, which of those you think will be the best and which could be potential laggers this year in that segment?
James Thomas Hill: I think, the best was going to be the private residential. And that's typical in that the non-res will follow the private -- the housing. But there's a component to the non-res that is a little different this time and that is the big energy-related projects that we've seen along the ports. So the answer to your question, to be clear about it, across the country, residential is leading but non-res is, as usual, comes behind it. But that non-res is bolstered by those -- the big energy plays on the Gulf Coast.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So, and within nonresidential, you would expect the energy and I assume industrial to be the leader in office and retail development to be a little less than that, would that be fair?
James Thomas Hill: I think, right now, right at this time, that's correct. But you are starting to see the building and the -- come on and the traditional non-res, strip centers and things like that, you're starting to see those come on which are -- it's following the residential.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And for Vulcan, is the aggregate intensity, how do those end user markets within nonresidential compare?
Donald M. James: Well, historically, highways are the most aggregate-intensive. Industrial projects would be next because, particularly the ones on the Gulf Coast, the first step in the process is to build a pad on which you can expand a refinery or build an LNG facility or an industrial plant along the Gulf Coast in low-lying areas. So those are significantly aggregate-intensive. Then, traditional commercial construction will be next and residential is the least aggregate-intensive. Although in the residential area, as you know, the primary use of aggregates is in lot development, streets and utilities and infrastructure. And in this, unlike residential construction 1 year or 18 months ago, we're now in a lot development phase, which is more aggregate-intensive than residential would be thought as steady state.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Question on the $2.8 million inventory drawdown in the quarter. Just wondering, was this primarily in weather-hit markets or is it a bit more broad-based? And if you could talk about the outlook for inventory management for the balance of the year and if there's going to be any impact on incremental margins?
James Thomas Hill: Garik, this is Tom. The drawdown on inventory was really due to the bad weather, the cold weather in the East. It is just very inefficient or impossible to run in snow and ice. So that was intentional on our part. And I don't see that inventory being an impact going forward, we'll catch that up and move on. But you just -- you create a lot of cost and a lot of pain for yourself if you try to run in really, really bad weather.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And I guess, if you could talk about -- you touched upon your views on private non-res. And you've talked about for a couple of quarters now the sensitivity to your guidance, depending on whether or not some of these big projects in the South commenced this year and certain timing around these projects. As you move through the first quarter, as we sit here in early May, can you talk about your visibility with respect to these big projects now as opposed to a quarter ago, and what your level of confidence that they actually get started this year versus next year?
James Thomas Hill: We've seen a couple of those projects start. We begin to ship a few of them. But we are still unclear as to the timing of a few others, and that's based on permit or engineering plans. So at this point, we need to see another quarter before we have real clarity on those big projects because when they go, a lot of them go really fast. So we still got some uncertainty on timing at this point.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's fair. And I guess, just a couple of housekeeping questions, I think, mainly for John. Could you provide an update on your view on SG&A for the year, as well as depreciation costs?
John R. McPherson: Sure. On SG&A, we, of course, continue to manage it very, very tightly. We're very confident that we will be able to offset any normal increases in SG&A due to wage increases or those types of things with other savings. And so we'd expect it to be flat to down for the year. And equally importantly, we are very confident we will continue to leverage sales growth and profit growth through time. On -- does that answer your question?
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. And DD&A and then maybe interest as well.
John R. McPherson: DD&A and interest. DD&A we'd see as $265 million for the full year, and that reduction from last year, as a reminder, is largely due to the assets we divested. So that's $265 million versus I think $305 million last year. Interest expense would be in the range for the full year of $165 million to $170 million. The run rate reduction with our bond repurchase is about $32 million. And to save you asking, tax rate for the full year we see it at around 28%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: I appreciate the color that you had regarding the mix impact on pricing, but one thing I want to talk about a little bit is we look forward and knowing that you're going to have more infrastructure-related projects coming forward, how should we think about managing product mix in regard to modeling pricing, knowing that you're going to have a greater mix of base, which is a lower price point but you're still getting pricing on that. So if you could help us how we should think about that, not just for the upcoming quarter but over the next 12 to 24 months?
James Thomas Hill: This is Tom, Kathryn. I'll look back on that, we did not have a big impact on our first quarter for mix. And I think, we have -- going forward, I wouldn't see us having a substantial mix impact on pricing. I think, there's a pretty good balance there. I think, we have a handle on that. And while we will see some large base jobs, we are also going to see substantial concrete rock and asphalt rock work. So I don't see a big mix impact on price.
John R. McPherson: You talked a bit for margin also, right?
James Thomas Hill: Yes. That mix of business doesn't hurt our margin either.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. Great. And we've been following TIFIA for a bit now. Could you give a little bit more clarity on how much of TIFIA projects are being captured in your current volume guidance for the year? And it's difficult to put it in buckets on a percentage basis, but can you give a better sense of will it be more like 10% or 15% type this year or do you see more momentum into 2015? But in general, giving some sense of the relative mix and momentum of this TIFIA project as they ramp up?
James Thomas Hill: This is Tom again. Let me see if I can work you through some TIFIA jobs that we either have or have on the horizon. We have the Regional Connector in California, which is a small job. The Grand Parkway in Houston, which we talked about is a very large job, which will -- has started shipping and will impact this year. The I-4 expansion in Orlando is a job that just bid and was awarded. It's a little bit unclear of where the materials will go at this point and that job probably will not start until '15. The Northwest Corridor that we talked about in Atlanta, which is a very big job, the highway expansion in Atlanta that has an impact of about 1.4 million tons. But again, that will start shipping in late '14. The Midtown Tunnel in Northern Virginia, that job is around 800,000 tons, we are shipping that job currently. And in the Duluth [ph] Metro Rail in Northern Virginia, that's really a concrete job that we'll supply with our Northern Concrete group has an impact of about 140,000 to 150,000 cubic yards. So that gives you a view of what we know about right now. Most of those, we have secured. Some of them we'll ship this year. A lot of that we'll ship in 2015 and beyond. Does that answer your question?
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Yes, it is. It's really we're in a very, very early stages of seeing the volumes flow through, which is helpful.
James Thomas Hill: I think, that's right. It's early stages. And I think, when you look at large projects overall, and maybe back to Garik's question, what we have is we have much better visibility to the awards and to the backlogs and to our -- what we have left is those are 2 exact shipment dates. But the momentum in the overall demand is there and is growing and the question is just one of timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Quick question on the mix again. And Tom, I know you mentioned that you don't expect a real impact and didn't see a real impact as far as product mix goes on pricing. But geographic mix obviously had a little bit of impact in the first quarter. And then, you touched on these large energy projects coming up over the next few years in the Gulf. Also there's some port deepening and other activities going on in the Gulf as well. And with Florida being a pretty high-priced market relative to some, should we expect a positive mix impact from just geographic mix impact on pricing as we look over the next several quarters and the next year?
James Thomas Hill: The answer to your question is yes. Obviously, we're hit hard on the East Coast with weather in the first quarter. That will catch up. As that catches up, it will have a positive impact on price. Also Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina, which have attractive pricing, as their markets come back, and as the Florida market comes back, we will see positive impact on pricing.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: But just specifically to some of the activity in the Gulf, do you think that those will be priced as such that will -- you'll be able to realize more of that price impact or mix impact, I guess, as these big, large projects come in? Just trying to get a sense for how you think those are going to be situated?
James Thomas Hill: I think, those are at attractive prices. And I think, they will have a positive impact on pricing.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, also, kind of on that note, I'm assuming a lot of that, with all the activity in the Gulf, a lot of that would be coming from the Yucatán, a lot of that product. So how should we think about margins on that rock? Would they be any different than typical coming out of the Yucatán?
James Thomas Hill: Those are very attractive margins and they will help us.
Donald M. James: And Trey, on the point, we have a very significant competitive advantage on projects on the Gulf Coast because it's a straight shot, as you know, up from our quarry on the Yucatán Peninsula. And so those are really good projects for us both in terms of pricing and margin.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: It seems like you guys are set up nicely to benefit from those.
John R. McPherson: Trey, one more slightly different point on geographic mix, just worth noting for the group. In our -- again, as Tom mentioned, our Virginia, Maryland markets, and through the Carolinas really were hit by weather. And just to give you a sound bite on that, our ready-mix volumes in Virginia, Maryland were down 19% versus the prior year. They're up everywhere else. And so it obviously impacted our results significantly in that segment for the quarter. But just to give you a sense, Tom had mentioned how we had half the shipping days go away in Virginia and Maryland. And so that will rebound as we go through the year. But you shouldn't lose that as a driver of mix and as a driver of concrete segment performance in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about the large-scale infrastructure projects that are likely to move towards TIFIA financing? Is your visibility and lead times better than it's been in prior cycles? We're hearing from some contractors that their jobs for mid to late '15 that already visibility is pretty good on, which would be much earlier, I guess, than the typical bid cycle than prior cycles. I'm wondering if you're seeing that as well. And then, just based on the project flow, can you talk about, with a rough sense, of what proportion of your aggregate shipments in '15 and '16 could ultimately be towards TIFIA-related projects?
Donald M. James: Jerry, we are -- continue to be very active in monitoring and working with potential contractors on the large TIFIA projects. The substantial majority of those projects are in our footprint and the reason for that simply is these have to be revenue-generating projects. And many of them are toll roads. And in order to get the traffic counts necessary to generate the revenue stream to support the TIFIA financing, you have to be in large, congested metropolitan areas. So California, Texas, Georgia, Florida, North Carolina, Virginia, Illinois, those are where most of the big TIFIA projects are located, which happen to be fortunately markets where we have very substantial positions. So we think we will get more than our fair share of the TIFIA projects. And as I said, we want to work very closely with the contractors in order to help them achieve the best value for the aggregates and other heavy materials and products in markets where we have those on those projects. That being said, and I think, Tom took you through a list of the ones that we currently have booked or active and working on, that's a very important part of our future demand. It is not possible for us to tell you today what portion of our projected shipments in '14, '15 or '16 don't go to TIFIA projects because we simply don't know what the timing of those projects is going to be or the level of our participation. We won't get every TIFIA project in our footprint because we have competitive markets wherever we operate. But it will be a significant boost to our volume. But in order to try to give you the kind of specificity as to what percentage growth will be in each of the next 3 years on TIFIA projects, we simply don't have the data to do that.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But it does sound like the visibility has improved, as you pointed out, we've all been waiting for those projects to get moving and it sounds like it's finally starting to play out.
Donald M. James: It is. And they've been slow coming out of the U.S. DOT. Part of it was the shift from -- as you know, under the statute, the federal government could provide up to 49% of the total financing. Because the number of projects was substantially oversubscribed, the DOT and the Treasury decided they would cut back maximum participation to about 33%. So some of the projects had to go back and redo their financing in order to meet that 33% test. That's been one of the issues. And just the fact that there was a huge increase in TIFIA, and therefore, a huge increase in the number of projects submitted to the DOT has certainly slowed the process of review and approval. But as we have noted and you have noted, finally, under the new MAP-21 version of TIFIA, which dramatically increased the federal support there, that we're seeing those beginning to materialize.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, from a capital deployment standpoint, you've obviously reduced leverage pretty aggressively here. How should we think about capital deployment from here? Anything to do before your December 2015 notes become due?
John R. McPherson: Nothing to do before the notes come due. We'll likely pay those off as they come due out of operating cash flow. I think, the answer to your question, as we noted in our remarks, is that we are very well positioned to pursue growth opportunities as they arise. We'll be disciplined in how we do that. But we think there's a real opportunity in the market these days to smartly grow our footprint and our franchise.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Don and Tom, you guys have both talked about the growth in residential communities, which I guess, were basically dead for a while and are now coming back. Can you talk about whether that community development activity is picking up and how far away you think we might be from reaching kind of parity where, I guess, we're developing a lot for every lot we're building on?
Donald M. James: I'll give you one small example. I was in San Antonio last week with our management team and there's lot development going on everywhere. I think, the same thing is happening in Phoenix and Atlanta, lot of other markets, as Tom mentioned, Nashville and Charlotte. I don't have any metrics to say that we will reach equilibrium in lot development and home starts by day X. But at this point, I think, you've seen the statistics that say house prices are moving up sharply in most markets because the inventory levels of new homes are dramatically reduced. You know what incentive that creates for homebuilders. They need lots to build new houses to meet the demand and we're seeing a tremendous amount of lot development. It's very geographically specific, but it's all based on the markets where there's population growth, household formation, job creation. That's been a big driver.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. That makes a ton of sense. Is it fair to say, as people, I guess, that worried a little bit this spring about exactly where the starts are and the traffic is, that this is a phenomenon and a trend that's a little longer-term, takes longer to develop the communities. So does it feel a little more durable than maybe the more volatile housing statistics?
Donald M. James: Well, I think, we take a fair amount of comfort in the fact that we're still plus or minus 1 million housing starts a year. And so the average over the last, whatever, 30, 40 years has been 1.4 million, 1.5 million. So we're -- housing starts, before they even get to a normalized run rate level, have to go up another 50%. And there got to be lots for those houses to be built on. So there's a lot of noise from month to month and week to week about housing starts and home sales. But when you back up and look at it over the longer term, we're very bullish on housing, particularly given our geographic footprint and the population statistics in our states. One of -- for example, the demographers are now saying Florida has now surpassed New York in population. So Florida has been very strong for us for at least the last 18 months in terms of recovery. It got hit, as you know, dramatically in the downturn. But I think, we are very bullish about housing and don't get distracted by reports about this, that and the other that come out every week about housing. We just think the long-term supply/demand in our markets is very favorable for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Vix [ph] with Jeffries.
Unknown Analyst: I have 3 or 4 pretty short questions, hopefully. The first one was the states that had over 15% growth, I was surprised that Illinois was in that state, although you have referred to it briefly in some of the other comments. Could you kind of just summarize why you think that market is so strong? Secondly, I noticed in terms of leverage now, you're looking at net debt to EBITDA. Could you talk about where you'd be targeting in the longer term for that ratio to be? And therefore, give us some idea of the size of corporate activity that you might be looking at? And then, just finally, the ready-mix, obviously, was distorted by Maryland and Virginia, as you mentioned, but it's also distorted by the Florida divestment. Do you have any kind of like-for-like volume change excluding Florida you could give us for the quarter, and did it also have a significant impact on the ready-mix price?
James Thomas Hill: Mike, this is Tom. I'll start off with Illinois. As I said in my comments, we have secured a number of very large projects in Illinois that will last throughout the year. So we're pleased with our performance in Illinois and confident that those markets will improve as the year goes along.
Unknown Analyst: And there was no weather impact in Illinois?
James Thomas Hill: I'm sorry?
Unknown Analyst: There was no negative weather impact in Illinois?
James Thomas Hill: There was bad weather impact. But the large projects, when they were able to ship, they shipped strong.
John R. McPherson: I think, our guys on the ground are just doing a good job winning the work, too, and gaining share. Mike, on your question on balance sheet, we use any number of metrics, we just used this particular one to illustrate the improvement. As stated, our longer-term through cycle goal is to return to investment-grade metrics. It's really less about the metrics and more about the ability to pursue growth smartly throughout the entire cycle, which is what we're focused on. As we sit here today, our view is that we have plenty of firepower and financial flexibility to pursue those options that make sense for us and I think that's a function of both the balance sheet, but, Mike, also the really strong margins and unit economics that we're able to generate from the business, the strength of our operations and sales teams. So we don't see financial constraints in what we do, it's more a question of the opportunities and which ones make sense.
Donald M. James: Mike, on your question on ready-mix, I think, John has already mentioned that our ready-mix in Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia, which is one of our best ready-mix markets, was down about 19% due to weather in the quarter. Everywhere else, we were up, on average, at least double-digits. California, Texas and Georgia. We had very good ready-mix shipments in the quarter year-over-year growth. We are projecting that our ready-mix segment becomes profitable in 2015, part of that is growth in margin and volume and price. Part of it is not having the Florida business as part of our mix going forward. So we think ready-mix will benefit greatly from the growth in housing, and to some extent, growth in private non-res construction. If you've been to Washington DC lately or -- you see huge amount of private non-res construction there in terms of office buildings and high-rise condos in the district, as well as in Northern Virginia, and that's a very strong market for us, all we need there is a little weather.
John R. McPherson: Mike, just to give you another sound bite, the concrete businesses we retained, some asset that we've divested, would have been up on volume, I think, 1.4% for the quarter, and that's despite what is by far our largest position, Virginia, Maryland being down 19%. So the increases in the other markets are very strong. We have increases in pricing, increases in material margins across each of these businesses, and I think, all indicative of the recovery in private residential activity. So we're bullish on it. And obviously, the weather impact in Northern Virginia will reverse itself. I think, if you look at the gross profit mix relative to the expectations in our concrete segment for the quarter, it is almost entirely explained by the volume decline in Northern Virginia, which again, will reverse itself.
Unknown Analyst: Is that a high-margin market for you?
John R. McPherson: We have a very good position in that market. That's a good concrete market, arguably our highest-margin market.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-03-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: William Matthew Brown - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William J. Sandbrook - Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research Sean Wondrack Yilma Abebe - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Dodson  John Messenger - Redburn Partners LLP, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the U.S. Concrete Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Matt Brown, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, please go ahead.
William Matthew Brown: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in U.S. Concrete, and we are pleased to share our results with you. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. Information reported on this call speaks only as of today, and therefore, you are advised that time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the date of any replay. We will discuss certain topics that contain forward-looking information. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to projected revenues, volumes and pricing and other financial and operating results, capital expenditures, strategies, expectations, intentions, plans, future events, performance, underlying assumptions and other statements that do not relate to historical or current facts. Although, the company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can provide no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If you'd like to be on e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please sign up in the Investor Relations section of our website under E-mail Alerts. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website, under Events and Presentations. Please also note that you can find a reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K filed earlier today and in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Sandbrook, our President and CEO, to discuss the highlights for the fourth quarter and full year 2013.
William J. Sandbrook: Thank you, Matt. 2013 marked our first full year with our new management team and new headquarters in Euless, Texas. We started the year with some very aggressive goals for our team and I'm pleased to announce that we delivered both operationally and financially, capitalizing on many of the opportunities in our core markets. Although much of the fourth quarter was challenging from a weather perspective, we were able to grow volume, pricing, revenue and EBITDA in both of our reportable segments, Ready-mixed Concrete and Aggregates. In addition to our improvements in operating performance during the fourth quarter, we successfully accessed the capital markets and issued $200 million of senior secured notes, combined with the refinancing of our ABL facility, which increased the commitments under the facility to $125 million. These transactions provided us with additional liquidity that will allow us to further grow our business by capitalizing on the burgeoning demand in our core markets and take advantage of strategic opportunities that we identify. We continue to be encouraged by the improvement in our construction markets. Our core markets are in key areas of states, including Texas, California and New York, that collectively represented over 1/3 of the national ready-mixed volume produced, total population and overall U.S. GDP in 2013. In addition, these states represented over 40% of the total growth in U.S. GDP over the past 2 years. And according to the Portland Cement Association, represented over 55% of the total growth in ready-mixed concrete volume in 2013. The fourth quarter outlook from SMI, a provider of research to the engineering and construction industry, projects a 7% growth in construction in 2014, with similar growth rates through 2017. We anticipate our core markets will continue to capture a higher than average portion of that growth. The strength of the improved construction markets in our key states of Texas and California has been well documented, and we are fortunate to be participating in this growth through a significant portion of our overall production capacity. It is no surprise why we are so excited about our business, our people, our prospects and our opportunities. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Matt to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results.
William Matthew Brown: Thanks, Bill. First, I would like to summarize a few highlights of what was an extremely successful year for U.S. Concrete. Then I will discuss our fourth quarter results in a little more detail. For the full year, total revenues from continuing operations were up $84 million or 15.8% over prior year. We saw improvement in both of our operating segments. Ready-mixed Concrete revenue increased by 15.1% over prior year and Aggregates Products revenue increased by 19.4% over prior year. Revenue growth was driven by both volume and pricing improvements. Ready-mixed Concrete volume and pricing increased by 8% and 6.6%, respectively, year-over-year. Aggregates volume and pricing increased by 5.6% and 12.0%, respectively, year-over-year. The combination of pricing and volume improvement drove operating leverage in all aspects of our business. Our Ready-mixed Concrete gross profit increased $18.7 million or 28.2%, on a 15.1% improvement in revenue. This represents a 160-basis-point expansion in our Ready-mixed Concrete gross profit margin for the year. Our Aggregates gross profit increased $3.4 million or 61.8%, on a 19.4% improvement in revenue. This represent a 610-basis-point expansion in our Aggregates gross profit margin for the year. This is particularly encouraging in light of the stress that the weather put on productivity and efficiency during the fourth quarter. This also shows that we were committed and able to effectively pass through increased costs in Cement and Aggregates in the form of increased pricing. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $48.3 million, a 92.1% improvement over prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 7.9% for the year, compared to 4.7% in the prior year. Now, I'd like to discuss our fourth quarter results in a little more detail. Total revenues from continuing operations were up 12.1% year-over-year for the quarter. Ready-mixed revenue increased by $13.9 million, or 11.4% year-over-year, due to a combination of higher volume and higher average sales prices per cubic yard. Aggregates Products revenue increased by $1.3 million or 15.1% for the same period. This marks the 13th consecutive quarter where we have reported an increase in consolidated revenue on a year-over-year comparative basis. Ready-mixed volume for the quarter increased by 2.6%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. We are pleased to see that Ready-mixed volumes have now increased year-over-year in the last 10 consecutive quarters. This is particularly encouraging given the challenging weather hurdle we overcame in Texas in the fourth quarter of 2013. We had abnormally wet and freezing conditions in Texas for several weeks during the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, during which we experienced some of the driest and warmest conditions on record in Texas. On the price side, we realized an increase in our Ready -- in our average Ready-mixed sales price of 8.7%, from $98.81 per yard on the fourth quarter of 2012 to $107.36 per yard in the fourth quarter of 2013. Our Ready-mixed Concrete raw material spread increased $2.95 per yard to $50.06 per yard in the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to 2012. Our SG&A expenses decreased by $2 million during the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. As we have mentioned on previous calls, our SG&A expenses during 2012, particularly in the fourth quarter, were abnormally high due to transactional and one-time expenses that did not recur during the fourth quarter of 2013. As a percentage of total revenue, SG&A expenses decreased to 9.7% in the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to 12.4% in the fourth quarter of 2012. For the full year, our SG&A expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased from 9.8% in 2013, compared to 11.1% in 2012. We continue to focus on and aggressively manage our SG&A costs, but understand that we may incur transactional expenses in this area as we deploy capital in support of our acquisition strategy. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased by 51.9% to $9.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to $6 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 6% for the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to 4.5% for the prior-year quarter. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we used cash from operations of $2.7 million, compared to $18.7 million generated from operations in the fourth quarter of 2012. The decrease in operating cash flow year-over-year for the quarter was related to changes in working capital. We implemented an aggressive trade working capital management program in the fourth quarter of 2012. This program continued through 2013 and has become a standard ongoing best practice. These efforts generated an initial increase in cash flow related to working capital changes in the fourth quarter of 2012. For the full year, we generated $24.2 million of cash from operations in 2013, an improvement of $13.5 million, or 125%, over 2012. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we spent $6.6 million on capital expenditures, up approximately $2.7 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase in capital expenditures was due principally to higher spending on plant equipment and improvements to allow the company to meet the growing demand in our markets. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we closed on 2 separate but related transactions that significantly improved our liquidity and overall capital structure. On our last call, we announced that in October, we amended and restated our asset-based credit agreement, which among other things, gave us improved pricing. And upon a qualified refinancing of our 9.5% senior secured notes due 2015, increased the total commitments under our credit facility to $125 million. On November 22, we announced that we closed on the offering of $200 million of aggregate principal amount of 8.5% senior secured notes due 2018. The proceeds from the offering were used to repay all of the outstanding borrowings under the ABL facility and to redeem all of the 9.5% senior secured notes due 2015. This qualifies as a refinancing under the amended credit agreement, and resulted in an increase to the commitments under the credit agreement from $102.5 million to $125 million. These financing transactions were a tremendous success for the company and provide us the flexibility and liquidity that will enable us to execute our strategic financial growth. The book value of our long-term debt, including current maturities, was $214.1 million on December 31, 2013. This included $200 million of senior secured notes due 2018, $11.9 million of equipment financing for new mixer trucks and $2.2 million of other notes payable. As of December 31, 2013, we had 0 drawn on our credit facility, with $11.3 million of undrawn letters of credit outstanding. This left us with $88.3 million of availability as of December 31, 2013, compared to $52.4 million available as of December 31, 2012. Our availability is net of a $14.6 million availability reserve for outstanding letters of credit and sales tax and other reserves. It is also limited by the eligible amount of our accounts receivable, inventory and rolling stock, which was $102.9 million as of December 31, 2013. We had $112.7 million of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet, for a total liquidity of $201 million at the end of 2013. Now, let me turn the call back over to Bill.
William J. Sandbrook: Thanks, Matt. We are very encouraged by the improving construction activity in all of our markets, which as I mentioned earlier, are a major part of the U.S. economy and a large driver of the economic growth we're all seeing. We worked hard for the last 2 years to improve our balance sheet, build a strong team and put ourselves in the best position to capitalize on the opportunities we believe are only beginning in our markets. Our Ready-mixed backlog at the end of the year was over 4 million cubic yards, which is 31% higher than at the end of last year. To wrap things up, we're very excited about the level of construction activity we are seeing across all building segments in all of our markets. We look forward to the disciplined deployment of the capital we raised last year in developing further accretive expansion opportunities. We're very proud of the teams we have built across the country. And their hard work, dedicated efforts and commitment to operating excellence are delivering on our collective vision of making U.S. Concrete the preeminent supplier of Ready-mixed Concrete in the United States, while simultaneously delivering superior returns to our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to reporting on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to Karen for question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Seth Yeager from Jefferies.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: A couple of backlog questions. When we look at the backlog being up over 30%, how much of that roughly is contractual, and then, based on your LTM pace, it's roughly 3 quarters, how should we think about any changes to the cadence of shipments and just a sense of the end market mix there?
William J. Sandbrook: I'll take that, Matt. Seth, on our backlog, this is a forward backlog that does span multiple quarters and multiple periods. We have great visibility to that in the six-month period. I would estimate it's about 75% contractual and 25% would be the estimated backlog from current customers on their current projects, which wouldn't be signed up with contracts, but we would be supplying a housing development, for instance, and we understand the remaining amount on that project. As far as the mix, our mix remained fairly stable for 2013 versus '12. And I would estimate that our future backlog would be representative of where we ended up in 2013. We shifted a little bit more into commercial. And as I've said in previous calls, our strategy is to be -- to focus on commercial developments, that would be housing complex -- that would be office buildings, big-box developments, retail, that type of thing. And we've also focused a lot on residential. Residential remained fairly stable for the year, at about 21% of our production. We did decline somewhat in streets and highways and other infrastructure, and filled that in with additional work in our commercial space, which is our higher margin work.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Okay. Perfect. That's very helpful. And then you guys had some nice improvements throughout the year in gross margins. I would imagine you had some impacts from days lost due to weather. Can you just help bridge the year-over-year decline in gross margins during the fourth quarter?
William J. Sandbrook: It would be totally related to weather, Seth. Our pricing is very good, as you can see from our earnings results and our earnings announcement. We lost approximately 30 days or a portion of 30 days in Texas during the quarter. California had very good weather. New York was about comparable to other years and had actually a little pickup because 2012 was impacted by Hurricane Sandy. Our biggest impact would have been weather in Texas in October, November and a big ice storm at the beginning of December. The margin impact of that was about 100 basis points, we feel, and totally weather-related, not operationally related.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Okay. Perfect. That's very helpful. And then just moving on to pricing, you guys had a nice finish to the year. Can you talk about the announcements out there from the cement suppliers in your regions and the type of price letters you are putting out. What sort of material spreads, trends, should we anticipate, or do you guys have a specific target over the next couple of quarters?
William J. Sandbrook: Yes, we're not going to actually put a number out there for our target on material spread. Obviously, it's our intention to pass on our increased costs. It's been well documented by the cement players in the public space, as they have letters out effective April 1. We're still in the process of negotiating all of those. There's no doubt it is going to be an increase in cement pricing because of demand characteristics. I don't know if the entire -- if their entire announcements are going to hold. We do negotiate that fairly strongly. But we have been very successful in the past 2 years, as you can see in our results, and anticipate similar success in passing those on to our end users as well.
Seth B. Yeager - Jefferies LLC, Fixed Income Research: Okay. And then, just last one from me, on the acquisition front, can you disclose the price and multiple you paid for Young Ready-Mix, possibly, and just any thoughts around what you have in the pipeline currently?
William J. Sandbrook: Seth, yes, we're not going to talk about the multiple. It's a fairly small operation, one plant, one ready-mixed plant operation in a rural market in Texas. That follows our strategy of continuing to focus on those rural Texas markets, which are very vibrant right now because of all the different oil plays in various regions of the state. The pipeline is, I would say, extremely healthy. We have active prospects and negotiations in all 4 of our regions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank.
Sean Wondrack: This is Sean Wondrack sitting in for Phil today. The first question builds on one of Seth's questions about how increases in cement and aggregates in relation to ready-mix. You went over the cement side, can you talk about the ready-mix side, what you're seeing in the market and what you think you'll be able to pass along?
William J. Sandbrook: Well, you can see that we were up 6% year-on-year. As I've said in the past, the way we price cement, to a large degree, project by project. And as older projects roll off the backlog and are completed, they are being replaced with forward price and forward booked orders. And there is a steady increase of higher-priced projects entering production phase and lower-priced projects falling off the production phase throughout the year. So it's not a one point in time, i.e., April 1, our prices are going up 5% or 10%. It just doesn't work like that. And we have been successful in the past at least 24 quarters of dropping off the old projects and replacing them with the new projects that are covering increased material costs.
Sean Wondrack: Okay, great. And how confident are you that your margins will be able to stay the same or expand over time? It sounds like, with some of these older projects coming off, you might not get the margin benefit until a little bit later in the year. Is that the right way to think about it?
William J. Sandbrook: For project to project, correct. But remember, this is a continuous process. There are projects coming in every day and there are projects falling off every day across our portfolio, because we have such a large footprint. So it's more of a linear, slow linear growth, the 4%, the 5%, the 6% increases that we have reported over the last couple of quarters. So you won't necessarily see spikes in that trend. At this point in the cycle, aggregates are going up, cement's going up, admixtures are going up, labor's are going up, but it's happening through the entire supply chain and the final price of construction is going up as a result of all that.
Sean Wondrack: Okay, great. And with that weather impact from Texas, the 100 bps on that impact to gross margin, do you have any idea what that flow-through to EBITDA would have been?
William J. Sandbrook: Matt, do you want to handle that?
William Matthew Brown: Sure. So I would say that without the weather impact, we would have seen almost a percentage point increase in EBITDA margin.
Sean Wondrack: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up, obviously, there has been a lot of news around fly ash or coal ash and the way it's going to be regulated. I'm curious, are you guys able to sub fly ash into ready-mixed concrete, and if so, do you think this will help margins over time?
William J. Sandbrook: We do use fly ash wherever it's economically available. It's not available in all areas of the country, due to transportation costs and limitations. We look at, we continually try to expand the use of fly ash in our ready-mixed concrete. Remember, it's a cement substitution, so the differential between the price of fly ash and cement is what you drop into your material line. I wouldn't say that we're going to double the use of fly ash in the next 2 years, but we have, again, focused on increasing our use over time.
Sean Wondrack: And what is that, like a 20% to 30% contribution to the overall mix or...?
William J. Sandbrook: It depends on the market or region, it could be up to that at times. And it depends on the jobs that you're using it on. It's not a really good answer, it's kind of a blend of all the above.
Sean Wondrack: Okay. That's fair. And then just one last question and then I'll get back in queue. Given the cash on the balance sheet, could you just prioritize the use of cash between acquisitions, greenfields investments in your fleet and other?
William J. Sandbrook: I would say all 3 are equally important. We're going to deploy that cash where it generates the greatest long-term return. We are replenishing our fleet after a couple of years. We bought approximately 80 new and used mixer trucks last year and plan to do the same this year. Greenfields, we just greenfielded a sand and gravel operation that we announced on, the beginning of the week, on the Red River in -- on the Oklahoma-Texas border to supply the DFW market, which is currently experiencing a shortage in sand. And the Young Ready-Mix one was a small bolt-on acquisition. So the answer is they are all equally important to us. We're going to deploy that capital where we can make the best return.
Sean Wondrack: Great. And then do you expect -- how much do you expect the spend to replenish your truck fleet over the next 2 to 3 years?
William J. Sandbrook: Well, we are, we're not adverse to buying used, as long as it's in good condition, in order to conserve our capital. I would say a good run rate on truck replenishment would be about 60 to 80 trucks a year, but on spend, it depends on the mix of new versus used.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Yilma Abebe from JPMorgan.
Yilma Abebe - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Couple of quick questions. And one, perhaps if you can, obviously, as you look out the next 12 months, what parts of your business, residential, commercial versus public works, highway businesses, do you think presents the outside opportunity for you as you look out to the next 12 months?
William J. Sandbrook: I think residential is going to be more plentiful. Residential in Texas, for instance, increased significantly. It went actually from 20% of our mix to 32% of our mix in the Dallas/Fort Worth market,, and 27% to 30% in West Texas, because of just the vibrancy of that economy. So I would believe that residential is going to have a little bit more play in Texas. In New York, New Jersey, D.C. and California, we're solidly in those downtown construction markets, that are office buildings, retails, some multi-family residential as condominiums are being built. But as you see the gross macro trends, obviously, residential is coming back and it's coming back strong. And while we don't necessarily focus on that, we will use our excess capacity on that, wherever available.
Yilma Abebe - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, and related to that, as you look at your primary markets, which markets are you seeing the most upside, one, and then two, any markets are becoming more competitive this quarter versus the prior year?
William J. Sandbrook: Yes, I'm not going to answer that for competitive reasons. I don't think I want to be public with our forecast for various markets on a competitive basis, or on a growth basis. Let me just answer it though, that all 4 of our markets are very, very vibrant. And they are following the national trends that are well-established. And they are following similar -- we are seeing similar activity that the previous announcements from other public companies are seeing.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Dodson from JWest LLC.
Matthew Dodson : Can you kind of help me understand the pricing in the backlog, compared to the $107 you just kind of reported in the fourth quarter. You've done a great job in pushing it, and I assume it's continued into the fourth quarter, is that fair?
William J. Sandbrook: It's fair to say that the trends remain intact.
Matthew Dodson : And is it fair to assume that if that remains intact, that the spread in the backlog remains intact as well?
William J. Sandbrook: Correct. But, yes, with the caveat that we have not completely locked in our material costs yet. This is the time of the year, February and March, that there is significant negotiation going on between ready-mixed producers and their suppliers to see what the final outcome of the price increases would be.
Matthew Dodson : But you guys have always done a fantastic job of getting in front of cost escalation, why would this year be different?
William J. Sandbrook: No, it's not different. That's as I answered at the beginning, the trends remain intact. So we have assumptions in that backlog. But nonetheless, I just needed to caveat that we don't have contracts on that pricing, but I have no reason to believe that we're not going to be successful, again, in passing on whatever we have to accept.
Matthew Dodson : And then can you run over your spreads again, the dollar and the percent in the fourth quarter?
William J. Sandbrook: Okay, Matt?
William Matthew Brown: Sure, so for material spread, these are percentages: Ready-mixed material spread was 46.5% for Q4 2013 and that compares to 47.5% for Q4 2012.
Matthew Dodson : And how about dollar?
William Matthew Brown: Yes, I'm pulling that up. So Ready-mixed material spread on a dollar basis, in Q4 of '13 was $50, basically $50 even. In Q4 of 2012 it was $47.11.
Matthew Dodson : And can you kind of talk about -- you've always mentioned CapEx running around 4% of revenue, is that going to be the same in 2014 or do you see that kind of bumping up?
William J. Sandbrook: It's going to bump up a little bit. Remember, our greenfields we count in our CapEx, so we did have some Red River Aggregate spend. And we are buying additional mixer trucks, more than we had anticipated, in order to meet demand. In an ideal world, well in the original plans, we would buy new mixer trucks and retire the old ones. Right now, we are buying mixer trucks for incremental volume. And we do have some capacity improvements in our plants, specifically in California, where we have a very, very, very vibrant market that we're trying to keep up with. So I would say in the short term, it could exceed 4% marginally, but our long-term trend, goal, is 4%.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Messenger from Redburn Partners.
John Messenger - Redburn Partners LLP, Research Division: Just a, I think I've got 3, apologies, guys. First one was just, and you've answered, I think, part of this already, Bill. But just to remind us, the material spread number that you gave, is that a 100 bps kind of deterioration in 4Q, and I see, again, you put that back to the weather to some extent. Is that -- am I thinking about that the right way around? And just on that particular input pressure point, I appreciate you're going through negotiations right now, but on the key input of cement, do you expect more input cost pressure this year in terms of the increase compared with last year, given where the industry utilization has moved to, or do you think you're going to get a broadly similar outcome?
William J. Sandbrook: I think that there -- because of in various markets, simply in Texas, and the demand on cement, there is pressure to have a larger increase this year than last year. I don't think that same dynamic is in play in the New York markets. We are basically done with California. And I would say our increases there are similar. So our portfolio is so broad and we negotiate with so many different vendors, it's hard to give one clear answer. Because as you know, we are a regional-based business and each region has its own market characteristics and supply chain dynamics. So I don't like to jump around or avoid this question, but it is much more complex than just a simple, yes, demand is up, so prices are going up. I think we're going to be -- we are happy with where we are coming out. We anticipate a good outcome for us and a fair one for the cement producers, where demand is up. But I'm fully confident in our ability to pass it on.
John Messenger - Redburn Partners LLP, Research Division: And just on the -- I was thinking the right way around there with that material yield point, Bill, is that correct? And was that just because of actually weather, sales occurred given the weather impact, that you had a bit of a dip there, or is there something else we should be thinking around?
William J. Sandbrook: No. You're absolutely correct. There's nothing else going on behind the scenes.
John Messenger - Redburn Partners LLP, Research Division: Brilliant. And then the other one was just on the Aggregates line. Obviously, that, was that again down to particular contracts, because you had a much better 4Q, when we look year-on-year, and obviously, you had pickup in the sales as well. Was that just actually, you had particular contracts, or was that again, just avoidance of some of the weather pressures elsewhere?
William J. Sandbrook: No, I think we've significantly focused on our Aggregate operating segment over the last couple of years since I've been here. And this is a culmination of that focus, both in better and lower-cost operations, in prospecting for new customers with the products that we don't self-consume and a very vibrant market for sand in the Dallas/Fort Worth and Northern Texas market. The combination of all the above allowed that outperformance. There is no one specific contract that bumped that up. No one big road project or anything of that nature. We're very happy with the performance of our Aggregate business and are very optimistic to continue this improving trend in our Ag segment.
John Messenger - Redburn Partners LLP, Research Division: Got you. Just finally, on working capital. Just to understand a little bit more in terms of, obviously you made the point, it's very much a 4Q, something that was started last year, and therefore, we're seeing the impact in the fourth quarter of this year, in terms of year-on-year. But among the majors, we have seen the guys who've got relatively fixed capital employed, the only thing they can play with is their working capital build, as you are well aware. So at the end of the year, we've had companies coming back talking about inventory build or losses because of, basically, stopping production to try and drive down their inventories. For you guys, is this more around the debt or in the receivable line, or just trying to understand a little bit more what actually has been going on here. Because clearly, you don't have a lot of stock, so it's a -- is it all in the receivables line that we are thinking around here, or what is the working capital shift that's been going on?
William J. Sandbrook: Matt, do you want to take that? It's not in the inventory, John, it's in the receivables and payables. But Matt, you can elaborate on that.
William Matthew Brown: Sure. Yes, it's not inventory at all and it's primarily payables. So cash provided by operations in Q4 went down by $21 million year-over-year. And actually, there was a driver that accounted for about $23 million decrease year-over-year, all due to payables. And there were 2 components to that. The first was that during the fourth quarter of 2012, we instituted a new working capital management program such that payables went up significantly over the quarter. Remember, we're comparing a change over the fourth quarter to a change over the -- fourth quarter 2012, to a change over the fourth quarter of 2013 here. So the change in payables, the increase during 2012 fourth quarter was large, as compared to kind of a normalized increase, or decrease actually, in payables over the fourth quarter of 2013. So that phenomenon, just because of improvements in working capital, which will continue going forward, account for $17 million of the decrease in cash provided by operations. The reminder of that $23 million I mentioned, which is $6 million worth of it, basically, was an accounting nuance such that at the end of 2012, we were borrowing because we had very little cash on our balance sheet and we were drawing on revolver to make all our payments to suppliers. So because of that, any outstanding checks at the end of the year were classified as accounts payable. So that accounted for about $6 million of the delta. Whereas in 2013 at the end of the year, since we had a large cash balance, we were paying our suppliers from cash on hand. So that's really what drove that difference.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I see no additional questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to William Sandbrook for any closing comments.
William J. Sandbrook: Okay. Thank you, Karen. Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning and for your support of U.S. Concrete. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2014 results with you in May. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Danny R. Shepherd - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel F. Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher David Olin - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials earnings conference call. My name is Victoria, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will turn the call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. James, you may begin.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter 2013 results. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. We have posted a short slide presentation to our website that we will reference during the call. These slides are also available to you on the webcast. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call, as indicated on Slide 2 of our presentation, contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's third quarter 2013 earnings release. Turning now to Slide 3, I want to begin by briefly discussing a few highlights from the quarter. Our net sales increased 13% for the quarter, and gross profit increased 25%. EPS from continuing operations improved from $0.12 per share last year to $0.32 for this year's third quarter. Aggregate shipments increased 9% in total and 10% on a same-store basis, adjusted for the divestiture of our Wisconsin operations and the acquisitions of 3 bolt-on quarries in Georgia and Texas. Volumes continued to be particularly strong in Florida and Texas, where shipments increased sharply compared to last year, up 36% and 29%, respectively. Aggregate volumes and other key markets, including Arizona, California, Georgia and North Carolina, all improved at least 14%. Some of the volume improvement relates to a recovery from the particularly wet weather we had in the first half of the year, which we've discussed in our prior conference calls. Ready-mixed volumes were up sharply for the quarter and were higher in every market. Cement volumes were up on strength in Florida and asphalt shipments up 4%, were particularly strong in Texas and Southern California. On a freight adjusted basis, aggregates pricing for the quarter was up 2.4% or $0.26 per ton, to an average selling price of $10.89 per ton. This is the highest quarterly sales price in company history. Pricing in our ready-mix segment was up 2% for the quarter. Geographic mix had a slightly negative impact on ready-mix pricing, but all Vulcan states saw higher pricing. While asphalt pricing was almost flat, liquid lower asphalt cost resulted in increased materials margins. Vulcan served states continued to exceed the U.S. average in private construction activity. We have seen improvement in sales momentum and awards in a number of our states. Single-family starts are growing in virtually all markets. And key Vulcan states such as Texas, Florida, California and Virginia are seeing sharp demand growth in private nonresidential buildings. Slide 4 provides a summary of our third quarter financial results. Consolidated net sales increased $88 million and gross profit increased $32 million, as both the aggregates and non-aggregates segments reported year-over-year improvements in earnings. Gross profit margin increased 200 basis points. EBITDA for the quarter was $180 million, an increase of $39 million from the prior year's third quarter. Included in 2013 EBITDA is a $9 million pretax gain on sale of reclaimed real estate. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.32 per quarter. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Danny Shepherd, who will walk you through our segment results for the quarter.
Danny R. Shepherd: Thanks, Don. Turning to Slide 5, you see a 9% increase in third quarter aggregate shipments. As often discussed, incremental volume has a significant impact to gross profit, and you can see this during the third quarter. This 9% increase in shipments or $3.4 million additional tons drove a $25 million improvement in aggregates gross profit or $7.35 per incremental tons sold. This attractive incremental margin per incremental ton of aggregates sold demonstrates the earnings leverage of our aggregates business. Non-aggregates earnings increased $7 million, due to improving private construction demand, which benefited concrete and cement volumes, and lower asphalt cost, which increased materials margins in asphalt. The concrete earnings improvement reflects higher shipments in pricing in all of the companies served states. Third quarter shipments of ready-mixed concrete increased 17% and pricing increased mid-single digits in most markets. Cement earnings were down slightly in the third quarter as the earnings effect of higher volumes was offset by higher repair cost associated with the timing this year of a scheduled field outage. Now turning to Slide 6. You see that aggregates gross margins increased 130 basis points due to higher volumes and pricing. Aggregate shipments in a number of markets increased sharply versus the prior year. As you'll recall, wet weather had a significant impact in this year's first half. While the wet weather continued into July, we experienced the catch-up effect, as some shipments delayed due to weather were realized in the third quarter, contributing to higher volumes and margin expansion. Aggregates pricing improved 2.4% compared with the prior year. Most markets realized positive growth with year-over-year improvement ranging from low- to mid-single digits versus the prior year. Sharp increase in shipments this quarter led to a 2.8 million ton reduction in aggregates inventory at the quarries. Production levels that were below our level of shipments had a negative impact on total cost for the quarter. These actions negatively affected earnings by $6 million in the third quarter. Our current inventory levels provide opportunity for higher production levels and efficiencies, as demand continues to improve. Additionally, robust shipments to remote sales yards in response to growing demand along the Gulf Coast increased cost of sales $2 million, due to increased freight and distribution cost. Most key productivity and operating metrics improved versus the prior year. Labor productivity and energy efficiency improved, highlighting a solid quarter of cost management. As shown on Slide 12, on a trailing 12-month basis, our cash gross profit was $4.24 per ton, 26% greater than it was at the prior peak and trailing 12-month shipments ending in the first quarter of 2006, and this is superior to that of our peers. Because of our disciplined approach to pricing and cost management, the earnings leverage in our aggregates business continues to increase. For the quarter, cash gross profit per ton of $4.83 was the highest third quarter level in company history and the highest of any quarter over the last 4 years. This higher unit profitability positions us well for greater earnings leverage from incremental aggregates tons, as demand continues to improve. With that, I'll turn the call back to Don.
Donald M. James: Thanks, Danny. If you'll turn with me now to Slide 8. Strengthening our balance sheet remains a priority, and we are doing that through both debt reduction and improving EBITDA. During the past 12 months, we have reduced our total debt by $289 million while investing more than $100 million in strategic assets and reserves in Georgia, Texas and Virginia. During the same period, we have increased EBITDA by $137 million. As a result, net debt-to-EBITDA has improved from 6.9x a year ago to 4.5x as of the end of this quarter. We remain committed to further improvement. Turning now to our end markets on Slide 9. This slide shows how private construction activity is currently fueling most of the recovery in demand. Trailing 12-month housing starts are up sharply, compared to the prior year, due to broad-based growth in both single-family and multifamily starts. Most Vulcan-served states realize double-digit growth in housing starts for the trailing 12 months ended September 30. We are seeing particularly significant growth in key Vulcan-served states such as Florida, Texas, California, Georgia and Arizona. Housing starts in those 5 states accounted for 36% of all growth in trailing 12-month housing starts in the United States. We are also encouraged by leading indicators of future activity for private nonresidential construction. Trailing 12-month contract awards, as measured by square feet, for private non-res construction, are up 10% in the U.S. as a whole. Remarkably though, Florida, Texas, California, Georgia and Arizona are leading the way here as well, accounting for approximately 80% of all U.S. contract awards for private non-res construction, as measured in square feet. Growth in stores and office buildings, which for us, includes all commercial office and lodging, are the primary drivers. Growth in private construction activity in key Vulcan-served states, like Florida, Texas, California, Georgia and Arizona, is important, because not only will we realize the attractive incremental margins from higher aggregates volumes, but we also have non-aggregates businesses in those states that will benefit us well. Year-to-date, concrete shipments demonstrate this expanding recovery in private construction, particularly residential construction. Through the first 9 months ending September 30, our concrete shipments were up 10% on a comparable basis to 2012. Highway construction is the largest end market for aggregates demand within public construction. New highway projects, as measured by trailing 12-month contract awards, were up 7% versus the prior year's level, as shown on Slide 9. This recent growth provides some evidence that the more stable and predictable highway funding environment has led to improving construction activity. The large increase in TIFIA funding contained in the Federal Highway Bill known as MAP-21 should also positively impact future demand. Contract awards for TIFIA projects are projected to add $30 billion to $50 billion, highway and infrastructure construction. Some TIFIA projects have been underway in 2013, but 2014 should be a much more significant year in shipments to TIFIA projects. The growth in new highway projects should help offset recent weakness in other public infrastructure, as shown on this slide. Last year, highways composed approximately 30% of full year aggregate shipments, while other public infrastructure accounted for less than half that amount. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 10. Our outlook for operating earnings improvement in full year 2013 remains on track, and is supported by continued growth in private construction activity, which should drive volume growth, improved pricing and disciplined cost management. Year-to-date, aggregates volumes were consistent with our earlier expectations. However, the quarterly increases to get to this point have been more uneven due to the wet weather in the first half of the year. That said, growth in residential construction activity and its traditional follow-on impact on private nonresidential construction continues to underpin our expectations for future volume growth and earnings improvement. As we look specifically to the remainder of 2013 and into 2014, the projects that could materially impact our aggregates volumes continue to include a disproportionately greater number of large highway and industrial projects. The timing of shipments to these projects remain outside our control, and in some cases, have been delayed into 2014 and 2015 due to project schedules. Full year reported aggregate shipments and pricing are expected to reflect the same growth rate as our year-to-date results through the first 9 months. Year-to-date reported aggregate shipments have increased 2% from the prior year, and same-store shipments have increased 3%, adjusted for the divestitures and acquisitions completed this year. Forecasting shipments in the fourth quarter always contains an added level of uncertainty due to weather. Our expectation for shipment activity in the fourth quarter is based on normal weather patterns, which we have certainly enjoyed for most of the month of October. Year-to-date, freight-adjusted pricing has increased 3%, and we expect full year pricing growth to approximate this result. Full year concrete volumes, materials margins and earnings are expected to continue to improve, as housing and private nonresidential construction continues to improve in our key states. Strong asphalt sales in Texas should drive full year shipments above 2012 levels. Materials margins are up over 10% year-to-date, and we expect continued earnings improvement in that segment. Cement earnings are ahead of -- on our year-to-date basis, on higher volume and improved pricing, and this trend is expected to continue through the remainder of the year. Finally, we continue to work on additional transactions that will allow us to strengthen our balance sheet and credit metrics, while redeploying capital into assets with higher returns. With that, I'll now turn the call over to the operator to begin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: First question is on pricing. As you see broader-based recovery in volumes, and our research is showing you're seeing a greater number of new construction projects in particular, how does that impact pricing? And specifically, if you could talk about this quarter, how did mix impact pricing? How should we think about it going forward? And also, if you could clarify what markets were seeing the strongest price increases?
Donald M. James: Thank you, Kathryn. Clearly, the visibility of future demand, which we believe is out there, will help shore up our pricing and, I think, industry pricing generally. In terms of the quarter's pricing, we did have a fair amount of negative product mix impact in Florida and Georgia, where we -- in Georgia, we had some very high SMA, Stone Matrix Asphalt, pricing in last year's third quarter and we didn't have nearly as much of that in this quarter. And in Florida, our product mix shift was much more toward some base and shot rock compared to last year's third quarter, based on some large projects that we are currently shipping to. We are reasonably confident we will get to the 3% to 4% price growth full year. And as we look -- the last part of your question, Kathryn, had to do with geography. Pricing across our footprint certainly adjusted for the Georgia and Florida product mix shift, we were up in pricing across virtually the entire footprint. And that's very positive. We continue to believe there are opportunities for price growth supported, as you indicated in the first part of your question, by strong visibility of future demand, as we move into 2014.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: My second question is on aggregate inventories and reduction that you mentioned in the press release in your prepared comments. Do you have any clarity that you can pass on, on how much of the reduction was from base versus clean stone?
Donald M. James: I don't know the answer to that. I don't think there was a material difference in the product mix. Basically, what happened is we had a production plan for the quarter, shipments jumped up higher than we anticipated when we set the production plan and we just ended up shipping out of inventory about 3 million -- 3.2 million tons that we didn't get to produce. As we said in the press release, had we produced at the same level in the quarter that we shipped, our earnings on a pretax basis would have been about $6 million higher. So we're looking forward to the opportunities to run our plants at higher and more efficient production levels, as we move into 2014.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Great. And then finally, my final question is on margin -- volume side. We had noted that it'd been relatively weaker out east, and you're seeing some markets catch-up, notably Atlanta, Orlando and the Charlotte markets. What type of projects are you seeing out of markets that you're seeing recovery that previously had lacked?
Donald M. James: Well, it's a -- it's very market specific. But in Charlotte, we are supplying a good number of highway projects; in Florida, we are supplying a lot of large commercial-type projects, as well as much stronger housing demand. Housing is coming back in Atlanta, lot development is coming back. That's certainly the significant driver in housing. And in Virginia, particularly in Northern Virginia, around Washington, D.C., there's a tremendous amount of commercial construction. As you know, the East Coast has been -- was, during the first half, weak, largely because of bad weather. We had better weather in the West. But as we sit here today, we're seeing strong recovery in housing in Arizona. A big backlog, as we referenced in private non-res construction based on contract awards all across Sun Belt in California, Arizona, Texas, Florida and Georgia. And as I said, it is remarkable that 80% of the improvement in non-res contract awards is in 5 states for the entire U.S. So we're looking forward to significant opportunities as that end market, which is typically a follow on to residential construction appears to be performing as it has historically.
Operator: The next question is from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: First question is on the volume growth that you saw in the quarter. It seems like it exceeded your expectations. It came in faster and stronger than you thought. Is it possible to breakout, maybe, how much of the volume growth was coming from these large projects that you've cited over the last several quarters as potentially getting underway in the back half of the year, versus maybe a little bit more granularity on the pent-up demand that was from the volumes that were pushed out from the first half of the year to the second half? And I guess the third bucket would be just organic growth in your core market.
Donald M. James: Among the large projects we are tracking, some began to ship in 2013. Virtually all of them have very significant carryovers into 2014. The TIFIA projects, the Grand Parkway in Houston, the I-75/I-575 Corridor in Atlanta, it will start in '14. We didn't ship any of that in '13. Most of the big projects -- most of the big TIFIA projects did not start in '13, but will start in '14. We have been shipping on some legacy TIFIA projects, particularly in Virginia, on I-95 during the course of the year. On industrial projects on the Gulf Coast, we have been shipping to several energy-related projects along the Gulf Coast. We referenced the fact that we were building -- or we did build inventory in our coastal markets. The majority of that build was coming by ship from Mexico, although we did our building inventory in some rail yards along the Gulf Coast. So that whole market had good shipments in 2013, and we expect that to continue in 2014.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So is it fair to assume that the majority of the strong volume in the quarter was coming from, as you mentioned, a pent-up demand and weather in the first half of the year, just organic growth in your strongest markets?
Donald M. James: Yes. We had volume growth across our footprint in virtually every market. And so, there is -- in housing, housing is recovering in most of our markets. And that's driving some of the improvement. But the improvement is coming from virtually all end markets, with the exception of non-highway publicly-funded infrastructure, which is down a little.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, can you speak to the bidding environment on some of these TIFIA projects? Is it possible to discuss what pricing is looking like, as you bid on TIFIA work?
Donald M. James: Well, we think it is an opportunity for improving pricing. The reason being, these are large projects. The aggregate cost as a percent of the total cost of the project is typically not very high. And as a result of that, reliability, quality, service becomes a bigger factor perhaps than the absolute selling price. And we believe that, that gives us a competitive advantage in the markets. We have booked the midtown tunnel in Norfolk, that's about 700,000 tons over the next 2 years. We booked some of the Grand Parkway in Houston. We booked some of the I-69 design build work in Corpus Christi. As I said, we booked the I-75/I-575 Corridor work, that's about 1.5 million tons over the next 3 years. That will start in 2014. So we've been having very good success. We booked the Folsom Dam project in California that will start early next year. So about 500,000 tons. So we're having good success and we're doing it at good pricing.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then just one last question, just to follow up on inventories that you're building in Mexico. And just wondering, was there any disruptions, whether as late in the quarter or early into the fourth quarter in your largest quarry there from the flooding that occurred in the region?
Donald M. James: No, we didn't have any disruption. The inventory build, Garik, is not at the quarry, it's in the yards along the Gulf Coast, as we are building that inventory in response to higher actual demand, and particularly, projected demand in 2014 [ph].
Operator: Your next question is from Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Don, you certainly painted an optimistic picture of the demand environment. I was wondering, I know you didn't give formal '14 volume guidance. But could you give us maybe a little more of a qualitative assessment of how you're thinking about growth prospects on a volume basis next year?
Donald M. James: Well we are -- Ted, we are in the process of rolling up our 2014 outlook from the ground up, and we'll also compare that with the macro view from the top down. The macro, and I'll give you some third-party indication of what -- at least McGraw-Hill, through their Dodge Construction outlook for '14 will see, I'm not saying this will be our outlook, but certainly, we look at this and try to reconcile this with our own internal numbers. But McGraw-Hill sees single-family housing up 26% in dollars and 24% in units in 2014 compared to '13. They see multifamily up 11% in dollars and 9% in units. They see commercial building up 17%. They say institutional buildings will edge up 2%, turning the corner after 5 years of decline. And public works construction, including highways, they see down 5%. Their concern is federal focus on deficit reduction is going to make highway funding more difficult as we move into '14. We believe there's a lot of TIFIA work that will begin in '14 and more TIFIA projects that will be approved in the contracts let. But this is a pretty robust outlook, particularly on the private side. Again, we're not adopting these numbers yet. But in terms of trying to give you views on how we see '14, I think certainly, this will, directionally, we would agree with these numbers.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes, we'd agree with those. And then, if you look at the September highway contract awards, I mean, you guys were up 39% in the month of September and on a trailing 6-month basis, you're up 12%. So that's -- I mean, I think we all recognize the challenge on highway federal level. But it seems like your set up in the next year is pretty solid, no?
Donald M. James: Well the -- the good thing is, after MAP-21 passed in, basically, September of 2012, it took the DOT 3 or 4 months to start awarding a higher level of highway contracts, most of those are now in the pipeline. So we're -- we have a pretty good, as you can tell from the contract awards, which is a clear example of the pipeline, which includes not only federally-funded projects but state and local projects as well, with essentially flat federal funding, the contract awards in dollars are up significantly, and that builds the pipeline. We're all working very hard, as you know, on trying to find a way to fund the next highway bill. We spend a lot of time and energy with freight [ph] associations and user groups, which are really a key, and the user groups would be companies like FedEx and UPS and Walmart and the American Trucking Association and AAA on the consumer side. I think there's a growing consensus that we are under investing in -- particularly in highways, but public infrastructure as well. As you know, there is a battle going on in Washington, not only between Republicans and Democrats, but between segments of the Republican Party. And so we are working hard to try to make the case for improved infrastructure funding, but at this point, we certainly don't have any crystal ball as to how that's going to turn out.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then the second thing I was hoping to ask you is just on the Profit Enhancement Plan. Could you just -- I don't know if it's Don or Danny or Dan, but kind of maybe give a sense for where benefits came in for the third quarter, kind of where we are project to date and what's left in the gas tank and what kind of upside we may have to the $155 million?
Donald M. James: Yes, I'll let Danny and Dan address that.
Danny R. Shepherd: I think the way to look at this is, in 2011, we had an operating EBITDA of $346 million. And if you look at, at street estimates today, I think the average is right around $468 million. So I think it's fair to conclude that we've delivered on the Profit Enhancement Plan, because as we all know, volumes have not improved significantly since our starting point in 2011. It just give you a qualitative comment about the overall program. If you -- when we look at our G&A, our sourcing and our transportation categories, we believe that we've achieved greater than $100 million. And it's our intention to hold on to those savings, as we move forward into future periods, Ted. So we feel good about where we are, and we're going to make every effort to hold the greater than $100 million number that we think we've achieved.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Is there any way to quantify what the benefits were year-on-year in the third quarter? If it's easier to take that off-line, I'm happy to do that.
Danny R. Shepherd: Let's do that off-line. We had a good the third quarter. We believe that we -- we're right around $20 million in the third quarter of 2013. But we'll give you that comparison off-line, Ted.
Operator: The next question is from Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Looking at the backlog up in private non-res, can you talk more specifically, Don, as to what kinds of projects you're seeing there? Also, with awards being up 10%, is that quick return than you would expect from -- like from an infrastructure-related backlog, for example. So that 10%, would that be something we could expect a little bit quicker?
Donald M. James: Trey, I want to be clear that -- that the data we have given are contract awards nationwide and in our states that are reported, not that we have booked all of that. So we believe we will get our fair share of those particularly given the fact that, as I indicated, 80% of them are in 5 of our key states. That being said, we continue to pursue those vigorously, because that's where the big growth is coming, we think. The kind of projects, some of them are industrial and energy-related projects on the Gulf Coast. But there are still a number of hotels and office buildings and retail that spread across our footprint. That's a pretty broad-based recovery. And I think we were holding our breath that the traditional relationship of private non-res recovery lagging res recovery by 6 to 9 months would hold true to this cycle. And it appears to be doing that. In fact, it appears to be even stronger in a lot of our markets than res has been. The construction cycle for private non-res varies greatly depending on the nature of the project. The bigger more complicated projects, obviously, take longer from contract award to material shipments, retail projects and hotels and office buildings typically can move a little faster, particularly they're not -- have government projects associated -- government restrictions and regulations associated with them. That being said, we would expect -- again I'm not trying to give guidance, but we would expect, based on macro data, that our shipments into private non-res will improve in '14 over '13. To give you a quantification of that, at this point, I'm not able to do.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I understand. Well, that's helpful. Looking into next year, the highway bill is set to expire in September. Obviously, like you said, Don, you don't have a crystal ball on how that would shake out, but neither do the state DOTs. And given your experience, what are your expectations for the DOT behavior going into the expiration of the current bill, as we look into next year?
Donald M. James: Well, I think I'd start with what the DOT behavior was coming out of the passage of MAP-21 in September 2012, and that is the DOTs geared up, got projects out for bid, and they'll move -- they got those projects approved through the Federal Highway Administration and they'll move forward. On the regular Federal Highway Program, typically as we have -- get closer to the expiration of the highway bill, the bid letting at the state DOT level on federal projects will begin to diminish. We are still 11 months away from the expiration of that bill. But so far, the contract awards, on a trailing 12-month basis or year-to-date, are still positive. Again, TIFIA is not part of the regular Federal Highway Program, per se, out of the -- and those projects are funded out of a different funding source. As you know, they have treasury, financing is available for those TIFIA projects, along with some private, typically some private money, and they tend to be revenue-generating projects. So I think, even if the regular federal paid highway program out of the highway trust fund begins to slow in terms of contract award, as we approach September 30, 2014, we are cautiously optimistic that the TIFIA projects, which at $30 billion to $50 billion spread over probably 2 or 3 years in terms of contract awards will help offset whatever weakness there maybe in contract awards in 2013, coming out of the regular state aid federal program out of the trust fund. But as I said, the TIFIA is far clearer that it will move forward in a significant way. And the funding source for the Federal Highway Trust Fund is yet to be resolved.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. Last question. The recent transaction with Plum Creek, can you talk a bit about the rationale and then kind of, any update on use of funds? Would you be looking more at acquisitions like you did with the last deal, I believe, with Plum Creek, about a year or so ago? Or is there something else that you have in mind there?
Donald M. James: So the thing that makes that transaction makes sense for both Vulcan and Plum Creek is that Plum Creek, of course, is a REIT. They don’t pay federal income tax and their cost of capital is lower than ours. And so a dollar that flows to Vulcan gets taxed at 35%, and a dollar that flows to Plum Creek doesn't get taxed at the REIT level and that makes a big difference in terms of the ultimate distribution of cash from the aggregates business to shareholders, either Plum Creek or Vulcan. As you see, we are paying off debt, as it becomes due. We paid off about $289 million. As we have opportunities that make sense, we want to continue to reduce debt. We also want to continue to look at strategic bolt-on aggregate opportunities. And there are a number out there that we are working on, as we speak, whether we are successful and can find value enhancing transactions, we'll see. But we think there are significant opportunities now. So we continue to look at both bolt-on aggregate opportunities, as well as debt reduction as potential uses for cash.
Operator: Your next question is from Jack Kasprzak with BB&T.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I just want to make sure I'm comparing apples with apples. The categories that you gave for McGraw-Hill, is the public category, the all-infrastructure category that would marry up with your -- what you term your infrastructure component of your business, which is highway and all other public?
Donald M. James: I believe that's correct. I'll defer to any of my colleagues. I think their commercial construction is private, and their public works construction is public, and here comes the answer. Say it again, Mark. Okay. Yes, highways and non-highway public works construction, and then commercial building is private.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Private. Yes. Okay. On the profit improvement, profit enhancement program and SG&A, I mean I know you're not giving guidance for '14, but done a good job keeping SG&A intact, and with that program, I mean looking forward to '14, I mean, should it be, more or less, flat? Would you expect a little bit of inflation? Just how should we think about that line, if you care to offer any comments?
Donald M. James: I think you're getting ahead of us, Jack.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And is there any tax impact from the gain, the $9 million gain, that you reported in the quarter?
Daniel F. Sansone: Jack, there's only a very modest impact. First, we fully tax affected the $9 million gain in our income statement. That gain, in terms of cash taxes, will not cost us anything because it's basically going against our net operating loss carryforwards.
Donald M. James: But from a GAAP purpose -- GAAP purpose...
Daniel F. Sansone: GAAP purpose, we taxed it at the full 39%, 40% marginal rate. And again, it just helps us in the utilization of NOLs.
Donald M. James: But you do the math to get to, what, an EPS at...
Daniel F. Sansone: About 4-ish, roughly $0.04.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: $0.04, right. And just so, long term, I mean we should -- normalized tax rate should still be in the high 20s or so, we think?
Daniel F. Sansone: Yes, when we get to normal operating levels, the key thing that moves our tax rate down from a statutory rate is depletion. And that's worth, at today's volume level, just over $20 million a year of tax benefit. As our volumes grow and our operating income rises, you'll still have that $20 million to $25 plus or minus million of tax benefit for depletion that will bring the effective tax rate down into the range you mentioned.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. Last question is diesel prices in the quarter. Can you tell us what they were compared to last year?
Donald M. James: Yes, they were essentially flat with last year's third quarter.
Operator: Next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Matt Rybak on behalf of Jerry. Excellent aggregates volume growth in the quarter. Your outlook comments, I think, suggest maybe a slowing year-over-year growth in 4Q versus 3Q. I'm just wondering if you might be able to touch on the drivers of that? Was there any lumpiness in the third quarter shipments we should be aware of? Or just give us some insight as to how you're thinking about that in the fourth quarter?
Donald M. James: Our volume outlook for the fourth quarter, whether it sounds high or low, should be highly suspect, because weather can move that significantly. As we indicated, we had, compared to market demand, depressed shipments, particularly in the second quarter because of weather. We had some catch-up effect in the third quarter. Demand is good and growing. Though I -- we're not -- I would ask you not to focus much on the volume projection for the fourth quarter, simply because there are too many moving parts. But we did have lumpiness in the first 3 quarters of the year, almost totally driven by weather. Although with that weather overlay, there has been improvement in the market demand as we move through the year. So if we can keep that momentum, we're optimistic we could do perhaps better than what our year-to-date volume has been. But if we get unseasonably cold or wet weather or early cold or wet weather, people will shut down and move volume to '14. So we'll have to see how that plays out.
Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on inventory, you've been reducing them for a while now. I'm just wondering if you could comment on at what point you expect to be producing in line with demand?
Donald M. James: I think, going forward, we probably -- that will be our production schedule. As we look at, from the -- and that has to be done on a quarry-by-quarry basis. It's not some high level inventory management structure. Each quarry, each market has to look at projected future demand, timing of shipments, the sizes, the specifications, and has to build a production plan around the sales forecast. Certainly, as we see here today, if we see volume continue to move, to grow in 2014, our production levels should begin to approximate shipment levels, which certainly help our GAAP earnings.
Operator: Your next question is from Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So Don, a lot of my questions have been answered, but one sort of high level one. On the residential side, you obviously had a lot of nice things to say about what you guys are seeing in the residential markets. Certainly, some of the homeowners, a lot of investors have been concerned about a bit of a slowdown on the front end of what they're seeing in terms of orders and things like that. Can you square the circle a little bit and talk about what you may be hearing from your customers and what they're hearing from their customers?
Donald M. James: Well, a lot depends on what information you focus on. One of the factors that has supposedly slowed the sale of housing is the fact that prices have moved up sharply. And an explanation for prices have moved up sharply is the inventory of houses available for sale has fallen sharply. So it depends on whether you are selling an existing house or you're focusing on building a new house on a new lot. You're going to have a very different view about the current state of the housing market. We like the fact that inventory of houses available for sale is shrinking. We're seeing a significant amount of lot development going on, which is really one of the drivers for our product, much more than the actual construction of the house in markets other than sort of central and southern Florida, where there's a lot of aggregate in the construction of the house because of the building codes. I think we are cautiously optimistic that housing will continue its recovery based on demographics and affordability. Obviously, as interest rates are tending to move up and prices of housing is tending to move up, that will have an impact on demand presumably. But the McGraw-Hill data that I referenced earlier, they're saying single-family housing starts up 24% to 785. That's still a modest number compared to history and demographics and the normalized demand rate and construction rate for single-family housing. So while we recognize there are some headwinds to housing, in our markets at least, housing, at least in our -- most of our markets, the housing is -- remains very good.
Operator: The next question is from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Quick question. The government shut down, does that have any sort of impact on business? I mean, obviously, the volumes are very strong. But when you think about -- kind of having to think about this again, in a couple of months, I was just curious kind of what you -- how the state DOTs react to that?
Donald M. James: It is really hard for us to quantify the impact of the shutdown. If there has been an impact, it's sort of hard to see. But I think it's much more of a macro consumer confidence kind of issue that may have some impact. But it's really hard for us to trace it down to our business.
Danny R. Shepherd: And I think an important point is that the highway program, the Federal Highway Program and the trust fund, is insulated from the shutdown itself.
Stanley S. Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, that was my understanding that it, like, sometimes, environmental studies and so forth would be delayed, but it didn't sound like that was a big deal. And then as far as the debt paydowns, you guys have done a great job of that. Should we think about that as more as debt comes due? Or are there any specific debt-to-EBITDA targets you're looking at? Just kind of how to think about that? And also, within the context of the 2015 notes.
Donald M. James: Well, we certainly would anticipate paying off the 2015 notes as they become due, whether there's an opportunity to do anything before that remains to be seen. But we do want -- our -- we have a dual strategy here. One is to pay off debt, as we can find opportunities to do that. Also to increase EBITDA, debt-to-EBITDA is the metric that needs improvement. And by increasing EBITDA as we reduce debt, we're certainly getting that back in line, where we want it to be.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Desi, filling in for Bob. Based on the commentary that you provided, it looks like public infrastructure spending should increase materially in 2014 in the states in which you serve, Do you think that growth will be fairly even over the year? Is there reason to believe that volumes will be front or back-end loaded next year?
Donald M. James: I don't have a good read on that. It's -- when some of these particularly these TIFIA projects start is a function of weather and the gearing up of the construction consortium in some cases, I would think the regular Federal Highway Program should be relatively stable across the course of the year. The driver for whether we're seeing TIFIA projects begin to show up in a significant way in the first half versus the second half is really wait and see, I think. We don't have a good read on the actual timing of when shipments will go on the TIFIA projects, even those that we already have booked, and in terms of the first half versus second half.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then someone -- a couple of people touched earlier on SAG, how impressive that's been year-to-date. And it looks like -- the Profit Enhancement Plan is scheduled to result in an incremental $25 million of the annual cost savings in 2014. Given the really impressive performance so far, do you think those savings are still available? Or has some of that been pulled forward with maybe this year and 2012?
Danny R. Shepherd: We still have opportunities. And we continue to make good progress, specifically in the transportation area. And we've had some really good successes on sourcing. So we believe that, that going forward in all 3 categories, G&A, SG&A, sourcing and transportation, we still have more that we can achieve.
Donald M. James: And I think as we see it today, we still believe there's an incremental 25 in 2014 that's not yet shown up on the bottom line in '13.
Danny R. Shepherd: Yes, we do. yes.
Operator: Next question is from Christopher Olin with Cleveland Research.
Christopher David Olin - Cleveland Research Company: I just had a couple of quick questions. Just going back to your operations in Mexico. Are you limited at this point, at any stage, by capacity when you start targeting these growth areas for 2014? I just wondered how much upside can come from that area?
Donald M. James: We are not capacity limited in any meaningful way. We can produce 12 million tons easily in that quarry. We have shipping capacity with our own vessels, as well as charter vessels. We also have the engineering work largely completed to expand the production capacity of that plant as we need to in a very cost efficient way. So that plant, which is our largest quarry, has a tremendous upside, as we look at continued growth along the Gulf Coast and in Florida and Texas, those are the principal markets, 3 markets, Texas, Florida and the Gulf Coast. And we have a plan to, as needed, to expand capacity very efficiently. So that is one of the really wonderful opportunities that Vulcan, going forward, is the shipments out of the quarry in Mexico.
Christopher David Olin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. I guess I was also curious, you were talking about the demand strength across the Gulf of Mexico and building up inventories. I was just curious, within those demand drivers, has there been any impact from this port expansion or potentially people looking to accommodate the Panama Canal growth?
Donald M. James: To date, there's not been any shipments to any port expansion projects. But there are, as you know, there's sort of a race among several of the ports to be the first mover and try to be the port that will be able to take the first of the cape-sized container vessels. And we certainly are well positioned to benefit from any of those projects when they materialize. But to-date, I would say -- Danny, you correct me if I misstate this, I don't think we have shipped any of those projects, with the exception of a couple of years ago, we did a very large project in Norfolk at the Maersk terminal. And most of that material came out of our Havre de Grace quarry by barge. And that was plus or minus 1 million tons, I think. So the benefit of the work for us when these port expansions occur is the infrastructure to handle and store and transship the containers, which requires a very large storage and trans loading area, a huge amount of aggregate and a fair amount of concrete that would go into those projects. And so we're happy -- we'll be very happy to see them materialize, but we don't have any that are in any current state of bidding for materials.
Christopher David Olin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Just -- apologize if you said it, but did you give a -- the outage cost for the cements line or the maintenance cost?
Donald M. James: About $3 million that we spent in the quarter on the scheduled outage.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. James for any closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Thank you very much for being with us today. We are certainly encouraged by the opportunities that we have to turn growing volumes into even faster growing bottom line. Thank you. We look forward to talking to you again after the close of the year. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's call. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Danny R. Shepherd - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Keith Maher - Singular Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shay, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vulcan Materials Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO, you may begin your conference.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter 2013 results. I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. We have posted a short slide presentation to our website that we will reference during the call. These slides are also available to those of you on the webcast. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call, as indicated on Slide 2 of our presentation, contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's second quarter 2013 earnings release. Turning now to Slide 3, I want to begin by briefly discussing a few highlights from the quarter. Each of our business segments reported solid growth in second quarter earnings, contributing to consolidated gross margin expansion and significant earnings per share improvement as compared to the prior year. Earnings from continuing operations were $30 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, compared to a loss of $17 million or a loss of $0.13 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. We achieved these results despite challenging wet weather conditions. Aggregate shipments increased 2% compared to last year, despite significantly wetter weather in all of our markets in the eastern half of the United States. Our shipment levels in the first 2 months of the quarter were well above the same period last year. June shipments were sharply lower as wet weather blanketed many of the markets we serve. Assuming more normal weather conditions in the second half of the year, we anticipate the trend of improving shipments to continue, and to be driven primarily by growth in private construction activity. We achieved broad-based improvement in aggregate pricing, which was up 4% overall with growth in virtually all of our markets. Over each of the past 4 quarters, our year-over-year quarterly price gains have been at least 4%, and the geographic breadth of pricing improvement has expanded. Our reported price improvement is adjusted for freight cost incurred to transport aggregates from a producing quarry to a sales yard. We believe measuring our price improvement in this way provides a clearer view of changes in actual realized prices. Without this freight adjustment, our year-over-year price improvement was even greater. As we look ahead, we remain encouraged by improving trends in private sector construction. Vulcan-served states are among the fastest-growing in the country, accounting for more than 60% of all new construction in both housing starts and contract awards for private nonresidential buildings as measured by square feet. This trend bodes well for earnings growth both in our aggregates businesses and in our non-aggregates segments. We are also pleased to see contract awards for highways were up 10% through the first half of the year, an indication that highway funding stability is returning now that the federal highway bill is in place. Moving now to Slide 4. This provides a summary of our second quarter financial results. Consolidated net sales increased $47 million or 7%. Gross profit increased $27 million as each segment reported year-over-year improvement in earnings. Accordingly, gross profit margin increased 280 basis points. Volume in ready-mixed concrete and cement increased 15% and 20%, respectively, due to improving levels of private construction. Texas and Florida delivered very strong improvements in ready mix volume, up 46% and 25%, respectively. EBITDA was $164 million, an increase of $61 million from the prior year second quarter. During the second quarter, the company sold certain operating assets in lower-margin, lower-growth markets in the Midwest. These transactions generated a pretax gain of $21 million, or $0.10 per diluted share. Additionally, in the quarter, we increased our aggregate reserves and operations in attractive markets in Texas. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Danny Shepherd who will walk you through our segment results for the quarter.
Danny R. Shepherd: Thanks, Don. As Don mentioned in his opening remarks, wet weather was a major factor in the second quarter, affecting shipments and production efficiency. Slide 5 provides some context to the amount of precipitation in the second quarter. The amount ranks the amount of precipitation in every state relative to the last 119 years of data as captured by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The darker-green color and higher number -- higher the number, the greater the precipitation. As you can see, all of our markets in the eastern half of the U.S. were significantly impacted by rain, and in some cases, historical levels of rain. To help illustrate how to interpret this data, I'll focus on Georgia. In 2012, the map on the left, the number 38 indicates that there were only 37 years over the past 118 years when the second quarter was drier than it was in 2012. In contrast, the map indicates that there were only 5 years when the second quarter was wetter than it was in 2013. Notwithstanding the extreme weather comparison, our second quarter shipments in Georgia increased 9% in 2013. And even though we were repeatedly challenged by weather events, you'll see on Slide 6 that each of our segments increased earnings due to strong demand in some markets, and effective cost management. Our aggregate segment, which I'll cover in more detail in a minute, reported increased shipments, prices and earnings. Non-aggregates earnings increased $12 million due to improving private construction demand, which benefited concrete and cement volumes and increased material margins in asphalt due to lower liquid asphalt cost. The concrete earnings improvement reflects higher shipments and lower costs. The improvement in cement earnings is due to higher shipments, higher prices, and lower cost. Now turning to Slide 7. You see that aggregates gross margins increased 130 basis points due to higher volumes and pricing. Aggregate shipments in a number of markets increased sharply versus the prior year, and furthermore, instead of a series of major storms leading to the wet weather, the consistent, steady rainfall meant that many locations never completely dried out. Wet weather not only results in lower aggregate shipments, but it also leads to production inefficiencies which impacts cost. For the first 2 months of the quarter, aggregate shipments were trending nicely, up 5% setting us up for a strong June finish to the quarter. Typically, June shipments are greater than May shipments, as the construction season ramps up. However, June shipments were less than the prior year and were lower than May shipments, an outcome that has only happened once before in the last 10 years. Markets in the Midwest and Virginia reported year-over-year declines in shipments due to wet weather and the presence of some large project work in the prior year's second quarter. Markets in Arizona, Texas and California reported 56%, 23% and 13% increases in shipments due primarily to growth in private construction. Additionally, we were pleased to see many markets achieve quarterly volume growth despite wet weather conditions. Aggregate shipments in Florida and along the Central Gulf Coast are examples of markets where we experienced strong volume growth despite wet weather conditions. Shipments in Florida increased more than 50% versus the prior year. This underscores the broader trend in demand growth we see in much of our geographic footprint as private construction activity continues to recover. I'll say that July shipments have rebounded nicely due to solid demand growth even with the continuation of wetter-than-normal weather. Slide 8, aggregates prices continued to gain traction. The year-over-year improvement is broad-based across our markets, almost without exception. For the fourth quarter in a row, prices went up at least 4%, underscoring that markets are recovering, and that the attractive characteristics of the aggregates business remain intact. Because of our disciplined approach to pricing and cost management, the earnings leverage in our aggregates business continues to increase, as you see on Slide 9. On a trailing 12-month basis, our cash gross profit was $4.19 per ton, 25% higher than it was at the peak -- prior peak in shipments in the first quarter of 2006, and superior to our peers. This high unit profitability positions us well for greater earnings leverage from incremental tons that will come with future growth and demand. With that, thank you, and I'll turn the call back over to Don.
Donald M. James: Thanks, Danny. If you'll turn with me now to Slide 10, you'll see that strengthening our balance sheet remained probable [ph], and we are just doing just that through debt reduction and improving EBITDA. During the past 12 months, we have reduced our total debt by $190 million, while also investing $111 million in strategic assets and reserves in Georgia and Texas. Debt-to-EBITDA has improved from 6.3x 1 year ago to 5.4x as of June 30 of this year, and we expect further improvement in the coming year. Turning now to our end markets on Slide 11. As you all know, housing starts are up sharply versus last year, indicating a continuation of broad-based recovery in residential construction. In fact, most Vulcan-served states realized double-digit growth in housing starts for the trailing 12 months. More importantly, we are seeing significant growth in key Vulcan-served states including Florida, Texas, California, Georgia and Arizona. 7 of the top 10 states with the largest absolute growth in trailing 12-month housing starts at June 30 are Vulcan-served states, with Florida and Texas leading the way. We also continue to be encouraged by leading indicators of future activity for private nonresidential construction. Contract awards, as measured by fee for private nonresidential construction, are up 11% in the U.S., with Texas and Florida leading the way here, too, up 51% and 43%, respectively. Growth in stores and office buildings, which for us includes all commercial, office and lodging, is the primary driver. Growth in private construction activity in key Vulcan-served states like Florida, Texas, California, Georgia and Arizona, is important, because not only will we realize the attractive incremental margins that Danny referred to, from higher aggregates volumes, but our non-aggregates businesses in these markets will benefit as well. Our year-to-date concrete shipments are indicative of this expanding recovery in residential and private nonresidential construction. Through the first 6 months of this year, our concrete shipments were up over 11% compared to the same period last year, again led by Texas and Florida which are up 36% and 23%, respectively. This growth in new private construction activity underpins our expectations for volumes and earnings improvements in 2013. Looking now to Slide 12. Highways comprised the largest end market for aggregates demand within public construction. New highway projects, as measured by trailing 12-month contract awards, were up 1% versus the prior year's level, the second consecutive quarter with an increase. This table on Slide 12 shows the positive contribution of recent awards to the current year, up 10% year-to-date versus the prior year, reflecting the impact of the stability brought to the state DOTs by the new federal highway bill passed by Congress in September of 2012. More significant to us is the fact that contract awards for highways in our served markets are up 14% year-to-date, driven by contract awards for new road projects, which are more aggregates-intensive than any other type of construction. This recent growth provides some evidence that a more stable and predictable highway funding environment leads to improving construction activity. The large increase in TIFIA funding contained in the new highway bill should also positively impact future demand. Contract awards for TIFIA projects are projected to add $30 billion to $50 billion to highway and infrastructure construction, substantially exceeding the contract awards for highways from the 2009 stimulus bill. Some TIFIA projects have already begun in 2013, but 2014 and '15 will be much more significant years in shipments to TIFIA projects. The growth in new highway projects should help offset recent weakness in other public infrastructure, as shown here on this table. Last year, highways comprised approximately 30% of full year aggregates shipments while other public infrastructure accounted for less than half that amount. Turning to our outlook on Slide 13. Our outlook for another year of operating earnings improvements remains on track, and is supported by improved pricing, continued growth in private construction activity, which should drive volume growth, and by disciplined cost management. U.S. construction employment through the first half of 2013 is up 2.8% from the prior year, an indication that construction activity is again growing, albeit from a low base. Aggregates demand from private construction is expected to grow mid- to high-single digits overall, led by the residential segment. Public construction in the second half of 2013 should begin benefiting from recent growth in contract awards for new highway projects, as well as from TIFIA funding, and these 2 items should create positive momentum in that sector going into 2014. As we look specifically to the remainder of 2013, the projects that could materially impact our second half aggregates volumes continue to include a disproportionately greater number of large highway and industrial projects. The timing of shipments to these projects remains outside our control, and in some cases, has been delayed due to project considerations. Additionally, the wet weather experienced in the first half of this year could cause some project work to slow, resulting in backlog carryovers into 2014. As a result, we expect second half aggregate shipments to increase 2% to 4% from the prior year. This volume outlook assumes more normal weather patterns throughout the remainder of the year, and includes the effects of sales volumes associated with acquisitions and divestitures this year. On a same-store basis, second half aggregate shipments are expected to increase 3% to 5%. In keeping with our successful efforts to offset the earnings effect of lower volumes in recent quarters, we continue our focus on reducing controllable cost and achieving improved pricing. The geographic breadth of pricing gains achieved in 2012, and so far this year, reinforces our expectations for continued price growth for the second half. We expect full year freight-adjusted price growth of approximately 4% for full year 2013. Additionally, earnings in each of our non-aggregate segments should improve compared to last year. Asphalt materials margins increased throughout 2012, and we expect material margins to continue to increase throughout 2013 and contribute to earnings growth in this segment. Full year concrete volumes and material margins are expected to improve in 2013 as housing starts continue recovering in key states. Concrete volumes year-to-date have increased 11% overall versus the prior year due in part to increased private construction activity in Florida. We expect the increased private construction activity to continue to lead to improved unit profitability in the concrete segment. Cement earnings should improve in 2013 due to higher shipments, improved pricing and lower production costs. As a result, collectively, full year earnings from these segments are expected to contribute significantly to earnings growth in 2013 as they have in the second quarter of this year. Our full year outlook for 2013 reflects our continued progress toward achieving our Profit Enhancement Plan goals. Through the first half of 2013, we remain on track to meet our target of $100 million in improvement from the 2011 base year. Finally, we will continue to work on additional asset-related transactions that will allow us to strengthen our balance sheet and credit metrics, as well as redeploy capital and assets in markets with higher future returns to increase our ability to improve earnings as construction activity grows. With that, I'll turn the program over to our operator to begin your questions. Thank you for your interest, and we look forward to responding to your questions. Is the operator available? Well, bear with us a moment as we get the line open for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned some pretty strong shipments in some of your key states and it suggests that in some other states you had probably a proportionate decline. So I was wondering, what do you think the disparity among the different regions says about the recovery and says about the outlook?
Donald M. James: Well, I think in the second quarter, it has, perhaps, more to do with the absence of large projects in Virginia and in Illinois and with bad weather. As Danny Shepherd says, those 2 markets were down significantly compared to prior year. Obviously, though, the states that were hit hardest in the downturn are the ones that are coming back very strong. Clearly, Florida, Arizona, California are doing very well now. Texas is doing extremely well. As you know, it didn't have quite the downturn that some of the other states have had. But clearly, as we've indicated, our business in Florida is coming back very strongly. It's coming back very strongly in Arizona. And California's coming back nicely, and Texas is very strong. The middle part of the country is still not as strong, even though we had a lot of wet weather in the east, particularly up the East Coast, as you can see from the map that's in the slides, we actually had volume growth in several of those states. But we know that we lost a lot of volume, particularly in those markets at high-margin volume in the quarter, which we're looking forward to capturing through the remainder of the year.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question was on -- in your -- the prepared statement and the press release, you talked about the historical relationship between nonresidential and how that follows residential construction. I was wondering how tight that is? And what -- based upon your experience, what the typical timing lag is for when you see -- you think the improvement in non-res after residential improvement?
Donald M. James: Well, we are students of economic cycles, and certainly, there is a cycle-after-cycle-after-cycle trend that residential leads nonresidential out of recession, usually with a 9-month, plus or minus, lag. As we look at the relationship now about housing starts contrasted to private non-res contract awards, we're seeing the same pattern develop. Housing starts have started up earlier, are more robust today, but private non-res is certainly recovering strongly based on contract awards. So we're, I think, cautiously optimistic that the pattern of prior recoveries in private construction led by residential, followed by private non-res is repeating itself.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Don, can you talk about how you see the public construction cycle playing out, just to continue the discussion on your last point. I guess in prior cycles, this is about the time we would see public construction start to bottom and turn the other way? And wondering if you'd just add some context based on tax receipts or other metrics that you look at for your key states on how you think that plays out?
Donald M. James: The relationship between public construction, particularly highways and private non-res, is certainly not as consistent. It's driven by different factors, largely by public spending. We're not looking for a substantial increase this year, in 2013, in shipments into public construction, we are looking for somewhat some growth in the highway sector, but then there's some offsetting weakness in other public infrastructure, water and sewer projects, things like that, which ought to, overtime, follow housing and private non-res construction. But the linkage is not nearly as consistent or as highly correlated as the relationship historically between housing construction and private non-res. That being said, the real wildcard here -- and we said that highway contract awards are up 10% the first half of this year compared to last year, which is clearly understandable. We didn't have a highway bill in the first half of 2012. We do have a federal highway bill, that's given stability and predictability to the states. And they started much bigger bid lettings in the first of the year based on the security of having a federal highway bill in place. But the big wildcard here of these TIFIA projects, I know you're tired of hearing us talk about those, but we're tracking about 50 or 55 big TIFIA projects in our markets. Some of those, as we said in our prepared text, have begun shipping in 2013, or will be shipping in 2013. But there's a big backlog of these projects. The Federal Highway Administration has been a little slower than anybody wanted in getting them approved and out, but they are beginning to show up. And they are going to have a very significant impact all across our footprint. I mean, I'm looking down my list, there's Illinois, Georgia, North Carolina, a lot in Virginia and Maryland and Florida, in Texas and in California. In addition to those, there are a lot of industrial projects, big industrial projects, primarily along the Gulf Coast, including refineries for Exxon and Chevron, LNG, the whole energy sector has got a big construction plan underway. And all of those things rolled up, give us lot of optimism -- give a lot of uncertainty as to the absolute level of volume in the second half of '13, but a tremendous amount of optimism about volume growth in '14 and '15.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Don, when you add up all the TIFIA projects that you're tracking, what's the aggregate dollar amount, how significant is that?
Donald M. James: We don't have -- well, the project value of the 56 projects we are tracking in our markets is $65 billion. And that -- I'm sorry, that's not all TIFIA, that's all large projects. Some of those are not TIFIA and some of them are private industrial. But our tracking sheet -- and we won't get every one of these projects and we won't get all the material in every one of these projects, but there is a pretty good backlog of big projects in our footprint.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you spoke about the weather element. Can you just step us through to what extent is that keeping you from being more aggressive on price increases, if at all? Does that impact what otherwise would have been stronger price increases into 3Q?
Donald M. James: I don't think so. I don't think weather -- weather has had an impact on volume, it's had an impact, as Danny Shepherd said, on our production cost. I don't think we can say it's had any impact at all on pricing.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman from Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes, just losses in the concrete segment narrowing at a pretty nice pace here. Are you getting some confidence you'll start to see some profitability in that business next year as you look into the various markets you're exposed to? And sort of second part to that, are you actually profiting in some specific markets and maybe that's just being offset elsewhere?
Donald M. James: Yes and yes. We're -- volume growth is the key to -- one of the keys to profitability in the concrete business, and we are profitable in a number of our concrete markets. And we're unprofitable in some others. So it's -- but we will, overall, with particularly recovery in the private sector construction where a lot of our concrete goes, we are -- we're very happy with that. And concrete, the improvement in our profitability of our cement segment also has been very substantial. And those are clearly related because our concrete is pulling aggregates through our system as well as cement through our system.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: That's encouraging. And as these larger public jobs eventually come through for you, I guess, everything else equal, should that have positive implications for your price mix?
Donald M. James: Absolutely. A little volume momentum in this industry has very significant pricing and margin leverage. Danny Shepherd had a slide in the presentation which I think would indicate that. If you look at the margin expansion, we experienced driven -- while it's not 1 for 1 in timing, it certainly is an indicator of opportunities for margin expansion. Both in pricing, but also in terms of our cost of production. Being able to run our plants at efficient volume levels really does move the needle on cost.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Keith Maher from Singular Research.
Keith Maher - Singular Research: Question about -- would you ever consider doing an equity offering to improve your capital structure by paying down some of the debt?
Donald M. James: Yes.
Keith Maher - Singular Research: Okay. Any thoughts on when that may occur or how serious you are about doing that?
Donald M. James: We continue to look at various options for improving our balance sheet. The options we have are improving our EBITDA, which we clearly are doing and are very focused on doing. Assets, sales of nonstrategic assets is another way, and equity offering is yet another way. So we -- everything is on the table for us in terms of improving our balance sheet.
Keith Maher - Singular Research: Okay, great. And on CapEx, I think your guidance for the year was $150 million. It looks like you spent $60 million. Do you think you'll come in under that number, and is that mainly just for maintenance and not capacity expansions?
Donald M. James: Most of that $150 million would be for replacement CapEx. We have spent, as I indicated, over the last 12 months, we have made acquisitions totaling about $111 [ph] million. So we're in the -- continue to do bolt-on transactions. We are also very interested, as part of our asset sales, in continuing to improve our portfolio of businesses and geographies. The -- however you measure it, cash margin per ton may be one way to measure. But the assets we've sold have a dramatically lower cash margin per ton than the assets we're buying. So we are very focused on being in the right markets with the right set of assets. And that's part of our ongoing strategy, which you will be -- you've seen played out over the last 12 months and I think you'll continue to see being played out over the next 12.
Keith Maher - Singular Research: Okay, do you have any target level for acquisitions and divestitures this year, just in terms of dollars or capacity?
Donald M. James: No. We did announce that our goal was to achieve $500 million of after-tax proceeds, pretax proceeds from divestitures. We continue to look at opportunities. We're not going to sell good assets cheaply, but we may have some assets that are more valuable to other players than they are to us. If we can find those opportunities to withdraw our capital from those non-strategic assets and reinvest them either in debt reduction or in other bolt-on acquisitions, primarily aggregates-focused, we'll continue to do that.
Operator: We will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Don James.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you, all, for being with us today. Given the weather, we are very pleased with the second quarter. I hope you are. We look forward to a positive report at the end of the third quarter, and we will talk to you then. Thank you so much.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Danny R. Shepherd - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel F. Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher David Olin - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Welcome to the Vulcan Materials Earnings Conference Call. My name is Brandy, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn this call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. James, you may begin.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter 2013 results. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. We have posted a short slide presentation to our website that we will reference during the call. These slides are also available to those of you on the webcast. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this call, as indicated on Slide 2 of our presentation, contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risk and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's first quarter 2013 earnings release and in the Investor Relations section of Vulcan's website. Turning now to Slide 3. I want to begin by briefly discussing a few highlights from the quarter. Our business segments performed in line with our expectations in the first quarter, and thus we have reaffirmed our outlook and remain on track to achieve earnings improvements in 2013. Gross profit of $18 million was $4 million lower than the prior year's first quarter, which benefited from unseasonable warm and dry weather, and this year's gross profit was $25 million higher than the first quarter of 2011. Aggregate segment gross profit, while down versus the prior year, was in line with our expectations and better than 2011. Aggregate shipments were 5% lower than the prior year and 5% higher than the first quarter of 2011, which like 2013 was subject to more typical winter weather. The timing of large projects in a number of markets also affected the year-over-year comparison. We achieved broad-based improvement in aggregates pricing, which was up 5% overall, helping to offset the earnings effect of lower volumes. Our reported price improvement is adjusted for freight cost incurred in transport aggregates from the producing quarry to the sales yard. We believe measuring our price improvement in this way provides a clearer view of changes in actual realized prices. Without this freight adjustment, our year-over-year price improvement was even higher than our reported number. Over a year -- on a year-over-year basis, our trailing 12-month cash gross profit per ton has continued to increase despite the 5% decline in first quarter shipments. We believe this demonstrates the benefits of improved pricing, as well as our initiative to increase operating efficiency and reduce cost. Volumes in ready-mixed concrete and cement increased 6% and 14%, respectively, due to improving levels of private construction. Both Florida and Texas delivered improvements in ready-mixed volumes, exceeding 20%. Collectively, non-aggregates gross profit improved $5 million to a loss of $7 million. Cost-reduction continues to be an ongoing focus of our management team and all of our employees. As we look ahead, we remain encouraged by improving trends in private sector construction. These positive trends bode well for not only earnings growth in our aggregates business but also earnings improvement in our non-aggregate segments, which are located in high-growth markets. We are also pleased to see contract awards for public highways, a leading indicator of future construction activity, turned positive in the first quarter for the first time in 2 years. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Danny Shepherd who will walk you through our segment results for the quarter. Danny?
Danny R. Shepherd: Thanks, Don. Turning to Slide 4, you can see how the weather played a significant role in the year-over-year comparisons. The unseasonably mild winter weather in last year's first quarter, coupled with some above-average participation this year in a number of our East Coast and central U.S. markets distorted the year-over-year comparisons. The absence of comparable large industrial and infrastructure projects in the Midwest, Tennessee and Virginia also contributed to the 16% decline in the East Coast and central U.S. markets. Turning to Slide 5, you see that despite 5% lower volumes in the first quarter, our trailing 12 months cash gross profit per ton of aggregates increased 2%. Overall, we expected our first quarter aggregate shipments to be lower than last year when shipments increased 10% due to favorable weather, as well as the timing of shipments to serve our large projects. However, despite overall lower volumes, we were pleased to see aggregate shipments in a few key states such as Arizona, California and Florida, showing strength, increasing by at least 10% versus the prior year. Florida alone experienced a 25% increase in aggregate shipments during the first quarter, benefiting from recovery in private construction activity, particularly in the residential market. Other key markets, such as Texas, continue to benefit from broad-based demand growth across all end-use markets. Sales volumes at the company's remotely served sales yards along the central Gulf Coast also benefited from stronger demand, increasing approximately 25% versus the prior year. Unfavorable weather, lower production levels and a geographic mix shift impacted year-over-year cash cost comparisons. As an example of the distortion caused by geographic mix, let's take my comment about sales volume growth along the central Gulf Coast and apply it to cost. The unit cost of sales at remotely served sales yards is higher than at a producing quarry because of the freight and handling cost incurred to transfer aggregates from the producing quarry to the yard. As a result, the 25% sales increase, along the central Gulf Coast I just mentioned, stands in stark contrast to our volumes inside Tennessee and Kentucky, where volumes collectively declined 25%. These mid-south markets are truck-served from producing quarries and therefore carry a lower unit cost structure than a sales yard, creating the unfavorable geographic mix impact for both unit cost and total cost. Additionally, production levels were reduced to match sales levels. Notwithstanding the lower first quarter shipments across many markets, our operating managers did an excellent job of balancing production with sales and holding inventory levels essentially flat. While these management decisions had a negative effect on GAAP earnings and EBITDA in the quarter, it positions us to run our plants at efficient levels in the second and third quarters and more than recover these lost earnings. I'm pleased to say that our employees did a nice job of maintaining productivity, as measured by tons per manhour given the lower production levels. Year-over-year, this metric of production efficiency essentially remained unchanged. Unit production cost increased slightly from the prior year, due mostly to repairs and maintenance. Plant period costs were down versus the prior year. In a number of locations, the cost variance was caused by planned cash cost in the quarter for routine expenditures necessary to prepare for the start of seasonal construction activity. We did have new operation that were not counted in the prior year. Finally, as Don mentioned, we benefited from broad-based price improvement, with virtually all of the company's markets realizing higher pricing versus the prior year, which helped offset the earnings effect of lower volumes and the unfavorable geographic mix. Turning to Slide 6 for an update on performance of non-aggregates for the quarter, we're continuing to see concrete and cement volumes recover from cyclical lows. Concrete and cement volumes were up 6% and 14%, respectively. These 2 segments are benefiting from increased private construction activity, particularly in Florida. Concrete segment gross profit improved $2 million, due in part to a 6% increase in shipments and after absorbing higher input cost for aggregates and cement. Cement segment gross profit in the first quarter was $1 million, up slightly versus the prior year. Asphalt mix segment gross profit improved by approximately $3 million despite a 4% decline in shipments. Unit profitability, as measured by material margins, increased 19% due in part to a 7% decrease in unit cost of liquid asphalt. In total, gross profit for our non-aggregate segment improved $5 million to a loss of $7 million. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Don.
Donald M. James: Thanks, Danny. If you'll turn now to Slide 7, you'll see that we have continued to focus on strengthening our balance sheet through debt reduction. Net debt declined 6% over the last year, and net debt to adjusted EBITDA improved from 7.5 as of March 2011 to 6.4 this year all throughout a meaningful recovery yet in demand for aggregates. After a payment of a scheduled debt maturity of $140 million in June of this year, which we'll make from our existing liquidity, we will have no debt due until the fourth quarter of 2015. Strengthening our balance sheet remains a top priority for our management team. Turning now to Slide 8 for our end markets. Housing starts measured on the seasonally adjusted annual rate are now at more than 1 million, indicating the beginnings of a broad-based recovery in residential construction. In fact, most well-conserved markets realized double-digit growth in housing starts for the trailing 12 months. More importantly, we are seeing significant growth in several key states, including Florida, Texas, California, Georgia and Arizona. Growth in these key well-conserved states is important because not only will we realize the attractive incremental margins from higher aggregates volume, but our non-aggregates businesses will benefit as well. This growth in residential construction activity and its traditional follow-on impact to private nonresidential construction underpins our expectations for volumes and earnings improvements in 2013. Our April concrete shipments are indicative of this expanding recovery in private construction. For the past month, our concrete shipments were up over 20% compared to April of 2012, led by Florida, which was up over 30%. Year-to-date concrete shipments are slightly ahead of our year-to-date plan. Moving on to Slide 9. We are also continuing to be encouraged by leading indicators of future construction activity for private nonresidential buildings. One leading indicator, the Architectural Billing Index, or ABI, has been showing signs of steadily increased activity. The ABI can be an important leading indicator of construction for private nonresidential buildings. As you'll see on this slide, for 8 consecutive months, the ABI has been above 50, a level that indicates an increase in billing activity. This is a promising sign as we move further into 2012. Turning now to Slide 10. Private construction contract awards continue to recover in our markets, which includes contract awards for nonresidential buildings shown here. As shown in this chart, U.S. private nonresidential contract awards for the trailing 12 months ending March 31, 2013, are up 16% from the prior year period. This growth should support increased aggregate demand and private construction well into the future. Moving now to highway construction activity on Slide 11. You can see the year-over-year change in contract awards for new construction and construction put in place. As you'll see from this chart, the passage of the federal highway bill, or MAP-21, in July of 2012, is finally providing stability and predictability to highway funding. New highway projects, as measured by trailing 12 month contract awards, were up 1% versus last year's first quarter, marking the first year-over-year increase in contract awards for highways since January of 2011. The large increase in TIFIA funding contained in the new highway bill should also positively impact future demand. Contract awards for TIFIA projects are projected to add $30 billion to $50 billion to highway and infrastructure construction, substantially exceeding the contract awards for highways from the 2009 stimulus bill shown on the graph here from 2009 through 2010. Additionally, state and local governments appear to be moving forward with funding initiatives over and above the federal programs. Key states, such as Virginia, Texas and Maryland, are pursuing new funding initiatives that should increase future transportation investments substantially. In Virginia, a 5-year funding package approved by the general assembly can generate $3.4 billion for highways over the next 5 years, an increase of about $780 million per year. In Texas, the Department of Transportation has remained committed to bidding approximately $8.8 billion in transportation projects in FY '13 compared to about $4.8 billion last year. In Maryland, new revenue measures have been enacted that could raise $4.4 billion over 6 years, an increase of about $100 million to $200 million per year over that period. And finally, Richland County, South Carolina, home of the state capital in Columbia and the University of South Carolina where we have a substantial presence, is an example of a local government addressing their infrastructure needs beyond the state and federal program. In that County, a 1% sales tax increase was approved that will yield $35 million to $50 million per year the next 20 years. That tax goes into effect next month, or this month, actually. Turning now to Slide 12. Our outlook for another year of operating earnings improvements remains on track and it's supported by improved pricing, cost management and continued growth in private construction activity, which should drive volume growth. Aggregates demand from private construction is expected to grow overall, led by the residential sector. Residential construction is expected to increase approximately 20%, while demand from private nonresidential buildings is expected to increase about 8% compared to 2012. Our current expectation is for aggregates demand in the public construction, including highways and other infrastructure to approximate 2012 levels. However, our outlook for this end market has improved modestly given the recent upturn in trailing 12-month highway contract awards. The projects that could materially impact our 2013 aggregates volumes include a disproportionately greater number of large discrete highway and industrial projects. The timing of these projects remains challenging to predict. Our year-to-date aggregate shipments through April are slightly ahead of our year-to-date plan, and our full year shipments in 2013 are expected to increase 1% to 5%, with most of the expected year-over-year growth to occur in the second half of the year. In keeping with our successful efforts to offset the earnings effect of lower volumes in recent quarters, we will continue our focus on reducing controllable cost and achieving improved pricing. The geographic breadth of pricing gains we achieved in 2012 and so far this year enforces our expectation for continued price growth in 2013. We expect full year adjusted -- freight adjusted price growth of approximately 4% for full year 2013. Additionally, we expect earnings in each of our non-aggregates segments to improve compared to last year. Asphalt material margins increased throughout 2012, and we expect these material margins to increase again in 2013 and contribute to earnings growth in this segment. Full year concrete volumes and material margins are expected to improve in 2013 as housing starts continue recovering in key states. As we've noted, concrete volumes in the first quarter increased 6% overall versus the prior year, due in part to increased private construction activity in Florida. We expect the increased private construction activity to continue to lead to improved unit profitability in the Concrete segment. Demand earnings should also improve in 2013 due mostly to lower production cost. As a result, collectively, full year earnings from these segments are expected to contribute significantly to our earnings growth in 2013. Our full year outlook for 2013 reflects our continued progress toward achieving our Profit Enhancement Plan goals. Through the first quarter of 2013, profit enhancement initiatives have generated approximately $55 million of run rate profitability improvements. And we remain on track to meet our target of $100 million in run rate improvements from the 2011 base year. Finally, we will continue to work on additional asset sales, transactions that allow us to strengthen our balance sheet and credit metrics, as well as to deploy capital into assets and markets with higher future returns, to increase our ability to improve earnings as construction activity rose. And with that, I'll now turn the meeting back over to our operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: On the pricing, it's a question we've been asking all of our aggregate contacts, but how much of the price increase benefited from mix versus a pure price increase? And also to get set further, what was the pricing improvement in your strongest markets and in your weakest markets?
Donald M. James: Kathryn, I think of the 5% price increase we enjoyed in the first quarter, about 1% of that is mix and the rest is through same-store price increases. You ask about the range of price increases, I think increasingly, we are seeing price growth across virtually all of our markets. The range is really 10% into 12% and then a market or 2, it's probably down 5% or less, but there's a broad range. But virtually, every market was up. Typically, the markets where there is a price decline is because of a special project or some initiative that we did intentionally.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. And just to reconfirm, your -- the states with the highest per unit price are the Carolinas, Georgia, California and Florida?
Donald M. James: Well, the East Coast, the entire East Coast is a strong pricing market. The Gulf Coast is a strong pricing market, but of course, as Danny Shepherd said, our unit cost on the Gulf Coast are higher because of the freight. But these are freight adjusted prices, so the shipments into the Gulf Coast, including Florida and Texas, are good markets, and California are good markets from a price standpoint. So our whole coastal business from our southern tier from Florida to California is good pricing, the whole East Coast is good pricing. The weakness is in the Midwest.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Faults in the midyear price increase?
Donald M. James: Kathryn, as we try to say, we don't do big lump sum one-time midyear price increases. We have boots on the ground, and we try to move prices wherever and whenever we have the opportunity.
Operator: Your next question is from Trey Grooms with Stevens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just kind of touching on non-res. Are you guys seeing and I may have missed it in your prepared comments, but are you seeing any tangible evidence of non-res, new non-res, specifically kind of commercial and the more cyclical stuff, see any improvement there, any intangible evidence of that? And I understand the ABI is kind of pointing that, that could start to improve pretty nicely at some point maybe this year, but just if you are seeing it, where to?
Donald M. James: It depends on your definition of non-res. If you're including industrial projects, we're seeing a lot of industrial projects, particularly along the Gulf Coast, refineries, airbus and Mobile, chemical plant expansions. There's a lot of industrial work in the queue. In terms of buildings, I think our concrete shipments are some indication that there is a recovery underway in certain markets, at least, in private non-res buildings, while concrete shipments are driven by housing starts, there's also a fair amount of that concrete shipment increase that's going to private non-res buildings. So the private construction is really the driver of concrete, much more so than public, and we're seeing big increases as we've indicated in concrete shipments.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then I asked one of your competitors the same question here yesterday or a few days ago but I'd like to get your take on it, Don, as far as kind of looking out longer-term, with all of the things kind of looking into '14, it looks like it could really drive some good volume for you guys and in my opinion I think -- I'm not looking for any guidance on this front, but it doesn't seem unrealistic to see some very nice volume improvements next year, maybe even double digits. And if that were the case, hypothetically, as we look forward, how does your pricing kind of correspond with volume given kind of where we are in the cycle right now as we look forward?
Donald M. James: Well, McGraw -- and I won't give you any bulk on specific guidance for '14 and '15, but you probably have seen the McGraw-Hill numbers that came out the last few days. McGraw-Hill is seeing total construction activity up 18% in 2014 and 20% above that in 2015. So we concur based on the data we see, that construction is going to come back after this 5-year recession we have had. Included within the McGraw-Hill numbers are residential improvement of 14% and 22% in '14 and '15 -- I mean, residential is 36% and 26%. Non-res is 14% and 22%. So there's a lot of optimism there and it is supported, obviously, by contract award data. It's not a theoretical increase, it's real in terms of the contract awards that are coming out. Clearly, Trey, if you look at the relationship of volume growth to price growth for our company, and really for the industry, but particularly for our company, you see that when volumes start moving up significantly so that the visibility of future demand is out there, as well as maybe some of the smaller local players in the market booking up with volume, we have tremendous pricing power. The last time we were seeing substantial volume growth in 2004, '05, '06 and '07, we were averaging double-digit price growth. I'm not predicting that, but that's certainly within the range of possible outcomes.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Desi filling in for Bob. Just on the SAG line, I was curious what you were thinking relative to 2012 what you're expecting for SAG dollars and for 2013. And then...
Donald M. James: Our full year SAG expectation right now is about flat, slightly down from 2012, but essentially flat. We are hoping to improve on that, but our current outlook is essentially flat. There's a lot of ups and downs in that. I would say on what we might call controllable cost, they're down. Some costs like benefits cost, where it's tougher to control them in the near-term, are up. So there's some offsets going on there.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I also want to get a sense of what you're seeing in the market in terms of the opportunity for potential asset sales this year. And then it looks like you made an acquisition in the quarter, if you could also talk about that, too.
Donald M. James: Yes. We bought 2 quarries in Georgia from Lafarge. We're very pleased to close that deal. We are operating, making improvements, integrating them with our existing operations. We continue to look for bolt-on opportunities in markets where we think there's good growth potential and which -- and where the acquisition of a bolt-on, not only can we hopefully improve its operations, but we would achieve overhead synergies and cost synergies and the ability to serve our customers better in those markets. So we continue to work on those transactions. We also continue to look at our portfolio, and when we see places where we have capital tied up that does not have the kind of upside we're seeing in the rest of our markets, we are certainly prepared to exit those markets looking for that capital. And that's an ongoing process. Danny Shepherd and our 3 regional SVPs are very focused on that process. That's nothing new for us, but given now the outlook for the next several years in construction growth, particularly in certain of our key markets we are really -- we're pursuing those. Obviously, having willing sellers has helped us.
Operator: Your next question is from Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was hoping to talk about pep and as a starting point, I know you mentioned the $55 million of run rate savings realized through the end of 1Q. Can you just remind us sequentially kind of what the -- how 4Q compared to 1Q?
Donald M. James: I'm going to get Danny Shepherd. He and the SVPs are our pep gurus. Could you repeat the question for Danny, please?
Danny R. Shepherd: I think I heard the question. Well, as Don said in his remarks, he referred to the $55 million number. We believe that in 2013 we will have achieved $75 million in pep improvements, and we believe that we will deliver, as we've promised, the $100 million in 2014. And we will be at a run rate of $100 million at some point in 2013.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So what I'm trying to understand initially is the run rate were at $55 million, kind of sequentially what changed and how that rate improved, I'm assuming?
Donald M. James: I really can't comment on that and answer that question. I can really only tell you that we're at the $75 million run rate now.
Danny R. Shepherd: Ted, this is Dan. We've got tracking on that, but I don't think we have the data parsed the way you phrased your question right in front of us, so we'd be probably guessing but we can come back and if it's important and flesh that out. It's all part of our tracking, we just didn't slice it the way you framed your question.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure, okay. That's great, we can swirl back on it. Maybe thinking about the opportunities in front of us for the remainder of the calendar year, just dividing those between whether it's sourcing or plant operations or logistics, where do we expect to get the biggest gains incrementally in calendar 2013?
Donald M. James: I can answer that. We are making good progress on procurement savings, and our transportation initiatives are really gaining momentum. We are now achieving both revenue and cost savings in several parts of the country as a result of the plans that we put in place. That's both in trucking, rail. We're making good progress.
Danny R. Shepherd: And, Ted, to maybe add on to that, we expect the bulk of the incremental savings for the rest of this year to be in the areas Danny just described. In contrast, we have achieved most of the savings that we had targeted in SG&A costs. There's still some incremental amounts that are going to flow through during the course of 2013, but the bulk of the SAG or overhead-related savings have already been put in place, but again there are some additional actions that will occur during the course of the year but the largest dollar magnitude yet to come lies in sourcing and transportation and logistics.
Donald M. James: Ted, I'll give you one other example of the fact that the original plan has evolved to reflect what's going on in the marketplace. For example, one of our transportation cost savings was to run our ships at lower speeds, which would allow us to save a few million dollars in fuel costs. With the big ramp-up in demand across the entire Gulf Coast in Florida, we are now having to run our ships wide open 100% in service of moving our rock from our Mexican quarry to our yards along the Gulf Coast and in Florida. And as a result of that, we're not going to be able to save that $3 million or $4 million in freight -- in fuel cost, but the margin on those incremental sales just overwhelms all of that. So to take what we set out 15 months ago and reconcile it where we are today, there are some moving pieces there. And we're making those adjustments as we need to improve our overall profit growth.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then the last thing I was hoping to ask you is on the divestiture side, kind of the update, I know we've been targeting something on the order of $500 million from start to finish by mid-2013. Can you just let us know kind of where the process stands and how we feel about the goalposts?
Danny R. Shepherd: Ted, this is Danny Shepherd. We're making progress on the -- on our goal. Hopefully, within the next few months, we'll have something positive to report. Obviously, we can't be specific at this point, but we are focused on our divestiture program and believe that we have a reasonably good shot of achieving what we've told you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In the context of your full year aggregates volume guidance, I'm wondering if you could talk about how you expect the year to play out sequentially. Obviously we had really tough weather comps in the first quarter, and I'm wondering how do you see the seasonality playing out this year compared to last year and perhaps if you're willing to touch on how April volume trends stacked up.
Donald M. James: Jerry, to hit our guidance of 1 to 5 for the remaining 3 quarters of the year, we need to be up about 3% to about 7.5% given the first quarter shipments. That's just a math problem. We expect, because of the existence of some large projects that are in the pipeline, we expect there to be pretty hefty second half contribution to that total aggregate volume. That's simply because some of these TIFIA projects will kick off hopefully sometime in the second half of the year plus some of these industrial projects on the Gulf Coast. Some of the TIFIA projects have already started, some of the industrial projects have started, but there's much more in the pipeline. So the timing of whether those shipments are in the second half of '13 or they roll over into the first half of '14 is difficult for us to predict, but our base load business, our base load business is improving, certainly, as you can see. And then our aggregates, we are obviously behind on year-to-date shipments compared to our guidance but we're right on our plan.
Danny R. Shepherd: We're behind on year-to-date versus last year, not to our guidance.
Donald M. James: Right, right, right. So we're reasonably confident we will hit our guidance. We hope to be able to narrow that guidance for you after the second quarter after we are able to see the timing of some of these larger projects.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And on the acquired quarries from Lafarge in Georgia, can you just talk about the size of the reserve and how the pricing point compares to overall Vulcan pricing?
Danny R. Shepherd: Yes. This is Danny Shepherd again. First of all, we are well pleased with the reserve position that we were able to acquire. In addition to the existing reserves, there are reserves that we can add to this property, and I'm giving you a range, 30, 40 years is certainly what we believed -- we believe is -- can be described as proven and probable. And there are -- there's another body of reserves that would add significantly to the proven and probable reserves. So we're pleased with the reserve position. As to the pricing question, the -- it's hard to say exactly what our pricing position will be. We're certainly pleased that we've added it to our Atlanta market, but I really can't comment on the specifics of pricing for you. But we're pleased with the acquisition. It fits us perfectly, and we're well pleased.
Donald M. James: Those 2 -- the 2 quarries, Jerry, that we acquired are in the northeast quadrant of Atlanta where we were unable to serve the market. So they helped fill our hand out in terms of the geographic market that we can supply.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, I'm wondering if you could talk about pricing conditions that you're seeing from your customers of ready-mix and asphalt industries, are they able to put through accelerating price increases on the finished products at this point?
Donald M. James: We saw very modest price growth in ready-mix in the first quarter, and in terms of asphalt pricing, essentially flat. The story in asphalt though is with the declining in the price -- decline in the price of liquid asphalt, our margins are improving. But the first quarter is not the indicative of what the full year is likely to be for any number of reasons, particularly in asphalt, because of the weather situation. But on balance, we think we'll see price improvement in concrete and we certainly expect to see margin improvement in asphalt.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what about for your customers in areas where you're not vertically integrated there? Do you have a sense of their ability to get price increase to stick?
Donald M. James: We certainly hope so and we think given the increasing demand in residential and private non-res, this is the time they need to be getting price improvement and certainly, that's a decision they make, we don't make, but I think the stage is set for pricing growth, particularly in concrete.
Operator: Your next question is from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My question relates to concrete. Is there any sort of metric you can give us in terms of tons or pricing or anything like that? Would you think this will cross back over into profitability and the gross profit line?
Donald M. James: It's largely about volume, Keith. We need to be able to run our plants and our trucks steadily and consistently. We also need some price growth, but volume is the key right now for recovery and profitability in the Concrete business. Our Concrete businesses are -- the profitability differs greatly from market to market. Some markets are profitable, some aren't. But the growth in demand, particularly in Florida, I think, bodes well for opportunity for profit improvement there.
Danny R. Shepherd: Is it 30% above where we are before this quarter or is there a metric...?
Daniel F. Sansone: I don't have that calculation in front of me, but -- and I don't think -- Danny, you don't have that data in front of you either, but I can't give you that metric. We will certainly look back at our numbers and our projections and can fill in that blank for you later.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I had kind of 3 areas of questions, if I could, very quickly. Firstly, in the EBITDA bridge, the $19 million of increased costs and other, we know $4 million is due to repairs and maintenance. Is there any way of kind of splitting what the rest is? And related to that, is that repair and maintenance a timing issue or should we regard it as just an increased cost that you're going to face as volumes start to pick up? That's my first question. The second one to give you, just to help, you're talking in the press release about your objectives for costs this year or your cash cost objectives for 2013. Can you remind me, did you say what they were and have they changed given a bigger volume is coming potentially from the Gulf Coast area? And then just finally on that Gulf Coast market, presumably, that's likely to be strong for the foreseeable future, but it has implications for profitability. I know prices are higher there but is there a scope to put through more substantial price increases to offset the impact on profitability?
Donald M. James: Mike, let me first approach the question about the Gulf Coast. As Danny said in his remarks, our unit cost of sales is higher there because of the embedded freight and handling. We also have very strong pricing there, and we have really good margins in that business. So we're perfectly happy to incur the higher cost structure because those shipments come with very high profitability and we report freight adjusted pricing, so we take the freight out of the reported pricing on the Gulf Coast. So with respect to the Gulf Coast, we are really happy with the way things are going. As I told you, our ships are now going full blast all across the markets from Florida to Texas, and that's good. With respect to the cost in the quarter, and I'll ask my colleagues, but generally, there are -- you picked up the R&M, which prepares us for the improving production volumes in Q2 and Q3 that Danny referenced. There is a weather impact there, and there is a geographic mix there, and I'll ask Dan to fill in the blanks on that.
Daniel F. Sansone: Mike, if you take the $19 million in that EBITDA bridge, I think we can drop that into 4 buckets. First bucket we would characterize as cost that have been affected by either weather or mix, meaning geographic mix throughout the network, and that's about $6 million of the increased cost. Second category or bucket into which we would categorize some of this cost is what we would call seasonal timing or -- and that would include -- and that's about $7 million, and that's the parts and supply and repairs and a few other items that are really costs that were going to be spent in the course of 2013 and it's really a timing issue. [indiscernible] of what I would call true cost increases where we have structural increases in costs. For example, we have one site where the minimum royalty obligation stepped-up contractually from 1 year to the next and a few other items, and that's about $2 million. And then about $4 million is referable to the higher volumes that are flowing through the distribution yards which carry the incremental freight and handling costs associated with it. So if you add those 4 categories up, you get to the $19 million.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Understood. And that's really helpful. Just the one other one. Have you shared with us what your cash cost objectives are for 2013?
Daniel F. Sansone: No.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Would you like to?
Donald M. James: Well, we have given volume and price guidance. We haven't given EBITDA guidance or cost guidance. Once we get into a more normalized production environment in the second quarter, I think that becomes easier. You shouldn't, for any number of reasons, and you've been in this industry as long as any of us, you shouldn't draw very many conclusions from first quarter performance, good or bad, for the full year. It's just too much variation, particularly with weather. And this year, the weather had a very significant geographic mix effect as well, which is not typical in this industry. Suffice it to say, we have a full fledged focus on cost management throughout the organization from the plant, all the way up through the entire organization. But we have not given guidance on what we expect our cash cost will be in 2013.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Olin with Cleveland Research.
Christopher David Olin - Cleveland Research Company: Just wanted to talk a little bit about your Mexican quarry and kind of going back to what you said regarding your ships. It seems like that facility could be one of the big drivers of the growth given where the pockets of the demand seem to be developing, Florida, Gulf Coast. I'm just wondering if you can give us updates, kind of where that plant stands in terms of utilization. And you mention the ships running full, I'm just wondering if that's any kind of constraint and would you need to invest in that asset to capitalize on some of the future growth.
Donald M. James: With respect to -- our plant capacity there is about 12 million tons. We are not at capacity. We still got a couple of million tons of capacity available. Our ship capacity is 9 million tons, and we have contracts with another carrier who has self-unloading vessels that will allow us. So shipping is not a constraint. Production capacity currently is not a constraint, but we certainly have the ability to ramp up our capacity at that plant very efficiently when we see future demand exceeding capacity of the plant. We have plans in place, the engineering work is done, cost estimates are done, it's just a matter of when we pull the trigger based on demand. And you're right, the -- that product from that quarry fits the growing demand beautifully. Its premier product is concrete rock and that concrete rock can make cement -- I mean, can make concrete with slightly lower cement levels than much of the other concrete rock that's sold in the United States. Secondly, the big industrial projects along the Gulf Coast require huge amounts of base to start with, and that is the other premier product coming out of that. So base and concrete rock are our principal products coming out of Mexico, they go to the Florida and the Gulf Coast, and that's where concrete and base markets are growing significantly. So that's -- I think you hit the nail on the head, that is one of our really sweet spots as this recovery progresses.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. James for some closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you so much for joining us today. We look forward to being able to talk with you for the next 3 quarters in 2013 and hopefully all of us can enjoy the benefits of the recovery in private sector construction. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's Vulcan Materials earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Presenters, please hold.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-03-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: William Matthew Brown - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William J. Sandbrook - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Matthew Dodson  Austin Hopper Jason Bernzweig Craig Beresin John Messenger - Redburn Partners LLP, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the U.S. Concrete Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Matt Brown, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. You may begin.
William Matthew Brown: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, and welcome to U.S. Concrete's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your interest in U.S. Concrete and we are pleased to share our results with you. Joining me on the call today is Bill Sandbrook, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to cover a few administrative items. Information recorded on this call speaks only as of today and therefore you are advised that time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the date of any replay. We will discuss certain topics that contain forward-looking information. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements related to projected revenues, volumes and pricing and other financial and operating results, capital expenditures, strategies, expectations, intentions, plans, future events, performance, underlying assumptions and other statements that do not relate to historical or current facts. Although the company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can provide no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If you would like to be on an e-mail distribution list to receive future news releases, please contact Laura Russell at (817) 835-4111. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it's available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please also note that you can find the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss on this call in the Form 8-K filed earlier today and in the Investor Relations section of our website. This morning, we issued a detailed press release, which contains information regarding our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. So during the call this morning, we will provide a brief overview and leave as much time as possible for Q&A. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Sandbrook, our President and CEO, to discuss the highlights for the fourth quarter and full year 2012.
William J. Sandbrook: Thanks, Matt. I'm pleased to announce that the positive momentum we built in the first half of the year continued through the end of the fourth quarter. Our year was marked with significant progress on many fronts. We successfully completed the acquisition of 3 ready-mixed operations that complement our existing markets, executed the sale of non-core assets allowing us to focus on our core ready-mix business, accomplished the move of our corporate headquarters from Houston to Euless, Texas, opportunistically refinanced our ABL facility and grew both volumes and pricing in all regions. In the fourth quarter, we acquired Bode Concrete, located in San Francisco, as I discussed on our last call. Additionally, we completed the sale of substantially all of our assets associated with Smith Precast, which is located in Phoenix, Arizona, to Jensen Precast, for $4.3 million in cash and the assumption of certain obligations. This marks the sale in 2012 of 6 out of the 7 precast plants owned by the company. We continue to evaluate our strategic alternatives for our remaining precast operation in Pennsylvania. In our press release issued earlier today, we informed the market that in the fourth quarter of 2012, we made changes to our reportable segments to better align them with our overall strategy and the manner in which we organize and operate our business. As a result of this change, our new reportable segments will be: Ready-Mixed Concrete and Aggregate Products. Our previously reported Precast Concrete Products segment was eliminated when 6 of the company's 7 precast plants were sold during 2012. Our remaining precast plant, as well as other products and services that were previously associated with the Ready-Mixed Concrete and Concrete-Related Products segment, are no longer associated with a reportable segment. These other products and services include: Our building materials stores; hauling operations; lime slurry; Aridus rapid-drying concrete technology; brokered product sales; and our recycled aggregates operation. All historical segment results discussed on the call today will be restated to conform with these changes. Now let me cover a few highlights of our fourth quarter and the full year results. Our fourth quarter ready-mixed volume and revenue were up 15.7% and 16.8%, respectively, compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. This marks our ninth consecutive quarter for year-over-year revenue growth and the sixth consecutive quarter for year-over-year volume growth. Adjusted EBITDA of $5.7 million was up $1.1 million or 24.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. For the year, our ready-mix volume and revenue were up 19.6% and 22.1%, respectively, compared to 2011. Ready-mixed pricing also improved, with average selling prices rising 1.1% for the fourth quarter and 3.3% for the year compared to 2011. We remain encouraged by the improvement in all of our construction markets and continue to focus on operational improvements and strategic enhancements to further our success. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Matt to discuss our results in a little more detail.
William Matthew Brown: Thanks, Bill. This morning, we reported consolidated revenue of $134.9 million and a net loss of $12 million for the fourth quarter of 2012. This compares to consolidated revenue of $117.8 million and net income of approximately $900,000 for the fourth quarter of 2011. Before I discuss the key aspects of our results, such as price and volume trends, I want to point out that the fourth quarter 2012 reported net loss includes a $13.2 million loss from fair value changes in our embedded derivative related to the convertible notes and warrants. This is a noncash loss that is calculated, revalued and recorded each quarter based on several inputs, one of which is our stock price. The increase in our stock price from $6.48 per share on September 30, 2012, to $9.05 per share on December 31, 2012, is a primary driver of the loss we recorded on the derivative during the fourth quarter. Also included in our fourth quarter 2012 net loss were approximately $200,000 in non-stock -- or noncash stock compensation expense and $200,000 of expense related to the corporate headquarters relocation. Included in the fourth quarter 2011 net income was a noncash gain related to the company's derivatives of approximately $3.6 million, approximately $700,000 of noncash stock compensation expense and approximately $400,000 of cost related to the departure of former President and CEO and the hiring of our new President and CEO. Excluding these items, our net income improved to a positive $1.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to a loss of $1.6 million in the prior-year quarter. Now let's turn to the key operating measures for the fourth quarter. Total revenues were up by 14.5% year-over-year for the quarter. Ready-mix revenue increased by $17.5 million or 16.8% year-over-year due to a combination of higher revenue -- or higher volumes and higher average sales prices per cubic yard. Aggregate products revenue increased by $2.2 million or 34.2% for the same period. As Bill mentioned previously, this marks the ninth consecutive quarter where we've reported an increase in consolidated revenue on a year-over-year comparative basis. Ready-mix volume for the quarter increased by 15.7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. We are pleased to see that the ready-mixed volumes have now increased year-over-year for the last 6 consecutive quarters. On the price side, we realized an increase in our average ready-mix sales price of 1.1%, from $97.70 per yard in the fourth quarter 2011 to $98.81 per yard in the fourth quarter of 2012. This remains particularly encouraging since the larger portion of our increase in volume for the quarter was in our lower-priced markets, principally in Texas. On a market-by-market comparison, the average selling price per cubic yard increased in all of our major markets and this is the seventh consecutive quarter we've consolidated year-over-year increases. To that point, our Ready-Mixed Concrete raw material spread was 47.5% in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to 44.1% in the fourth quarter of 2011. We saw increases in material spread in all of our major markets for the quarter as we were able to effectively pass through increased costs of cement and aggregates in the form of increased pricing and additional sales of value-added products. The actual raw material spread in dollars per yard increased by $3.90 for the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Fuel cost increased once again during the fourth quarter of 2012 and we paid an average of 2% more in fuel cost per yard of concrete delivered when compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Operational efficiencies from increased volume, however, combined with our fuel surcharge mechanisms were able to more than offset higher fuel costs as Ready-Mixed Concrete operating margins for the fourth quarter of 2012 increased 4.9 percentage points over the fourth quarter of 2011. Our SG&A expenses increased by $4.6 million during the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily due to expenses related to the recently completed relocation of the corporate headquarters, increased incentive compensation accruals and increased legal and professional fees related to the sale of our Arizona precast operations, the acquisition of Bode Concrete in San Francisco and our ongoing strategic review of our capital structure, which I will touch on more later in the call. We continue to focus on and aggressively manage our SG&A cost. The incremental costs incurred during the fourth quarter of 2012 were substantially either nonrecurring in nature or incurred to enable accretive acquisitions or to provide ongoing improvements in operating margins. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased by 24.3% to $5.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to $4.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 4.3% for the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to 3.9% for the prior-year quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2012, ready-mixed yards per truck increased by 8.1% from the fourth quarter of 2011, and yards per man-hour increased by 7.6% for the same period year-over-year. As to operating cash flow, during the fourth quarter of 2012, we generated cash from operations of $18.7 million compared to $8.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. This increase was primarily the result of working capital improvements. The company generated free cash flow, defined as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus proceeds from asset disposals, of $22.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, an increase of $12.9 million from the $9.5 million generated in the fourth quarter of 2011. Included in our fourth quarter 2012 free cash flow were $4.3 million in cash proceeds received from the sale of our Arizona precast operations. For the fourth quarter of 2012, we spent $3.9 million on capital expenditures, up approximately $3.5 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. As volumes continue to increase with demand, we will continue to adjust spending to reflect our current outlook for future production requirements. The book value of our long-term debt, including current maturities, was $63.5 million on December 31, 2012. This included $46.1 million of convertible notes due 2015 and $13.3 million of borrowings under the senior secured credit facility, plus $4 million of other notes payable. The difference between the book value of the convertible notes and the face amount of $55 million is due to the discount recorded on the convertible notes as a result of the separate valuation of the embedded derivative at issuance. As of December 31, 2012, we had $13.3 million drawn on our credit facility with $12.2 million of undrawn letters of credit outstanding. This compares to December 31, 2011, when we had $15.1 million drawn on our credit facility, with $18.7 million of undrawn letters of credit outstanding. This left us with $52.4 million of availability as of December 31, 2012, compared to $31.2 million available as of December 31, 2011. Our availability is net of a $2.0 million reserve for sales and use tax, which reduces availability in accordance with the credit agreement. We also had $4.8 million of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet at the end of 2012. In accordance with our credit agreement, upon the incurrence of certain events, we must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1:1 for the trailing 12-month period. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2012, our fixed charge coverage ratio was 2.97:1. In accordance with the indenture governing our convertible notes, we must also maintain a consolidated secured debt ratio of no more than 7.5:1. As of December 31, 2012, our consolidated secured debt ratio was 3.22:1. As I briefly discussed earlier, we have been focused on the health of our balance sheet and the overall capital structure that will allow us to best achieve our short-term and long-term strategic goals. You may have seen that we recently filed a registration statement and corresponding tender offer documents with the SEC, with the intent to exchange our $55 million of convertible notes for $69.3 million of new senior secured notes. The senior secured notes [indiscernible] 2015 will not be convertible to the company's common stock, will have a call feature that allows us to purchase the note [indiscernible] and will allow us to increase the availability on our revolving credit facility from $80 million to $102.5 million. The exchange, if consummated, will provide us with more liquidity and flexibility to execute our operational and strategic plan going forward. The expiration date of the exchange offer is March 21, and if consummated, we expect to close on March 22.  Now, let me turn the call back over to Bill.
William J. Sandbrook: Thanks, Matt. We are encouraged by the initial signs of market recovery that we saw during 2012. The continued rebound in residential construction markets is benefiting all of our regions. The architectural billings index, a leading economic indicator of nonresidential spending, indicated the strongest growth in billings since the end of 2007. We continue to believe we are in there right geographic markets to capitalize on these trends as the pace of growth in our markets appears stronger than the national average. Both pricing and volume growth trends have continued and we have seized the opportunity to provided to us by favorable weather patterns in our markets in 2012. Our ready-mix backlog at the end of the year was 5.7% higher than at the end of last year. We continue to aggressively pursue our strategic goals and assess and manage internal activity within our control such as pricing, cost containment and overhead reductions, and fully expect the investments we have made in these areas to benefit our performance in the coming year. To wrap things up, our team's hard work and disciplined execution delivered improved results for 2012. We remain committed to strengthening our current market positions and capitalizing on the positive economic trends we are experiencing in our markets. We believe our focused attention on the delivery of Ready-Mixed Concrete across the organization will drive superior financial performance and improve long-term shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in U.S. Concrete. We look forward to reporting on our future successes. We would now like to turn the call back over to the operator for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Matthew Dodson of JWest LLC.
Matthew Dodson : Can you talk about your incremental margins you're seeing right now? You've done a great job of pushing price. How much of that price flows through the bottom line and, when you get your capacity utilization, how much of that extra volume kind of flows through the bottom line?
William J. Sandbrook: Matthew, it depends on region and the underlying cost structure of the region and what the raw material costs are, obviously. But I would say, on average, it's between 20% and 30%.
Matthew Dodson : 20% and 30%. And then, can you kind of give us an idea of the run rate for SG&A? You had, you said, a lot of one-time costs in nature as we move into the first quarter. What is a good run rate [indiscernible] model?
William J. Sandbrook: We'd be targeting between 8% and 9% on sales. Now we've [indiscernible] we're accomplishing throughout the year some of our refinancing operations, as well as different health care and comp costs due to our relocation. But I would start targeting -- our target, our internal target, would be 8%, although we might be a year or 2 off from that. And remember on that, a lot of that is dependent on the top line growth as opposed to further reductions in the underlying SG&A other than the one-offs.
Matthew Dodson : My last question for you, guys, is you've done a fantastic job of pushing price. Can you kind of give us an idea of what you've been able to do in first quarter so far on your price increases?
William J. Sandbrook: Sure. As you know, we operate in 5 specific regions and I count Washington, D.C. as 1 of those 5. It's specific to each region, and it's usually tied to when we're seeing increases on our major raw material inputs, namely cement and aggregates. So depending -- if we were seeing those increases at the beginning of the year, we would have immediately followed up with price increase announcements. However, a lot of those additional costs haven't been incurred yet and are due to hit our operations in April. So I would say 75% of our price increase announcements are going to be effective April 1. And frankly, the markets are prepared for price increases this year because the cement companies have been signaling all through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of this year their intentions to increase pricing.
Matthew Dodson : Just to clarify, that means you are staying ahead of their price increases, correct?
William J. Sandbrook: Correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Austin Hopper of AWH Capital.
Austin Hopper: I just hope you could maybe comment more specifically on the Dallas, DFW market and just kind of tell us a bit more about that lately.
William J. Sandbrook: Sure, Austin. For those of you that lived in the DFW area or follow it, it's a very robust construction market that's starting to hit on all cylinders with many, many transportation and infrastructure projects on I-35, on I-635, and it seems like there's major projects under way throughout the entire metroplex. That's carrying over into the commercial sector and the multifamily sector, with a lot of building downtown Dallas, downtown Fort Worth and in the suburbs. And the suburbs are getting much healthier as you see a lot of new projects coming online in the residential sector. The Dallas/Fort Worth market has suffered for a number of years but it's getting healthy very quickly.
Operator: We have another follow-up question from Matthew -- we have a question from Jason Bernzweig of Zelman Capital.
Jason Bernzweig: Can you talk about your business in the context of the housing recovery? If I look at one of your most recent investor presentations, it looks like your residential exposure is kind of sub-20%, but if we go back to the 2006 area, it's to 2x to 3x that. Is that the kind of growth trajectory we can expect if we kind of get back to 1.5 million housing starts for your business?
William J. Sandbrook: The -- we aren't specifically focused on residential. And historically, if you look at the company's performance during the peak residential build, between '03, '04, '05, '06, the margins were somewhat depressed because of an overweighting of the residential construction segment in our book of business. So subsequent to that and coming out of the downturn, we've more focused on the commercial/industrial and, recently, some street and highway because of the large amount of projects available in our market areas. Now having said that, as residential comes back, we will use excess capacity in our plants into that segment. But traditionally, it's been a much lower-priced market for us, with limited barriers to entry. And we've chosen to compete outside of that market for higher returns although, as res comes back, you can expect more volume growth for us, which then covers our -- carries over our fixed costs a little more. But I wouldn't say that it's an overwhelming priority for us, although we will benefit from it.
Jason Bernzweig: Okay, I appreciate that. Second question kind of relates to the fragmentation of the industry. Is M&A kind of a strategic priority for you for growth? And if so, when you kind of look at the landscape out there, is there attractive valuations to acquire new assets relative to kind of where you trade in the public market?
William J. Sandbrook: I would say that acquisitions are part of our strategic plan. However, we are focused on our underlying businesses for organic improvement and feel that we still have room to go there. Although we're looking in all our markets for attractive tuck-in, bolt-on acquisitions, and there are opportunities in all of our markets that we are looking at and it will be part of our strategy going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Beresin of Watermill Institutional.
Craig Beresin: My question is, could you remind us on where we are in the exchange offer and what is necessary for it to be successful?
William Matthew Brown: Sure, Craig, it's Matt Brown. With respect to the exchange offer, we -- there's a threshold in the support agreement that we've agreed to with 2 of the large holders that we need 82.5% of the existing holders to tender their notes. So that's the threshold we're dealing with and we have a -- per that support agreement, we have 2 of the major holders, basically, who've agreed to tender their notes. That represents $34.7 million principal amount out of the $55 million total. So doing the math, the remainder is $10.7 million principal amount that we need and, typically, you won't see that come in until the last couple of days of the offer. So that's where we stand at this point. The expiration date is now March 31 and we expect to close on the 22nd.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Matthew Dodson of JWest LLC.
Matthew Dodson : A quick follow-up question for you guys. Can you talk about your EBITDA margins and where they are in the cycle? And if you're successful in the cycle, where those EBITDA margins can go?
William J. Sandbrook: Yes, I'll take that, Matthew. We're still early in the cycle and the EBITDA margins, I believe, were about 4% for the quarter. And that's still less than we would like them to be. We're targeting in the short to intermediate term, to be fairly healthy, I would say 10%. But with the markets we're operating in, I'm expecting it to go north -- opportunity will be to go north of 10% when the recovery is in full steam.
Matthew Dodson : So, can you kind of help us, then? You said the short term 10%. Should we kind of forecast 10% EBITDA margins next quarter as a run rate?
William J. Sandbrook: I mean, I really can't comment on that. Remember these -- were still at the beginning of this cycle. You're seeing our run rate on price increases, you are seeing from the cement companies what they're looking for on their price increases to us. So it's not going to be that quick.
Matthew Dodson : Let me ask you a different way. What revenue target would you need to get to, to get that EBITDA to 10%?
William J. Sandbrook: That's really a hard question to answer. The way I would respond to that, if you look at the historical U.S. Concrete results, you would need to be -- and I'm just speaking historical and things have changed since then, up around the $700 million range historically for this company. Is this cycle going to be similar to the last one? Perhaps, perhaps not. But from a historical perspective, that's where it was.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from John Messenger of Redburn Partners.
John Messenger - Redburn Partners LLP, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions, if I could. The first one was just, Bill, you mentioned there, in terms of spending in the year ahead and a lot will clearly depend on how the market evolves but, relative to CapEx it obviously has moved up a couple of million year over year. Are you looking at spending kind of around the $10 million mark or is it something that will move north of that? And when we think about how, obviously, EBITDA margin moving through to EBIT margin, there's clearly been a benefit as your depreciation has been dropping off by about $3 million year-over-year. When we look at the fourth quarter, the depreciation just moved up somewhat. Is that driven by the acquisitions at the back end of the year or just when we think about your modeling, where you're going to be in terms of that EBITDA? Obviously, it's better to see EBIT rather than EBITDA. But if you could just give us any help on those 2, that'd be great.
William J. Sandbrook: Sure. there has been a reluctance to spend capital as the financial condition of the company deteriorated in '09, '10, '11. So we do have some catch up to go there. We're targeting, as a long-term run rate, about 4% of revenue. So that would help your modeling on that. And on the depreciation in the fourth quarter, it did tick up because of the acquisitions that we had undertaken.
Matthew Dodson : Great. And then just one follow on. You mentioned earlier that, obviously, the backlog is there, price increases from 1st of April. But just thinking around first quarter, given that the cement guys are all claiming that they put through price increases from 1st of January, do you have any issue at all in terms of capturing margin improvement in Q1? Or were you already pricing for that increase coming through from 1st of January?
William J. Sandbrook: Remember, towards the end of last year, and I've mentioned this on previous conference calls, part of our strategy on pricing is not to rely necessarily on a single price announcement or 2 price announcements spaced throughout the year. That really only covers a portion of your total revenue stream or total customer base. Project by project, remember we're a project-driven industry, we have been increasing prices all through last year, including outside of our announced price increases. So you're going to continue to see that we're staying ahead of our raw material input increases. But we will officially -- we have officially announced in some of our markets the January 1 price increase and the other is April 1. But that's not our only means to increase prices.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing another question so I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any further remarks.
William J. Sandbrook: Thank you, Ashley. Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call this morning and for your support of U.S. Concrete. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2013 results with you in May. Thanks again for your support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Danny R. Shepherd - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel F. Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stuart J. Benway - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Welcome to the 2012 Vulcan Materials Company Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Hilda, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO. Mr. James, you may begin.
Donald M. James: Good morning. And thank you for joining us to discuss our results for the third quarter of 2012. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. We have posted a short slide presentation to our website that we will reference during the call. These slides are also available to those of you on the webcast. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call, as indicated on Slide 2 of our presentation, contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risk and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's third quarter 2012 earnings release and in the Investor Relations section of Vulcan's website. Turning now to Slide 3. I want to begin by briefly discussing a few highlights from the quarter. We continued to deliver earnings improvement during the quarter, with an adjusted EBITDA of $146 million, an increase of 9% over the third quarter of last year. We achieved these results despite a demand environment that remains highly challenging, as reflected in the weak volume we saw in the quarter. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $0.14 per diluted share, a 27% (sic) [$0.27] per share improvement from a loss of $0.13 per diluted share in last year's third quarter. The earnings impact of lower Aggregate volumes was about $18 million of EBITDA or $0.10 per diluted share. We also generated higher Aggregates profitability. Aggregates unit profitability as measured by cash gross profit per ton was a third quarter record and the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvement. Aggregates segment gross profit margin increased 340 basis points due to a 4% increase in Aggregates pricing and the benefits of our continued cost-reductions efforts. Cost reduction is an ongoing focus of our management team and all of our employees. In addition to lower unit cost of sales in our Aggregates business, we also realized our fourth consecutive quarterly decline in year-over-year SAG expenses. As we look ahead, we are encouraged by the leading indicators for private sector construction. In addition, we're looking forward to more predictable funding provided by the new federal highway bill and the benefits from a greatly expanded TIFIA program within that bill. Moving now to Slide 4. We are very pleased with the margin expansion we realized in the third quarter and year-to-date, particularly given the lack of top line growth. Our margin expansion will further enhance earnings leverage as volumes recover. Employees throughout the company remain keenly focused on managing controllable costs. Thanks to their continued efforts, earnings leverage in our Aggregates business continues to grow as evidenced by the consistent increases in gross profit margins and adjusted EBITDA. We also benefited from stronger pricing in both the third quarter and the year-to-date periods. Through the 9 months ended September 30 of this year, adjusted EBITDA, which excludes $18 million in real estate gains, was $321 million, up $64 million or 25%. Again, this was despite a 1% decline in Aggregate volumes. SAG expenses for the third quarter were $65 million, down from $67 million for the third quarter last year. Excluding the effects of certain accounting charges tied primarily to employee benefit plans and resulting from the increase in the company's stock price, SAG expenses were reduced $10 million from the prior year's third quarter. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Danny Shepherd who will walk you through our segment results for the quarter, Danny?
Danny R. Shepherd: Thanks, Don. Turning to our segment results on Slide 5. As Don said earlier, Aggregate segment revenue remained sluggish as a result of weaker volumes. On a same-store basis, Aggregates declined 6%. But we are pleased in spite of the sluggishness in public construction, Aggregates' gross profit increased $12 million from the prior year's third quarter. Aggregates' cash gross profit per ton was $4.75, a 10% improvement over the prior year. As Don mentioned, and I would like to further emphasize, the $4.75 per ton Aggregates cash gross profit is a record level of unit profitability for the third quarter. Also, gross profit margins expanded, as he said, by 340 basis points over prior year third quarter. Pricing, which was good news, and specifically a 4% improvement in pricing contributed significantly to higher segment earnings and profitability. In addition, our operations teams lowered unit cost of sales for the quarter by 1%. Turning to Slide 6. Here, you'll see our bridge for the Aggregates segment, and it shows the benefit of higher pricing and effective cost control, which more than offset the earnings effect of lower volumes. Now it's important to note that despite overall sluggish volumes in the quarter, we were encouraged by strong Aggregates shipments in several key states, including Arizona, Florida and Texas. Total volumes from these 3 states increased 12%, due primarily to growing demand from private construction. Now if you look at the green bars on the slide, they illustrate the earnings contribution of higher pricing and lower cost. Year-over-year price improvement was achieved in most of the company's markets, including key markets in Florida, Texas and in the states -- and in Southeast states, the mid-Atlantic and the Midwest. The improvement in operating cost is a result of our intense focus on cost control and productivity. In the quarter, our unit cost of sales decreased 1% on lower production volumes. And when we look at our operating metrics, like we do, it shows that we continue to improve. Turning to Slide 7. You'll see from this chart that we remain encouraged by the momentum that we've seen over the last year. Aggregates unit profitability continues to improve. And for the 12 -- for the trailing 12 months ending September 30, 2012, our cash gross profit per ton was $4.28, and that is 8% higher than the prior year and 30% higher than the peak year in volumes, which was 2005. If you turn to Slide 8 now. Third quarter earnings from the company's non-Aggregate segments were in line with prior year. Earnings improvement in Cement and Concrete offset a slight decrease in Asphalt mix gross profit. On Slide 8, you can see evidence that continued recovery in private construction activity led to solid increases in ready-mix Concrete and Cement volume, as well as year-over-year growth in pricing for both segments. Concrete gross profit for the third quarter improved slightly from the prior year period. Year-to-date, Concrete gross profit was a loss of $30 million, a $2 million improvement over the prior year. Private construction led by housing is recovering sharply in Florida. There, ready-mix Concrete volumes are up more than 20% and Concrete block, albeit a smaller part of the Concrete segment, are up almost 30% through the first 9 months of 2012. Cement segment gross profit approximated a breakeven position in the third quarter, a modest improvement from the prior year. Through the first 9 months of 2012, Cement gross profit has improved $4 million from the prior year. Finally, in our Asphalt segment, gross profit in the third quarter was $11 million, which is a decrease of $1 million from the year ago period. The unit cost for liquid asphalt increased 3%, thus reducing Asphalt segment earnings by $1 million. Consistent with the public-sector demand, Asphalt sales volumes in California, the company's largest asphalt market, were down versus the prior year, which more than offset volume increases in Texas and Arizona. Year-to-date Asphalt mix segment gross profit was $15 million compared with $20 million in 2011. In total, gross profit for our non-Aggregates segment has improved 9% over 2011 year-to-date. Overall, we believe the non-Aggregates earnings performance has stabilized and should benefit from increased private construction activity. We remain focused on maximizing the Aggregates shipments that are pulled through our downstream businesses, and we're focused on improving our profit and cash flow performance of these very valuable assets. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the program back over to Don.
Donald M. James: Thank you, Danny. If you'll turn now to Slide 9, I want to focus for a moment on publicly funded construction, more specifically highway construction. This slide depicts the historical relationship of the timing of contract awards to the passage of new federal highway bills. You will notice that historically, increases in contract awards for highway projects have followed the passage of new federal highway bills. This trend should continue with the July 2012 passage of the new federal highway bill MAP-21, which will provide stability and predictability to highway funding for the next several years. Evidence of this relationship between growth in new construction activity and the passage of a new federal highway bill can be seen in dollars obligated for qualified federal projects. In the last 2 months of fiscal year 2012, that is, in August and September of this year, 42% of the full year $38 billion budget was obligated. This share of full year funding was disportionately larger than normal, which means the prior 10 months were disproportionately smaller, and is indicative of the state DOT's positive response to the final passage of a new highway bill in July. In the third quarter, the passage of the new highway bill had no material impact on shipments, which reflected softness in highway construction from the weak contract awards during the past 20 months as reflected on Slide 9, and the winding down of stimulus-related construction. Moving now to Slide 10. This map highlights one of the important features contained in the new federal highway bill. The large increase in Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act or TIFIA funding contained in the new highway bill should also positively impact demand in the future, particularly for several key Vulcan-served states. The current backlog of potential projects requesting TIFIA funding is substantial. Currently, letters of interest for 54 transportation projects have been submitted for more than $65 billion in total project cost. More than $42 billion of the projects are in Vulcan-served counties, with almost 80% in Vulcan-served counties in 3 states: California, Texas and Virginia. The uncertain timing of shipments to larger projects, including these TIFIA- funded projects, continues to make forecasting quarterly volume growth difficult. Turning now to Slide 11. Looking at the other portion of public construction activity, you can see that other public infrastructure contract awards are improving. On this slide, we have overlaid year-over-year change in contract awards for new construction, with construction activity completed as measured by the Census Bureau's construction put in place monthly survey. As you can see, there is a lag effect between the leading indicator, that is contract award, and the actual construction. We are optimistic that the growth in recent awards will continue and actual construction growth will follow. We'll move now to Slide 12. As we mentioned before, private construction activity, specifically, residential housing starts and contract awards for nonresidential buildings, continued to improve during the quarter, offsetting some residual softness in highway construction resulting from the prolonged delay in the renewal of the federal highway bill. On Slide 12, we see a very nice fit between housing starts and the actual construction activity, with a predictable lag between the start and completion of construction. We believe this growth trend will continue. The same can be said for private nonresidential construction shown on Slide 13. Here, you see a slightly longer lag than in residential, but again, evidence of growth in new contract awards followed by growth in actual construction activity. Consequently, Aggregates demand in the private construction is beginning to grow. We are seeing evidence of this [indiscernible] in several of our key states, including Florida, Texas and Arizona. We are in the midst of our planning for 2013. But preliminarily, we believe the indicators shown on the last 5 slides point toward solid growth in Aggregates demand in 2013. We expect private construction demand to grow again in 2013 as housing starts and contract awards for private nonresidential buildings continue to improve. Additionally, we expect the stability and predictability that will come from the new federal highway bill, coupled with the potential for large TIFIA-related transportation projects to begin in several of our key states some times next year, could lead to modest growth in demand for highway construction. We will provide you with additional details in February when we report our fourth quarter results and our outlook for 2013. Turning now to our outlook for the remainder of 2012 on Slide 14. We now expect same-store shipments in 2012 to approximate the 2011 level, and total Aggregate shipments to decline approximately 1%. As a result of our successful efforts to offset the earnings effect of lower volume, we will continue to reduce controllable cost and achieve improved pricing. The geographic breadth of pricing gains achieved in the third quarter reinforces our expectations for full year freight adjusted price growth of 1% to 3% in 2012. This price growth reflects the continued recovery in private construction activity and the newly enacted federal highway legislation. We remain laser focused on improving our profitability at today's volume, while enhancing our already strong operating leverage. Full year earnings improvements in the company's Cement and Concrete segments are expected to offset lower Asphalt mix segment earnings. As a result, collectively, full year non-Aggregates earnings are expected to approximate last year. Cost-reduction initiatives continue to improve Vulcan's run rate profitability. These initiatives are reducing our overhead cost and support our expectations for full year SAG cost to be approximately $260 million compared to $290 million in 2011. We continue to focus on executing our initiatives, enabling us to generate higher levels of earnings and cash flow, further improve our operating leverage, reduce overhead cost and strengthen our credit profile. We now expect 2012 adjusted EBITDA of $435 million to $455 million, an improvement of 23% to 29% from the prior year and a significant accomplishment in the current economic environment. This adjusted EBITDA guidance reflects principally the earnings effect of lower volumes in Aggregates and Asphalt, and the timing of realization of our cost-reduction initiatives. Approximately $20 million of the decrease from our prior guidance is a result of the earnings effect of lower Aggregates volume, and approximately $20 million is from lower earnings in Asphalt and Concrete. The remaining $15 million relates to delay in the realization of some cost savings component of our Profit Enhancement Plan. We expect to exceed our $25 million target for our Profit Enhancement Plan in 2012, and we remain on track to achieve the target run rate savings in 2013. Our efforts to accelerate more of the 2013 savings into 2012 have proven more challenging than we thought earlier in the year, in part because of weaker volumes. This EBITDA guidance excludes results related to the Planned Asset Sales and cost associated with the unsolicited offer terminated earlier this year. This guidance does include $29 million in gains, of which $18 million has been realized through the first 9 months of 2012. These gains are incremental to the $4 million of routine gains completed during the normal course of business. The company continues to work on additional asset sales in the fourth quarter that are expected to result in $100 million to $150 million of cash proceeds, and incremental gains of $25 million to $45 million. However, the ultimate timing of these transactions is difficult to predict, and thus, we have excluded them from our current guidance. In terms of cash as of September 30, cash and cash equivalents total $243 million. Debt maturities in the fourth quarter of 2012 total $135 million, which we expect to pay off out of available cash. Capital spending is expected to be approximately $100 million for 2012. In summary, turning now to Slide 15, we are pleased to see continued earnings improvement. This quarter marked the fourth consecutive quarter of higher year-over-year profitability. Overall, year-to-date controllable costs have decreased approximately $70 million. Through the first 9 months of 2012, adjusted EBITDA is up sharply from the prior year and earnings per diluted share has improved. Finally, we remain cautiously optimistic that construction-related fundamentals will continue to improve. Trailing 12-month contract awards for private construction continue to grow. And if history repeats itself, contract awards for highways should again begin to recover with the new federal highway bill in place. Demand for our products is driven by economic cycles and public infrastructure funding, which are largely beyond our control. We do have control over our cost and pricing initiatives that will enable us to generate higher levels of earnings and cash flow, further improving our operating leverage, reducing our overhead cost and strengthening our credit profile. With that, I'll now turn the phone over to the operator to begin your questions. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan, and we look forward to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have Bob Wetenhall from RBC on line with a question.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was just hoping to get a little bit of clarification on the guidance. It sounds like your new range of $435 million to $455 million, that is down from $500 million which was the prior guidance, but it's up year-over-year from the $354 million number last year. Is that correct?
Donald M. James: That is correct.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Could you fill us in, in terms of asset sales between normally occurring and nonrecurring? What's included in that number and what's excluded?
Donald M. James: Bob, there was $29 million of gains that were in our $500 million guidance, which remain in our current guidance. Any other asset sales under our planned asset program are not included in our current guidance and were not included in our prior guidance, and that's the -- those are the items we talked about that could generate $100 million to $150 million of cash. Year-to-date, of the $29 million in our guidance in gains, we have already realized $18 million, and we expect to realize the remaining $11 million in the fourth quarter.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Understood. That's helpful. Could you touch on -- your sales in the Aggregates business were unfavorably impacted by volume, sales were off $24 million, but I saw that gross profit rose by $12 million. Can you just talk about the sustainability of incremental margins at that level? And kind of what's driving that? Because I assume it's pretty difficult to get better gross margins off much weaker volume, and I'm just trying to understand how that's working.
Donald M. James: Well, it is a combination of a lot of factors. As Danny Shepherd pointed out, our unit cost for Aggregates was down 1% in the quarter through a lot of work at the plants. Our pricing was up 4% and those are powerful numbers. We are, I think, extraordinarily well-positioned to benefit from a little bit of volume recovery. And we are, as a management team, and I think our entire employee group, is really encouraged by the fact that we are generating record levels of unit profitability at lower volume, both lower sales volumes and lower production volumes. And when volume comes back, we get a compounding effect from higher production volumes and the opportunities that come with slightly higher volumes in our market. So we're really encouraged where we are, both from the standpoint of the things that we can control, which is price and cost. And equally important, as we look at the future given the contract awards in the private sector, both housing and non-res, as well as the real opportunities from the new highway bill, in particular, the big TIFIA projects that are about to kick off in 2013, we're very encouraged by our opportunities for next year.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And if I could just sneak a last question in. Could you touch on how you think... [Audio Gap] in the Concrete business?
Donald M. James: Yes. As I think as Danny Shepherd pointed out, year-to-date, housing starts in Florida, for example, are up 38%. Our ready-mix shipments in Florida year-to-date are up 21%, in the last quarter, they were up 33%. So housing starts are a huge driver for Concrete demand, and obviously, every -- virtually every yard of concrete we pour has got Vulcan Aggregates in it and then Florida has Vulcan Cement in it, so that really has a significant effect not only on the Concrete business, but also the Aggregates and Cement business.
Operator: Trey Grooms from Stephens Incorporated is on line with a question.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Given your kind of high-level outlook, I guess, for 2013, it sounds like you're expecting improvement, I guess, pretty much across the board but especially in highways. Given that, should we be expecting any type of geographic or product mix impact on pricing as we kind of look on to the next year or so?
Donald M. James: Trey, it's too early for us to try to give you guidance on that. I think we expect private sector construction to grow on a percentage basis, probably significantly more in 2013 than public-sector construction. Although, we do think there is an opportunity for growth in the public sector, and the big wildcard is how quickly some of these big TIFIA projects kick off. The Interstate 95 HOT Lane project, which is a $927 million project up in Northern Virginia, is scheduled to begin in '13. The Grand Parkway in Houston, which is a $1.1 billion project, is scheduled to begin in '13. And I think the Route 460 in the Hampton Roads to Richmond TIFIA project, which is over $1.7 billion. And there is a big project in Dallas-Fort Worth, about $1.6 billion, the Southwest Parkway/Chisholm Trail. Those are 4 big TIFIA projects that are -- have the potential to start in 2013. And if they do, that could certainly impact or would significantly impact demand. But it's just really too early for us to know whether and how much of those big projects will likely to occur in '13, but the basic highway program is in place. And as I pointed out, 42% of the money for 2012 in the regular highway program was not obligated until -- by the states, until after the MAP-21 passed in July. So the effect of that is that, that made the current year weak and is pushing a disproportional amount of the 2012 highway budget into 2013. We'll have better data on all of that when we talk to you again in February. But directionally, I think we are encouraged that all end markets are likely to be up or all of our major end markets are likely to be up in 2013 over 2012.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. I guess, I may have missed this in your prepared comments, but what were California volumes in the quarter?
Donald M. James: California volumes in the quarter were down slightly. Let me check that.
Daniel F. Sansone: Down about 6% or 7%.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: 6% to 7%?
Daniel F. Sansone: Yes.
Donald M. James: Yes.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then lastly, is there any update you can give us on the progress of any potential asset sales or anything like that from some of the stuff you outlined a few quarters ago?
Donald M. James: No. We're still working hard. We have pretty strict criteria about what we would sell and under what circumstances. But as I pointed out, it is about $100 million to $150 million of transactions that are in the process of being, I'll say, papered I guess. So we're working on those. Whether some or all of those hit in the fourth quarter or close in the fourth quarter is not certain at this point, but they are all in the process.
Operator: Garik Shmois from Longbow Research is on line with a question.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Don, you have outlined a number of large TIFIA projects in your markets. I was wondering if you could help us maybe understand a little bit the lag between when these projects would start and when you would actually start to see Aggregates shipments into these projects, just so as we start following these projects a little bit more closely, we might be able to time your volumes associated with them?
Donald M. James: Well, I wish we could project them better ourselves. We have gotten a lot of information from the TIFIA office that -- the metrics I gave you earlier all come from the TIFIA office. The particular projects that I mentioned are already approved by the Federal DOT and are likely to begin or certainly have a probability or possibility of beginning sometime in 2013. And that is the I-95 HOT Lanes in Northern Virginia, Grand Parkway in Houston, the Southwest Parkway/Chisholm Trail in Dallas-Fort Worth and the Route 460 from Hampton Roads to Richmond. Those are, I guess, in total probably $6 billion in TIFIA work. But the bigger chunk are in the letters that have been submitted to the TIFIA office and the Federal DOT for approval. And as I pointed out, the big majority of those are in Virginia, California and Texas. And as those projects get approved and as the contracting authority then starts awarding projects, we will have a lot better sense of what that would mean for the magnitude and the timing of increased shipments. But I think the real point about TIFIA is, while the regular federal highway bill is at $40 billion plus or minus a year, according to the DOT, in the next 2-year period, there could be another $40 billion over that 2-year period of incremental awards under the TIFIA program. So when we say we have optimism about growth in awards, it's based on, number one, the stability in the regular Federal Highway Program now that we have one, plus the big increase in TIFIA. The wildcard at this point is the timing of those shipments and the quantity of those shipments, and we'll continue to update you on that as we have better information.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: And I guess just switching to margins. Certainly, another good quarter of cost control. Just wondering how much of your $100 million profit enhancement program has been realized year-to-date, and perhaps if you could provide some granularity as how much was incremental in the third quarter?
Donald M. James: Well, as I've said in my prepared remarks, our target for 2012 was $25 million. We will get more than that. I don't have an amount that we would call out in the third quarter. But some of the metrics that would -- that you can look at is our SAG, we expect to be down $30 million in the year. Some of that is under our Profit Enhancement Plan. Some of it is from the work we had done earlier in our restructuring. Our controllable costs are down $70 million year-to-date, a significant portion of that is coming from Profit Enhancement Plan. The reason things are murky, Garik, is that we have a lot of cost initiatives going on throughout the organization. Some of it is an outline of the Profit Enhancement Plan, which we gave you earlier, which is all still in place, but there's a lot of additional stuff going on. And whether we count it as a Profit Enhancement Plan or other cost reduction is largely irrelevant to us. We just like the cost reduction. And so I think the combination of the 2 so far is about a $70 million year-to-date reduction in our controllable cost.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then just my last question is on Asphalt demand. If I remember correctly coming out of the second quarter, you had anticipated year-over-year growth in Asphalt earnings, you anticipated some large project starts in the second half of the year supporting that, and now it doesn't sound like those projects are going to be starting in the back half of the year. Just wondering if you could speak to that, if I remember that correctly, maybe provide an update on to when you would anticipate some of these big projects would get under way.
Donald M. James: Let me refer that to Danny Shepherd.
Danny R. Shepherd: Yes, Garik. First of all, as I pointed out, we had a good quarter in Texas and Arizona. We are challenged in California, and more specifically, Southern California, and we're moving to address that market properly. In Southern California, there was some work that was not let that was anticipated. And as you know, we are an asphalt producer/supplier, and we have customer alignments in Southern California, and some of our customers missed work in the quarter. So we are really focused on Southern California because we found that, that's our weakest asphalt market, and hopefully, we will see improvement as we travel through 2013.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I guess just real quickly to follow up, would you anticipate some of these projects that weren't let would be let in 2013 or are these projects...
Danny R. Shepherd: Yes, we do. Sorry, I didn't answer that part of your question.
Operator: Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research is on line with a question.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: For the quarter, could you give some clarity of how much did pricing benefit from mix versus natural price increases, and maybe talk -- you touched on a little bit earlier, but maybe digging a little bit more into that dynamic with mix, particularly if we get into larger infrastructure projects that would be more base rock heavy.
Donald M. James: Yes. Kathryn, of our 4% price growth, about 3 percentage points of the 4% are real price growth spread over the vast majority of our markets. That's very encouraging. About 1% could be accounted for as mix shift, more of that in geographic mix, a little bit in product mix, with some asphalt, high price, high specification asphalt material. But our shipments in the Midwest were relatively lower than in the Sun Belt, and we have relatively better pricing in the Sun Belt than we do in the Midwest. And so about 3% is just across the board price improvement, about 1% is a positive mix shift. And you asked about will -- the TIFIA projects, in some cases, like in Northern Virginia with the HOT Lanes or lane additions, those are beautiful for us in the sense that the aggregate intensity per dollar of spending is about as good as it gets because, as you point out, there's base then there's the lift of either concrete or asphalt to get to the surface, the surface mixes. So they're -- but the TIFIA projects and the Grand Parkway in Houston is, I think, virtually all new construction, and that would consume base, the highway 460 in Virginia is virtually all new construction, and that would consume a full range of Aggregate products. So I think, whether that will change our pricing mix is way too early for us to tell. But you're correct that this new construction will consume base, as well as clean stone, which certainly will help with our production and production cost.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Yes. So even if pricing was slightly lower, the volume would trump that anyway?
Donald M. James: Oh, absolutely.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Could you talk a little bit more detail about the new resi construction activity that you see. You've talked a little bit about Florida, but also in Texas and Arizona. What scale projects are you seeing implemented? Obviously, there's been a lot of talk about new construction in all of those markets, but if you could give a sense of what types of projects and how they compared relative to the peak of the market and what you think, what is a normal market?
Donald M. James: Well, we are -- I'll go to the first, and I'll give some examples. Housing starts year-to-date are up 66% in Arizona. They're up 23% in California. They're up 38% in Florida. They're up 36% in North Carolina, 29% in Tennessee, 28% in Texas. In Vulcan-served counties overall, they're up 26%. That being said, they're coming from a relatively low base. So the good news is, they're up. We look at housing numbers like everyone else. I guess right now, we're in the 850,000 range, annual seasonally adjusted range. Most people are saying that will be 900,000 to maybe over 1 million. And we believe, based on what we see and hear from economists and housing experts is that the normalized run rate should be something like 1.5 million, 1.4 million to 1.5 million. And given the pent-up demand and the number of household formations, I believe there's an article in Wall Street Journal yesterday about that. We've been 5 years with collapsed housing starts, and at some point, the demographics in the U.S. are going to drive that sharply upward. And I think we're beginning to see the front end of that change. That helps our Aggregates business, but it really helps our Concrete business in Florida, California, and Texas and Northern Virginia. And I didn't mention Virginia, but Virginia, Northern Virginia, in particular, housing came back much earlier than in the rest of these states. So it's been improving now for 18 months or so.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay, great. Any plans on paying off the $140 million note due in 2013, what are your plans?
Donald M. James: We're going to pay it off out of available cash. We're not refinancing either the bonds that come due end of this year or the ones in June of next year.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Any ballpark...
Donald M. James: We'll have sufficient cash flow to do that. Dan, do you have a comment?
Daniel F. Sansone: Yes. We have over $200 million on the balance sheet at the end of September. At the end of this year, we estimate that our cash will be in the neighborhood of $100 million, and that's after paying off the December maturities. So we expect to pay the June maturity next year off out of available cash and free cash flow and not term that out, just have a net reduction in debt.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: And just to clarify, what will be the interest expense savings from this?
Daniel F. Sansone: That will be approximately $14 million in total interest expense should be the reduction in interest from 2012 to 2013. Of that $14 million reduction in interest expense, $12 million will be cash, $2 million is noncash.
Operator: We have Jack Kasprzak from BB&T Capital Markets on line with a question.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: With regard to the cost reduction, profit improvement program, what can you say about, or update us rather on what we can expect in 2013? I don't think you've changed the overall goal of the program. What's left or what will be realized in 2013? And I would expect SG&A could be down again in absolute dollars, is that -- would that be a reasonable assumption?
Donald M. James: Yes. And our target, as you know, is $100 million, and have in place by mid-year '13, $75 million, and by the end of '13, I think the full $100 million on a run rate, on a run-rate basis. There's a substantial procurement piece of that, and the procurement dollars savings are tied to production volume. And so if we are getting cost savings on various items in procurement, that is affected significantly by volume. So as volumes recover, we can expect that the procurement piece of the Profit Enhancement Plan to materialize in relation to volume recovery, at least in part. Not all of the procurement savings are tied to plant production, but a significant portion are. The overhead piece is largely in place, and we'll continue to get the benefit of that, and the transportation and logistics piece is being rolled out. So we're, I think, optimistic that we will achieve our targets as we have laid them out earlier this year.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. Maybe this is a question for Dan. What would, could you just update us on what you think maybe a normalized tax rate is, for modeling purposes? Obviously, in recent quarters, it's been a bit all over the map.
Daniel F. Sansone: Yes. And unfortunately, the quarterly numbers will continue to fluctuate. Here is the way I would try to model it going forward, Jack. Build your model, get down to a pretax earnings number, earnings or loss, begin with about a 38% to 39% tax or credit, and then about $20 million of tax benefit referable to statutory depletion. So the net of those 2 numbers, marginal tax at 39% less roughly a $20 million statutory depletion benefit is going to get you pretty darn close.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Depletion's rated on volume?
Daniel F. Sansone: Pardon me?
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: The amount of depletion by quarter is a function of volume?
Daniel F. Sansone: Well, the amount of depletion annually is a function of volume. It's actually a function of revenues, but it's driven by volume. The quarterly recognition of that is a function of a set of fairly complex tax accounting rules, sometimes it's pro rata, sometimes it's not, depending on whether you're in an income or loss position. So I would -- it's tougher to give you guidance on how to build the quarterly number. I would just start with the annual number and keep tracking towards that.
Operator: Adam Rudiger from Wells Fargo is on line with a question.
Adam Rudiger - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about your CapEx guidance for 2012, I think you said $100 million, and you only spent about $50 million year-to-date, so what's driving the big uptick in the fourth quarter?
Donald M. James: Adam, we, as we've said before, our CapEx requirements are really a function of volume, of materials. So we are still looking at that, but we do have -- we've got about an $18 million acquisition of reserves at an existing quarry that will close in the fourth quarter, and that will push our CapEx number up. But that will add a lot of reserves to a very good quarry, and that will bring us back closer to the $100 million that we're projecting.
Daniel F. Sansone: And the remaining difference, to get up towards the $100 million is really just a series of relatively small projects, a piece of mobile equipment there or here, or a small piece there, it's just -- there's no single project that jumps out, Adam.
Operator: Keith Hughes from SunTrust is on line with a question.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: You had referred in the prepared comments I believe to $15 million of cost savings that was going to be deferred into 2013, what would that bring the total cost savings look right now in 2013? Number one. And what kind of projects do you have left to do next year?
Donald M. James: I'm having a really hard time hearing your question. I'm sorry, could you repeat it?
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, let me try again.
Donald M. James: Okay, that's much better.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: You had referred to $15 million of cost saves that have been pushed into 2013. What -- if that's realized, what would that bring the cost save look in 2013 to in aggregate, I guess number one. And number 2, what kind of projects and what kind of things are you going to be doing next year to realize those numbers?
Donald M. James: Okay. I think we have to start back to what our targets have been. Coming into this year, we were projecting $55 million in savings from a combination of restructuring and other overhead reductions that we had put in place in 2011 and the first part of 2012. Incremental to that was our Profit Enhancement Plan which was $100 million. So a total of $155 million. And we want to have -- our target is to have all of that in place on a run-rate basis by the end of 2013. Now you're trying to put a number in your model, I guess, for 2013.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's correct.
Donald M. James: Through the third quarter, our controllable cost, which is a combination of all of these things, are down about $70 million. So the remainder of that $155 million, we will have in place on a run-rate basis by the end of '13. How much of that will be actually realized and taken to the bottom line in 2013, we'll give you better guidance on that in February after we've gone through our -- completed our planning and budgeting process.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: But the $70 million you referred to is not bottom line, that a run rate number?
Donald M. James: That's bottom line.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's bottom line?
Donald M. James: That's bottom line.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So but the project, whatever it falls to in the near term in terms of cash or the bottom line, the project will be done at the end of 2013, is that still the plan?
Donald M. James: Yes. And I would say this as a caveat. The officially announced Profit Enhancement Plan will be completed on a run-rate basis by '13. It is remarkable to me the opportunities our guys in the plants and in the regions are finding, and I think we will continue to find opportunities for cost savings above and beyond those targets, particularly when we start seeing some volume recovery, which can pull, for example, more of the enhanced procurement savings through the bottom line with additional volume. So we're focused on the $155 million, but I think there are additional opportunities if what we see as volume growth in 2013 materializes.
Operator: Todd Vencil from Sterne Agee is on line with a question.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Don, you have talked about the growth that you're seeing in nonresidential private construction, can you sort of unpeel that a little bit and talk about where and which of the subtypes of non-res you're seeing activity in versus which ones maybe not so much?
Donald M. James: Yes. And I guess I'll refer you back to Slide 11 and Slide 13. Slide 11 is other public infrastructure. That's water, sewer, airports. And you see a bump up in contract awards from the stimulus, then once the stimulus contract awards were done, huge drop, and now you see beginning in sort of April of this year, contract awards turning positive again, on a trailing 12-month basis. So we're seeing that trend. And then if you flip back over to Slide 13, and I don't know whether you're able to do that or not online. But in terms of private non-res buildings, you see a very distinct pattern, where beginning about in first or second quarter of 2011, we started seeing contract awards improving, turning positive on a trailing 12-month basis, and that has continued through the most recent months. Now there is -- and you can also see from that slide, there's probably a 12-month lag between contract awards and actual construction, but there's a very clear pattern. So Todd, I think it's in the private non-res buildings category, and then the publicly funded infrastructure categories where we're seeing contract awards that are positive now for 10 or 12 or 15 months in a row on a trailing 12-month basis, and they will begin to pull material through as those projects get under construction.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it, perfect. And with regard to price, I think you said in the release that prices were up in most every market, is there any place that, that is -- that, that's more difficult or where you're not seeing price go through?
Donald M. James: Within a relatively narrow range, pricing has been stable to improving. The markets where our pricing was not up in the quarter, it's only down like 1% or so. So it's -- pricing is stable, and we're getting good opportunity, as I said, they're up in almost every market, a couple of markets where they're down, they're only down 1%.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And on those markets where they're down 1%, just to be clear, is that a same product, same store shift or is there a mix impact on that? I guess I'm just wondering if real price is dropping anywhere still.
Donald M. James: I would not suggest that real price is dropping anywhere. There are anecdotal spots, but a lot of that's mix shift. I think more than any quarter so far this year, we've got real price improvement showing up across the board.
Operator: Mike Betts from Jefferies is on line with a question.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions related to the downstream business, and I guess, maybe I'll ask the first one because the second one depends on the answer to the first one. You talked already, Don, that the ready-mix and I guess the Asphalt has a lot of your own Aggregates in. In the way you report gross profit, does the profit on those Aggregates appear in the Aggregates division or does it appear in the Asphalt and ready-mix divisions depending on where they are, that's my first question.
Donald M. James: It appears in the Aggregates segment. We attempt to price the Aggregates that are consumed in our Asphalt and Concrete business at market prices for the market in which the Concrete and Asphalt businesses operate, and the profit on the Aggregate is in the Aggregate segment. And with respect to Cement, we try to do the same thing. We try to price the cement to our ready-mix plants at market for Cement and the margin on the Cement is reported in the Cement segment. We also are very sensitive to the lack of profitability in our ready-mix business and are working hard to improve that. But reality is, we also have to look at that on what that business, every yard of concrete that goes out, how much margin is embedded in that, in our Aggregates segment and our Cement segment.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that's what I thought was the case. And I guess the follow-up question then is, I'm surprised that the disparity between Asphalt and ready-mix, not so much in where the ready-mix is, but where the Asphalt is, because presumably really most basically, the majority of that is heating the raw materials and adding the bitumen, yet you're still making pretty good margin on that. Or am I missing something there? Because, I mean, it's a huge disparity between those 2.
Donald M. James: The Asphalt business is a good business if -- the variability in earnings is largely a function of the cost of liquid asphalt versus the time we can get that higher cost built into our pricing. And we get higher Asphalt margins typically in periods in which liquid asphalt is ebbing down, and then the reverse is true when liquid asphalt prices are moving up. I think in this quarter, liquid asphalt prices were up about 2.5% or 2.6%, something in that range, which squeezed our margins a little bit. The real issue in Asphalt though is volume. And with, hopefully, improving demand in highway construction, both regular highway construction and TIFIA construction, in the states where we have asphalt, which are California and Texas primarily, but also in Arizona, that we'll benefit from higher highway construction.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That leads nicely to my final question, Don. Just in relation to those 2 businesses, to help with modeling, because I always seem to be wrong on them. Roughly what proportion of the costs in the Asphalt business and what proportion of the costs in the ready-mix business are fixed costs when we're trying to model the impact of additional volume will be? How much is fixed and how much is variable on the cost side?
Donald M. James: I'm going to refer that question to Mr. Sansone who is working vigorously to calculate.
Daniel F. Sansone: Mike, on the Asphalt business -- I'm sorry, on the ready-mix business first, I would say that the traditional fixed costs would represent something in the neighborhood of 10% of average selling price for the product. It's not a fixed cost intensive business. It might be a few percentage points higher than that, but not a lot. It's basically depreciation and some supervisory cost. In the case of the Asphalt business, a fairly similar although even less fixed cost in that business, probably in the neighborhood of between 5% and 10% of average selling price. So again, they are not -- they're going to really -- what's going to drive earnings in both of those business is what we refer to as material margin, which is the difference between the average selling price and the cost of the raw materials, meaning aggregates and liquid asphalt and/or cement. [indiscernible] fixed costs in those businesses.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And the point about higher volumes means you've got a better chance of increasing that materials margin, I guess, that's the key point.
Daniel F. Sansone: That's right. Absolutely.
Operator: Stuart Benway from S&P Capital IQ is on line with a question.
Stuart J. Benway - S&P Equity Research: Could you just give us a breakdown of how much of your business volume, I guess, really is in residential versus nonresidential versus industrial versus municipal?
Donald M. James: Our projection for this year is that highways would account for 30% or 31% of our aggregate volume. Infrastructure would be about 18% or 19%. Residential, about 17% or 18%. Non-res, about 29%. And nonconstruction, which would be environmental and agricultural, would be about 4%. And the residential historically has been 20% to 25%. And those are not materially different numbers than 2011. So in this current demand environment, that's about the breakout. That will shift as housing and private non-res begin to recover, particularly housing.
Stuart J. Benway - S&P Equity Research: And how about energy, is that in the nonconstruction or non-res?
Donald M. James: Energy is in probably infrastructure.
Daniel F. Sansone: Yes. So if you were building a power plant, it would be in the infrastructure, other infrastructure category that we highlighted in the slides.
Stuart J. Benway - S&P Equity Research: Okay. Then just -- I mean, the volume was down in the third quarter, and you say it was because of weakness in public construction activity, so is that pretty much from the winding down of the stimulus program, do you think?
Donald M. James: Well, it's from 2 reasons. One is, the winding down of stimulus projects, and there are still some stimulus projects, we're still shipping to some stimulus projects. But by and large, the volume going to those projects is tailing off. The other impact is that until July of this year, we did not have a federal highway bill. And even though there was roughly $40 billion in the pipeline for fiscal year 2012, which ended September 30, the states were very cautious about spending money on highway projects and awarding new contracts. So I said in my remarks that 42% of the 2012 federal highway money was not even obligated until the last 2 months of the year, which were August and September, which means that only 58% of the 2012 highway budget was even obligated. Obligation is a step before contract award. And if you look on the slide we had on contract award, you see a very prolonged period of declining trailing 12-month highway contract award certainly beginning to -- the rate of decline beginning to reduce, but it's not yet turned positive. The last positive trailing 12-month period was probably February of 2011. So we've now been, whatever that is, 18 months or so with declining contract awards. And I think the point is, given the passage of the highway bill in July, given the obligation of 42% of the 2012 highway budget in the last 2 months of -- that is in August and September, and given the fact that we have a new highway bill and a big TIFIA potential, we think we'll see recovery in highways. But it's been -- the highway sector, and to some extent, the public infrastructure sector that has been weaker in the current period than we think either the past or the future will indicate. Now there's one other little piece in nonconstruction, and that is the environmental stone to coal burning power plants. That's a small but important piece of our business, but that's way down because utilities are burning more gas and less coal generally, and so consumption of chemical stone for power plants is down sharply, but that's a really small part of our business.
Stuart J. Benway - S&P Equity Research: Just one last quick one. Have you made any -- can you give us any guidance for CapEx for 2013 or is that a volume projection as well?
Donald M. James: We'll give you that in February. At this point, we're still developing our 2013 CapEx budgets.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. James for closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you very much for joining us today and your interest in Vulcan. And we look forward to talking to you again in February. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Danny R. Shepherd - Executive Vice President of Construction Materials Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 2 2012 Vulcan Materials Company Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ian and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the call is being recorded for replay purposes. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed, sir.
Donald M. James: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our results for the second quarter of 2012. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials Company. Joining me today on the call are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President for Construction Materials. We have posted a short slide presentation to our website that we will reference during this call. These slides are also available to those of you on the webcast. Looking at Slide 2 and before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties Descriptions of these risk and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted diluted EPS for continuing operations. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's second quarter 2012 earnings release and in the Investor Relations section of Vulcan's website. Turning now to Slide 3. Before we walk through the quarterly result, I wanted to briefly discuss a few highlights from the quarter. We remain keenly focused on reducing overhead cost and maximizing operation efficiency across the organization. These efforts have enabled us to continue to increase profitability, while sales remained essentially flat. Adjusted EBITDA was $127 million in the second quarter of this year, an increase of $10 million or 8% over last year's second quarter. We achieved higher EBITDA despite a slight decline in net sales. This decline is due in part to demand weakness in certain of our markets to the pull-forward effect of seasonably favorable weather conditions during the first quarter and unusually severe weather from tropical storm Debby in Florida in June. These negative influences were offset by encouraging growth in a number of our other key markets. Despite weaker volumes in several of our most profitable markets, Aggregates segment gross profit margin increased 220 basis points, and cash earnings per ton of aggregates improved to $4.57. Both of these improvements demonstrate our cost-reduction efforts, and earnings potential of our Aggregates business, particularly as volumes across our geographic markets recover. SAG expenses were reduced during the quarter by approximately 16%, reflecting our organizational restructuring and our cost reduction initiatives. As we look ahead, activity in both private and public sector construction markets continues to improve. We are encouraged by the passage of a new multi-year highway bill, signed into law in early July, which should provide State Department of Transportation with a funding certainty that they need to move forward on infrastructure programs. I will discuss some of the details regarding the highway bill a bit later in the call. We've also made important progress on our initiatives to enable Vulcan to continue to generate higher levels of earnings in cash flow, further improve our operating leverage, reduce overhead cost and strengthen our credit profile. Turning now to Slide 4. As I noted, net sales for the quarter were approximately $649 million, which is a 1% decrease from the second quarter of 2011. For the first 6 months of 2012, net sales were approximately $1.1 billion, 3% higher than the same period last year. Adjusted EBITDA was $127 million in the second quarter of 2012, which is an increase of $10 million or 8% over the second quarter in the prior year. When making year-over-year comparisons of earnings and EBITDA, I want to highlight 3 items that are better excluded from the adjusted EBITDA. The second quarter results include $32 million of cost related to the unsolicited exchange offer by Martin Marietta. They also include $4.5 million of charges associated with the implementation of our Profit Enhancement Plan. And finally, we recorded a $12 million gain on the sale of mitigation credits in California during the quarter. For the first half of 2012, EBITDA increased $52 million or 42% from the first half of 2011. I also want to point out, again, our continued success in reducing overhead cost. SAG expenses were 16% lower in both the second quarter and the first half. These decreases are the direct result of restructuring initiatives we undertook during 2011 and the first quarter of 2012, as well as the early benefits of the Profit Enhancement Plan we announced in February. We will provide an update on the Profit Enhancement Plan shortly. I'll now turn the call over to Danny Shepherd, who will walk you through our segment results for the quarter and an update on our Profit Enhancement Plan and Planned Asset Sales.
Danny R. Shepherd: Thank you, Don. Turning to segment results on Slide 5. Aggregates segment results revenues were pressured by sluggish demand in certain markets and relatively weaker volumes in several of our most profitable markets. Aggregates volumes declined by double-digit percentages in Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. All of these states are relatively high margin states for Vulcan, so the volume decreases in those states had a larger impact on bottom-line result. On the positive side, we achieved double-digit growth in shipments in a number of key states, including Alabama, Florida, Illinois, and Texas, while shipments in Virginia and California continued to show improvement compared to the prior year. These year-over-year increases in Aggregates shipments were due mainly to large infrastructure project work, primarily highways, and increased private construction activity in these states. I should also note that while volume growth was strong in Florida, as Don mentioned, the severe wet weather in June from tropical storm Debby impeded the level of shipments in Florida in June, reducing the quarterly gains. The average freight adjusted selling price increased slightly in the quarter due primarily to some price improvement in private construction work and offset mostly by the negative impact of geographic and product mix. Overall, we believe our pricing in our markets remained solid with additional improvement expected in the second half of the year. While the top line was sluggish, we continued to drive stronger profitability. On a $7 million decline in revenues, our Aggregates gross profit increased by approximately $9 million, reflecting lower unit cost of sales. As a percentage of segment revenues, Aggregates gross profit increased by 220 basis points for the quarter. Cash earnings per ton of Aggregates increased to $4.57 per ton. All key labor productivity and energy efficiency metrics improved from last year. The unit cost for diesel fuel decreased 4%, accounting for $1 million of the increase in gross profit. Moving to Asphalt. For our Asphalt Mix segment, gross profit in the second quarter was $5 million compared with $8 million in the year-ago period. The unit cost for liquid Asphalt increased 7%, which contributed to the decline in segment earnings. The average sales price for Asphalt Mix increased slightly from the prior year, offsetting some of the earnings effect of an 8% decline in volumes. Concrete gross profit was a loss of $9 million, which is in line with the prior-year period. Ready-mixed concrete volumes increased 6% from the prior year. The earnings effect of higher volumes was offset by the unfavorable geographic mix. Finally, Cement. Cement segment gross profit with a loss of $2 million compared to a loss of $1 million in the prior year. A planned maintenance outage at the company's cement plant in Florida, as well as cost related to production disruption from heavy rain and power outages from tropical storm Debby negatively affected segment earnings in the second quarter. In total, gross profit for our non-aggregates segment decreased by $4 million. Turning to Slide 6. Now, I'd like to highlight the steady progress we are making as a part of the Profit Enhancement Plan announced in February. As you may recall from the call, the Profit Enhancement Plan includes cost reductions and other profit enhancement initiatives intended to improve our run rate profitability as measured by EBITDA, and we would expect to improve $100 million annually at current volumes. The Profit Enhancement Plan is focused on 3 major areas: We have a $55 million target in sourcing. We have $25 million target in G&A and another $20 million target for transportation and logistics. As previously announced, we expect to achieve at least $25 million of the Profit Enhancement Plan in 2012 and the remainder in 2013. Employees throughout the organization are implementing actions to improve our profitability across all business segments. And thanks to their continuing efforts, we remain very confident that we will achieve our Profit Enhancement goal. Through the first half of 2012, we've reduced total company controllable cost by $55 million from the prior year. This includes the benefit of previously announced restructuring, as well as the initial results of our Profit Enhancement Plan. The latest portion of restructuring and implementation cost for the Profit Enhancement Plan, approximately $4.5 million, was incurred in the second quarter. The company expects to incur an additional $3 million in restructuring and implementation cost as work is completed in the second half of 2012. There are over 200 specific Profit Enhancement initiatives underway across Vulcan's regions and functions. Our entire team, in particular, the managers and staff closest to our operations and customers, has risen to the challenges presented by today's difficult market conditions. The actions being taken will positively impact our already impressive cash margins per ton, further improving our leverage as demand recovers. To give some examples, in the area of G&A, we worked on further consolidating back office transactional activities into shared services and rightsizing shared services staffing. Types of actions we've taken in sourcing include renegotiating several large supply contracts at reduced rates, implementing enhanced bidding requirements for certain third-party services and implementing a new TNE [ph] cost policy. A specific example of an action we've taken in transportation is optimizing fuel efficiency of Vulcan's ships. We remain very committed to our Profit Enhancement Plan, and execution of these initiatives will remain a top priority for corporate and region management. Now for a brief update on Planned Asset Sales. It won't take a minute to give this update. As you may recall, we are planning to sell non-core assets in a disciplined and strategic manner. These are good assets, many of which we -- which will have a significant value to a number of potential purchasers. Our objective is to generate net after-tax proceeds of approximately $500 million by mid-2013, helping to strengthen our balance sheet, unlock capital for more productive uses and create value for our shareholders. We've been pleased with the level of interest in activity surrounding this process thus far. During the last several months, we have maintained active discussions and engaged in negotiations with multiple potential purchasers. These discussions include potential sales and other transactions involving a portfolio of assets that are not central to the company's strategy. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the coming months, and I'll now turn the call back over to Don.
Donald M. James: Thanks, Danny. We're becoming more confident as we move to Slide 7, that the worst of this economic downturn in construction is behind us. This view is supported by increased contract awards for new construction projects, particularly in private construction, which bodes well for continued demand recovery in our markets. Multi-family housing starts have been growing now for 20 consecutive months. The trailing 12-month single-family housing starts turned positive in the first quarter of 2012 on the back of higher starts reported in recent months. The trailing 12-month contract awards for private nonresidential construction have been growing for the last 16 months. This trend is driven by growth in the boards for commercial and retail buildings. Additionally, trailing 12-month awards for Vulcan-served states and this private non-res category are up 7% versus 2% for other states. This is another positive indicator for continued demand recovery in our high-growth markets. Turning now to Slide 8. We continue to be optimistic about the trends in the private and public sector construction. We are encouraged about the passage of the new multi-year highway bill by Congress in late June. There was overwhelming bipartisan support for this legislation in both the House and the Senate, and it was signed into law by the President on July 6. This bill, called MAP-21, is designed to provide State Departments of Transportation with funding certainty in order to allow them to move forward on infrastructure programs. It will help rebuild America's aging infrastructure by modernizing and reforming our current transportation system, while also protecting millions of jobs. The bill maintains essentially level funding for the next 2 fiscal years with over $105 billion for total funding through fiscal year 2014. It extends the Highway Trust Fund and tax collections through fiscal year 2016, which is 2 years beyond the reauthorization period and adds additional stability that we have not had for the last several years. The bill's substantial highway provisions are more reform-focused than previous bills, with a strong emphasis on improving project delivery and eliminating red tape that has slowed the construction of highway projects. Funding directly for highways provides a floor of $82 billion for fiscal years '13 and '14. On top of this, there's a very significant increase in the TIFIA program, which stands for Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act. Funding for this program will increase to $1.75 billion over the next 2-year period from only $122 million per year under SAFETEA-LU. According to the Federal Highway Administration, TIFIA funding is typically leveraged by a factor of 10, so that there is a potential for a $17.5 billion in additional major project funding for fiscal years '13 and '14 over and above the $82 billion in the regular highway program. TIFIA is a highly popular program that stimulates private capital investments for projects of national or regional significance in key growth areas throughout the United States, including large portions of our footprint. The program provides credit assistance in the form of secured loans, loan guarantees and lines of credit to major transportation infrastructure projects. Eligible sponsors for TIFIA projects include states and local governments, private firms, special authorities and transportation improvement districts. Eligible projects include highways and bridges, large multimodal projects, as well as freight transfer and transit facilities. Some of the existing TIFIA projects that those of you around the country may be familiar with would include the Capital Beltway HOT lanes in Virginia, the I-595 corridor improvements in Florida, and the Presidio Parkway in California, as well as the Central Texas Turnpike in Texas. Overall, MAP-21 creates a positive framework for future authorization through its significant reforms, consolidating and simplifying Federal Highway Programs, accelerating the project delivery process, expanding project financing and promoting public-private partnership opportunities. And needless to say, the fact that Congress was able to pass the bill in the current political climate, maintaining funding levels while also adding an additional year of program funding beyond what all the pundits expected, has its own significance, and makes us even more optimistic about the bill to have Congress to continue to work towards long-term solutions to rebuild America's infrastructure. Vulcan played a very active role in support of this legislation, communicating with Congress about the critical need for infrastructure investment. We have worked on this critical issue and will continue to do so, both as Vulcan and as part of broad coalition of key stakeholders including business, labor, industry association and state and local governments. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 9. Through the first half of 2012, Vulcan's adjusted EBITDA was $175 million, up from $123 million in the prior year. During the second half of 2012, Vulcan expects adjusted EBITDA of approximately $325 million, a $102 million increase from the second half of 2011. Included in this second half improvement is approximately $23 million from gains from the routine sale of real estate that is not part of the Planned Asset Sales and savings from the restructuring initiative announced last year and completed during the first quarter of 2012. For the balance of the year, we expect the year-over-year EBITDA improvement to be realized from cost reduction initiatives underway across the organization, including additional savings from the Profit Enhancement Plan, as well as the year-over-year improvement in second-half segment earnings in Aggregates, Concrete and Asphalt. We anticipate the controllable cost in the second half of 2012 will decrease by approximately $50 million from the prior year, which gives us $105 million in savings for the full year. Full year SAG costs are now expected to be approximately $260 million. For 2012, we expect earnings in each segment to improve from the prior year. We now expect the total aggregate freight adjusted selling prices to increase 1% to 3%. Aggregates demand should benefit from recovery in private construction activity and from the new Federal Highway Bill I mentioned earlier. As a result, total company's same-store shipments are now expected to be up 1% to 3%, with the total shipments, that is adjusting for divestitures of Indiana operations last year, should be flat to 2% higher. The uneven pace of growth in shipments through the first half of 2012 across our key markets makes forecasting overall volume growth more challenging. The full year outlook assumes a more normal geographic mix of shipments in the second half of 2012. Our non-aggregates segment earnings are expected to increase approximately $25 million compared to last year due mostly to improved earnings in Asphalt and Concrete. Asphalt earnings are expected to increase due to second half growth in shipments as a result of the timing of certain large projects in California. For the Concrete segment, volume should continue to benefit from growth in private construction activity in the second half of the year. Cement earnings are expected to approach breakeven for the full year. Unit cost for diesel fuel are expected to increase modestly from the second half 2011 levels, resulting in a full year increase of 1% to 5% from last year. Based on all of these assumptions, we expect 2012 EBITDA will be approximately $500 million, which excludes the results from the Planned Asset Sales and the cost associated with the unsolicited offer. We expect capital spending in 2012 to be approximately $100 million. In summary, we are encouraged by our second quarter results. Our cost-reduction initiatives are gaining traction and positioning us well for solid earnings growth in 2012. More importantly, these initiatives will improve the underlying cost structure of our organization and allow us to fully leverage the earning potential of a sustained recovery and demand. Now I'll turn the call over to our operator to begin Q&A. Dan Sansone, Danny Shepherd and I will be happy to respond to your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Garik Shmois of Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: My first question is, I'm just wondering if we could dive in a little bit more on the weakness that you saw in North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia in the quarter. I think it was a bit surprising the level of volume declines there. I'm just wondering, was it all weather driven, the pull forward into the first quarter, the rain in the second quarter, is there some market share loss going on there? I'm just wondering, a little bit more color will be helpful.
Danny R. Shepherd: Gary, this is Danny Shepherd. I'll answer your call. The first question you asked about demand in North Carolina and Georgia, North Carolina has remained weak for some time. As you know, we have a significant presence in the great -- presence in the greater Charlotte area, and that area of North Carolina has been weak now for some time. We do not have a major presence in eastern North Carolina, and large highway projects for the most part have been occurring in that part of the state. Switching to Georgia, Georgia has also been weak for some time now. Georgia had a hugely overbuilt residential sector. That sector is slowly improving. What remains hopefully a bright spot for us as we move through the year is in the highway sector. We have a reasonably good backlog in highway work as we travel through the summer. So hopefully, we will be somewhat stronger in Georgia in the second half.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I guess, just looking at your volume guidance that's been reduced this morning, you had about 3% volume growth in the first half of the year. And I guess, the new full year volume guidance implies something like a plus 1% to down 3% volume performance in the second half? I was just wondering if you can reconcile, given that in the prepared remarks, you're starting to see some improved trends in private and public demand. I'm just wondering where the disconnect is and why you're anticipating modest volume declines, broadly speaking, in the back half of the year?
Donald M. James: I believe our volume guidance for the second half of the year would be essentially flat, not down, and certain maybe up slightly on a same-store basis. The issue, of course, Garik, is timing of projects. We think there's a substantial amount of work in the pipeline coming from improvement in the private sector. We were surprised by both the large declines in the 3 states Danny mentioned but also by very large gains in many of our other markets. So there's a disparity in growth rates across markets, which we think will level out some in the second half, at least, our outlook is based on that. But we are -- we think contract awards for highways are down for the year about 5% to 7% largely because of the lack of any of the stimulus contract awards are no longer going out. But with the passage of the new highway bill, we think the significant new contract awards in the second half, whether they shift in the second half of 2011 or the first half of '13 is difficult for us to predict at this point. But we're not -- I don't think we see a disconnect in our macro outlook in our Aggregate volumes forecast.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just my last question is, on the $50 million reduction that you're looking for in controllable costs, just wondering how that relates to Profit Enhancement Program. And it seems like in the presentation, that it would be separate, and you would need this $50 million in the lower cost to help hit your guidance for EBITDA for the full year. But if you can provide some more color how -- whether or not there are some more costs that are being pulled forward from the Profit Enhancement Program into the back half of the year or just where this $50 million are coming from, that will be helpful.
Donald M. James: Well, in the first half, we got $55 million of controllable cost reduction. About $25 million of that was SAG and about $30 million was in cost of goods sold. Of the $50 million in the second half, again, about $25 million will come from SAG and about $25 million from cost of goods sold. A portion of that savings is coming from the form of Profit Enhancement Plan, but it's also coming from a very broad-based plant level and regional level initiatives that are helping us with our overall cost reduction effort. So it's a combination of the Profit Enhancement Plan plus the last year's restructuring and last year's SAG reduction efforts, as well as the ongoing Profit Enhancement Plan benefits.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Realistically, in Q2, how much does volume shortfall with a pull forward in demand versus the Florida storm?
Donald M. James: Certainly, there was a pull forward in demand from the very favorable weather in the first quarter. It's really hard for us to quantify that, but we know it exists. The issue in Florida from tropical storm Debby, I think, there were like 22 inches of rain that soaked the state, certainly, portions of the state. We don't have a number associated with that. Our volumes, as a Danny Shepherd said, in Florida, we're up double digit in the quarter. Clearly, they would have been up some more if it hadn't been for the impact of tropical storm Debby, but we really can't quantify that in any way that we think would be accurate.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: I think it will be safe to say that the pull-forward demand probably had a greater impact though?
Donald M. James: Yes, yes. Relatively I'm certain. I misunderstood that part of your question.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: And you said in your prepared comments, you expect additional pricing improvement in the second half. But our industry contacts are telling us that's increasingly more challenging to get pricing in a market. What are you seeing that maybe is a little bit different or is there maybe just degrees in terms of what type of pricing you feel you'd be able to get in the market?
Donald M. James: Well, as you know, in this industry, every market is different. It's a matter of what's going on in individual markets. Clearly, it is challenging in this market to get price improvement. We had very, very modest price improvement in the first half but some -- there is a geographic mix to pricing and we had a negative geographic mix for pricing in the second quarter. We think that will modify in the second half and we will get some benefit from a more normal geographic mix as it would flow through into pricing. Put another way, we have very good pricing in North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia, and some of the states where we have the highest volume gains don't have a stronger pricing as some of those other markets. So that geographic impact to pricing is significant.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay. Now I know that kind of topic du jour is fiscal cliff and elections coming up. What are you doing -- a twofold question related to, these are facing the U.S. and us overall. Do you feel better or worse about demand given the hurdles that we face in the back half of the year? And are you doing anything differently to manage your business around those events?
Donald M. James: I'll go to the first question -- the second part of the question first. Clearly, we are very focused on controlling our cost. And without regard to what's happening with volume, we are committed to achieve the $50 million in additional controllable cost in the second half, totaling $105 million for the year. And then as we move forward into '13, the continuation of the benefit from our Profit Enhancement Plan. So we're doing that independent of political issues or demand issues. Actually, I think we -- with the passage of the federal highway bill, the certainty that gives to DOT's and the substantial increase in the TIFIA program, I think politically, we think we're more optimistic than we've been in several years in terms of the impact on our demand. We obviously are all affected by what is happening and may happen in Europe. But in terms of public infrastructure spending and what we're seeing in the housing markets, both multi-family and single-family housing, and increases in contract awards for private non-res, I think we are probably more optimistic today about the future than we've been in a long time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rodny Nacier of Keybanc Capital Markets.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Don, you commented on your expectation implied in your guidance that volumes are going to be flat in the second half. So I'm just trying to understand, it's going to be on a relatively tougher comp than the 2Q and with residential activity pretty evident in the first half and not too much volume growth and comps getting tougher in the back half. I mean, is it really a combination of residential private construction continuing to be strong and maybe some regional mixed dynamics going away?
Donald M. James: Well, full year, we think residential -- the demand from residential end markets will be up plus or minus 10%. Non-res up plus or minus 6%. Those are the areas that are positive. Highways, at least in terms of contract awards, will probably be down some, maybe plus or minus 6%. And so you balance all that out, infrastructure may be flat to down 1% or 2%. So when you run all that through our model, the improvement is coming from the private sector with some near-term weakness. Last year's third quarter was weak. We saw strength coming back in the fourth quarter, so that's -- as we're looking at comps from last year, we had a relatively weak third quarter and a relatively strong fourth quarter.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And with the bill -- I missed if you had said that changed your guidance for this year at all would be a transport bill being signed on the public side?
Donald M. James: No, that did not change our guidance. I think it gives us a lot of encouragement about the future, but we didn't change our volume guidance based on the passage of the highway bill.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And my second question is on the asset sale program that you have. Did you extend the timeline for the completion of the program for the $500 million. The tone in the release seems to be more cautious around the deadline. And secondly, do you have any assets that are classified as held for sale on your balance sheet as of now?
Danny R. Shepherd: Rodny, Danny Shepherd here. we have not extended the deadline that we had previously communicated, and we're working very aggressively to actually accomplish some things in the Planned Asset Sale category certainly this year. But no, the answer is no, we have not extended out our deadline.
Donald M. James: For the second part, we don't have assets held for sale on our balance sheet. There are rules for when you do that, and basically, the impact is you stop depreciating them so we don't have any on the balance sheet held for sale at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I was curious -- in terms of getting that sort of rough $25 million improvement in the non-aggregates piece, does that also assume the sale of any businesses or is that purely a function of better market and better operating performance with what you have?
Donald M. James: That does not include sale of any assets. That's operating for -- it's primarily -- it's not in the Cement segment, it's in the Asphalt and Ready Mix segment. The Asphalt Segment is -- will benefit from some projects that will begin in the second half. And the Concrete segment, we believe will benefit from the improvement in private sector demand, both residential and private non-res.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got you. Okay. And then, and just on the residential side, maybe more broadly speaking, just curious what you're seeing in terms of sort of community development, flat development and things like that?
Donald M. James: Well, it was a very market specific. I think there is probably less infrastructure development per housing start today than there was at the last time we saw housing starts pick up, but that will catch up. But there's obviously some of that, but that's not a huge factor right now, but it will obviously come back as some of the already developed lots get consumed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] of RBC Capital Markets.
Unknown Analyst: I'm mostly focused on maybe you can give us an idea of what you think incremental margins are in the aggregate segment given that you're taking out so much cost during the remainder of the year?
Donald M. James: Incremental margin in the Aggregates business, you're looking for a full year number?
Unknown Analyst: Yes. How would you [indiscernible]?
Donald M. James: Yes. The guidance we have given has been about 60% in the Aggregates business. We're doing better than that year-to-date. And there's a lot of reasons for that, but I would go back to what Danny Shepherd said about the broad-based work our people across our regions are doing at the plant level. So 60% over some period of time is still a good number even though we're beating that year-to-date.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Betts of Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to return, please, to the non-aggregates businesses. I mean I think, Don, you were talking about $25 million improvement. It was only up, I think, 2 in the first half. So there's a lot of progress needed here. My specific questions are really, I guess 2 or 3. Firstly, were there any other problem in projects or work contracts that you had in over the Asphalt business or the ready mixed that particularly have held it back in the first half and you won't have in the second half? And are you expecting significant price increases as well in ready mix or Asphalt that helps with that? And then the third question, really just look at the quantification, if you could, of the one-off cost that impacted the Cement business in the first half or in the second quarter.
Donald M. James: Mike, in the Asphalt business, the issue was the higher cost of liquid asphalt and the lag in getting that higher cost of liquid asphalt pushed through into our pricing. But in terms of an -- the problem with an individual project, we didn't have any of those. It's really the liquid asphalt impact. The liquid asphalt prices were up about 10% in the first half, which had a significant impact on the profitability. And we're looking for stronger volumes in both Asphalt and Concrete in the second half. I mentioned earlier in Asphalt, it's because of the timing of some larger highway projects particularly in California. And in Concrete, it's driven by the improvement in residential and private non-res construction, which is the larger user of concrete. We expect improved material margins in both Asphalt and Concrete. And the combination of volume growth and improved margins is the basis for our improved guidance in the second half. With respect to the cement plant, 2 things happened in the second quarter. One, we had a planned outage, which always impacts results in a quarter in which you have an outage because you don't have production for a period of time and you have increased R&M costs. And secondly, at the cement plant, we had a -- because of the storm, we had -- we lost power to the cement plant and that clearly disrupts production not just for the time that the power is out but then the time to get the plant back up following that. Danny, do you have any other...
Danny R. Shepherd: Well, I would add, Mike, early in the quarter, you know what it takes when -- you know what the time line looks like when you take a cement kiln down. So one way to look at it is we lost 10 days, roughly early in the quarter and we lost roughly 10 days late in the quarter because of the weather events. So hopefully, these are non-recurring. There are no planned outages, kiln outages at the cement plant in the near future.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Do you have a quantification of the cost of those 2 events, was it like $1 million or $2 million?
Daniel Sansone: Yes, roughly $1 million, we believe.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Don, if I could just return to the Asphalt question, 2 parts to it and my final question here, 2 parts to it. One, is the lag under the indexation roughly about 3 months or is it significantly different? And how do you locked in the liquid bitumin-- liquid asphalt cost for the rest of the year or you're still at vaguaries of what that price does?
Donald M. James: We have some portion of our liquid asphalt needs committed pricewise. And in some portion, we'll have to continue to buy on the spot market. The lag in pricing, many of these projects are priced much further out than 3 months from the shipping date.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But the indexation, does that work on a 3-month basis or is it the indexation of the point?
Daniel Sansone: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the question, Mike.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I mean, is the price recovery a question of waiting for the indexation to deliver the cost of increased asphalt, or is it you win and you work higher prices?
Danny R. Shepherd: No, the answer is no. We're expecting a significant improvement in California as Don talked about in his remarks. The work that -- a large percentage of the work that we expect to ship in the second half is indexed work in California, and that is -- that is something that's manageable.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Don James for closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Thank you very much for joining us for our second quarter conference call. We look forward to having you again after the third quarter. Thank you for your interest in our company and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee John R. McPherson - Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development Danny R. Shepherd - Executive Vice President of Construction Materials Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Judy Merrick Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Vulcan Materials Company Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erica and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our results for the first quarter of 2012. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President for Construction Materials; and John McPherson, Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development. We have posted to our website a short slide presentation that we will be referring to during the call. The slides are also available to those of you on the webcast. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call, as indicated on Slide 2 of our presentation, contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Description of these risk and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. In addition, during this call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted diluted EPS for continuing operations. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and other related information in Vulcan's first quarter 2012 earnings release and in the Investor Relations section of Vulcan's website at vulcanmaterials.com. I would now like to walk you through our first quarter results. As you saw in the press release we issued this morning, we began 2012 with another strongly improved quarter. Our results were substantially better compared to the first quarter of last year.  Net sales were approximately $500 million. This is a 10% increase from the first quarter of 2011. Although some of this year-over-year growth is attributable to milder weather, we also benefited from the continued recovery of our markets, particularly in the demand for Aggregates, combined with the strength of our market positions. Gross profit for the first quarter increased $29 million from the first quarter of 2011, reflecting sales growth in every segment and the favorable earnings effect of improved productivity and cost reduction. Gross profit as a percent of net sales increased 600 basis points from the same period last year. When making year-over-year comparisons of earnings and EBITDA, it's important to note a few items that impact these comparisons. One, the first quarter of 2012 included $10 million of cost related to Martin Marietta's unsolicited offer. Two, the first quarter of 2012 also included a $6 million gain on the sale of real estate in California. And three, in the first quarter of last year, the company received approximately $25.5 million in an insurance arbitration award for the recovery of settlement and legal cost related to a lawsuit settled in 2010. Excluding these items, EBITDA increased to $46 million in the first quarter of 2012 compared to $5 million of EBITDA in the prior year. Earnings from continuing operations, excluding the items I highlighted, were a loss of $0.42 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2012 compared to a loss of $0.62 per diluted share in the same period last year.  Further enhancing operating earnings, SAG expenses decreased by $13 million or 17% compared to the prior year period. This decrease was due mainly to cost reduction initiatives undertaken in 2011. In addition, the Profit Enhancement Plan we announced in February is well underway, and will generate significant additional savings and profit enhancements. John McPherson will update you on that shortly.  Turning to our segment results on Slide 4, our Aggregate segment performed very well, reflecting continued market recovery and favorable weather. Segment revenues, which include sales to our Asphalt and Concrete businesses, increased approximately $24 million or roughly 7% from the prior year period. And gross profit increased $23 million. Aggregate revenues reflect stronger demand, including increased demand from our Asphalt and Concrete operations, as well as generally stable pricing. First quarter Aggregate shipments increased 10% from the prior year, and coupled with lower unit cost of sales, led to a sharp increase in Aggregates' gross profit margin. Shipments increased in almost all of our geographic markets. Our operations in California and Virginia continued their trend of achieving much stronger than average volume gains from the prior year. Our Aggregates businesses in 8 other states also achieved double-digit volume gains over the prior year's first quarter, most notably key states like Florida, Texas and Alabama. These increases were due mainly to large infrastructure project work, primarily highways, some improvement in private construction activity, as well as favorable weather conditions. Average freight adjusted selling price decreased by 1% in the first quarter due mostly to a less favorable product mix.  In the first quarter, above-average levels of lower priced products, including base stone and fill material, were shipped to large projects in Virginia. Excluding the fill material shipments, which are sporadic and infrequent relative to other sizes, first quarter pricing was flat with the prior year. Overall, we continued to see pricing stability across our markets. In the first quarter, more than half of our markets realized price improvement from the prior year, a trend that has continued for the last 4 quarters.  Importantly, Aggregates gross profit increased to approximately $34 million, reflecting the earnings effect of higher volumes and improved productivity, which contributed to lower unit cost of sales. This increase is more than triple the $11 million in Aggregates gross profit we recorded in the first quarter of 2011 and shows the favorable earnings impact of the operating leverage inherent in our business. This is also a continuation of what we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2011. As a result, net sales have increased $73 million and gross profit has increased $53 million in the trailing 6 months ended March 31, 2012, compared to the prior period last year. Aggregates gross profit as a percent of segment revenues for the quarter increased by 640 basis points. Cash earnings per ton increased by 11% to $3.36. Helping to drive our first quarter results in Aggregates, we continued to pursue opportunities in plant operations, including executing a turnaround of specific underperforming facilities, increasing the exchange of operating practices and talent across geographies, and improving central service facility sharing across regions. Segment unit cost of sales decreased approximately 10% from the prior year due to increased productivity, cost-reduction initiatives and the operating leverage realized from higher volumes. All key labor productivity and energy efficiency metrics for Aggregates improved compared to last year's first quarter, more than offsetting an 11% increase in the unit cost for diesel fuel. For our Asphalt Mix segment, gross profit in the first quarter was a loss of less than $1 million, approximating last year's breakeven earnings. The average sales price for asphalt mix increased approximately 6%, offsetting most of the earnings effect of a 16% increase in liquid asphalt cost. The Asphalt Mix volume increased 3% from last year's first quarter. In Concrete, gross profit was a loss of $12 million compared to a loss of $14 million in the prior year. Ready-mixed concrete volumes increased 12% from the prior year. The average sales price increased 1% from the prior year, contributing to improved unit materials margin. Finally, Cement segment gross profit was $1 million, an improvement of $4 million from the prior year due to increased volumes and lower operating costs.  In total, gross profit for our non-Aggregate segments improved by $6 million, reflecting cost reduction initiatives. Turning now to Slide 5. We wanted to take a step back and review the significant progress Vulcan has made and continues to make in reducing cost. As you can see in this slide, our full year SAG expense reductions should further accelerate as a result of our cost savings initiatives and by leveraging our ERP and Shared Services platforms. By the end of 2012, Vulcan is on target to have reduced run rate SAG expenses by at least 32% since 2007. Spending for our new ERP systems peaked in 2010. We are now reaping the benefits, both in improved efficiency and in our ability to undertake the restructuring actions we announced last year, as well as pursuing the Profit Enhancement Plan. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John McPherson who will provide a brief update on our Profit Enhancement Plan. John?
John R. McPherson: Thanks, Don.  Hey, now turning to Slide 6. I'd like to highlight the steady progress we've been making in the Profit Enhancement Plan that we announced in February. As you may recall, the Profit Enhancement Plan includes cost reductions and other profit enhancements to improve our run rate profitability as measured by EBITDA at current volumes by more than $100 million annually. Of that $100 million in profit enhancements, $25 million is expected to be achieved in 2012, $75 million is expected to be achieved in 2013, with the full run rate in place by mid-2013. And as a result, the full $100 million is expected to be achieved and hit the P&L in 2014. These enhancements are, and I'd like to underscore this, in addition to the $55 million in run rate overhead reductions achieved through our restructuring actions announced in 2011.  Of the $100 million in profit enhancements we expect to achieve through this initiative, $55 million should be derived from savings in sourcing, $25 million from G&A and support functions and another $20 million from transportation and logistics. I'd now like to give a brief update on progress in each of these 3 areas.  In sourcing, we have renegotiated vendor agreements and pricing for categories ranging from office supplies to mobile equipment. In addition, we have expanded the role of our professional procurement staff. We have strengthened certain procurement policies and programs, and we've taken steps to accelerate company-wide adoption of these programs. Initial actions have been taken to reduce spending related to outside services, a category that includes costs such as drilling and blasting, electrical, repair and maintenance, and landscaping. This category includes over $150 million in annual spending at the plant level. We will address other categories of procured goods and services over at least the next 2 quarters, and we remain fully committed to reducing the annual run rate spending on third-party goods and services by $55 million or more before mid-2013. In G&A, additional efficiencies have been identified in accounting, HR, IT, legal and other support functions. These efficiencies leverage our prior restructuring in ERP investments and include actions such as further standardization and simplification of administrative policies and practices, further consolidation of support activities to leverage the company's systems of scale, and further streamlining in automation of management processes and reporting. We implemented certain of these improvements during the first quarter and we'll implement others throughout the balance of the year. Again, we remain fully committed to reducing overhead costs by $25 million or more without negatively impacting our safety, environmental, customer service or sales performance. In the area of transportation and logistics, our transition to the 4-region structure has positioned the company to further optimize intermodal transportation decisions to better manage the deployment of rail cars and other assets, and to consistently assess and adopt best trucking practices across operating units. For each of our trucking, rail and marine operations, we have identified opportunities to reduce cost and increase revenues associated with our owned and contracted transportation assets. We remain on target to increase profits in this area by more than $20 million through our initiatives in -- over the next year. I'd like to note that across all of these areas, our employees at all levels of the business have demonstrated great ingenuity and commitment in managing costs smartly, while remaining focused on serving our customers and operating safely. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Danny Shepherd.
Danny R. Shepherd: Thank you, John. Well, as John noted, we are very pleased with our progress over the last 2 months, and the organization is fully committed and engaged in the Profit Enhancement Program. We remain very optimistic that we will achieve our goals. Now if you turn to Slide 7, during the quarter, we also continued to execute on our Planned Asset Sales initiative, which was also announced in February. As previously disclosed, we'll be selling operations that are not core to our strategy. These are quality assets, many of which will have significant value to a number of potential purchasers. Thus far, we've been pleased with the level of interest and activity surrounding the process. The divested assets will include ready-mixed Concrete and Cement operations, nonstrategic Aggregates assets and real estate. This initiative is in line with our strategy to focus our capital on higher return, higher growth Aggregates positions, optimize our exposure to downstream businesses and unlock value of real estate from our portfolio. We have completed similar transactions in the past in states like Virginia, Indiana, New Mexico, Arizona and others. We are focused on optimizing value as a disciplined seller, and we continue to expect this initiative will generate net proceeds of approximately $500 million by mid-2013. Importantly, these actions will enhance our longer-term earnings growth profile, margins and return on capital employed as demand for our products improves with the economic recovery. Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Don.
Donald M. James: Thanks, Danny.  If you will turn with me now to Slide 8. Sentiment is spreading that the worst of this economic downturn is behind us. This view appears to be supported by the U.S. contract awards for new construction projects, particularly in private construction, which bodes well for continued demand recovery in our high-growth markets. Multi-family housing starts have remained strong, growing now for 17 consecutive months. Trailing 12 months single-family housing starts turned positive in the first quarter of 2012 on the back of higher starts reported in recent months. As of March of 2012, the year-over-year change in trailing 12-month contract awards for private nonresidential construction has remained positive for the last year. This positive trend is driven by growth in contract awards for commercial and retail building. Additionally, trailing 3-month awards for Vulcan-served states are up 10% versus other states, which are down 12%. This is another positive indicator for continued demand recovery in our high growth markets. Finally, private non-highway infrastructure projects, mainly power-related projects, have been positive, although very lumpy due to the large scale and scope of these projects, which can consume large quantities of Aggregates. Trailing 12-month contract awards in Vulcan-served states are up 34% compared with other states, which are down 27%. On the public side, contract award activity has been mixed. Trailing 12-month awards for non-highway infrastructure projects are down 2% versus the prior year. In highways, trailing 12-month awards for the period ending March 2012 were $51.4 billion, down 11% from the prior year, reflecting the absence of $7.5 billion in stimulus-related project awards from last year. Prospects for the next federal highway bill are improving. At this time, we are operating under a 90-day extension at current funding levels. Last week, the House of Representatives passed by a wide and bipartisan margin, additional legislation designed to expedite a House-Senate conference on a new highway bill. This follows the bipartisan passage of the Senate highway bill earlier in the spring. It is the stated intention of both the House and Senate leadership to resolve their differences on the highway bill and produce a conference agreement before the end of the current extension that avoids additional disruption in the Federal Highway Program. Just this week, Senate and House leaders have announced the members of the conference committee that will focus on reconciling the Senate bill with the House proposals. It is a streamlined conference committee, notably smaller than was the case with SAFETEA-LU, and it is composed of a number of strong highway program proponents from both parties and from both the House and the Senate. We, along with a broad coalition of stakeholders including unions, highway users, industry and state and local government officials are urging Congress to reach agreement on this new bill as quickly as possible to facilitate a recovery in construction activity. Turning now to Slide 9. For 2012, we continued to expect earnings in each of our segments to improve from the prior year due to continued growth in volumes, higher pricing and reduced cost. We now expect that total aggregate shipments will increase by approximately 2% to 4% based on our strong performance in the first quarter and solid demand levels. We have adjusted our full year freight-adjusted pricing for Aggregates to reflect the impact of the product mix shift in the first quarter. As a result, we now expect aggregate pricing to increase by 1% to 3% for the full year. In addition, Aggregates segment unit cost should be lower than in 2011 due to improved productivity, restructuring of overhead support functions and the implementation of the Profit Enhancement Plan. As a result, Aggregate segment earnings are expected to improve substantially from 2011.  Asphalt earnings are expected to increase due to higher pricing and modest growth in volumes. Ready-mixed Concrete pricing should continue to improve and shipments should increase modestly from the prior year, contributing to an improvement in earnings. Cement earnings should approach the breakeven levels in 2012. And energy-related costs, specifically unit costs for diesel fuel and liquid asphalt, are now expected to increase 5% to 10% from full year 2011 levels. As we noted earlier, we continue to expect full year 2012 SAG cost to be approximately $270 million. We also continue to expect 2012 EBITDA of about $500 million, including $25 million related to the Profit Enhancement Plan and approximately $29 million in gains for 2 real estate transactions that were initiated in 2011 prior to the announcement of the Planned Asset Sales that are not part of that program. Our full year EBITDA guidance excludes impacts from Planned Asset Sales and costs associated with the unsolicited offer. We continue to expect capital spending in 2012 to be approximately $100 million. In summary, we had a much better first quarter and our outlook for the year remains favorable. Moving to Slide 10, I should note that in addition to delivering strong improvements in our financial results for the last 2 quarters, we also recorded the best safety and health performance in the history of our company in 2011.  And our environmental performance resulted in the lowest number of environmental citation since 1999, when we were a very much smaller company. We take pride in our safety record, which is among the best in the industry, but we are always looking to improve. Our performance last year is a testament to the focus and professionalism of our employees and their commitment to maintaining a safe work environment. Finally, before taking your questions, I wanted to take a moment to briefly comment on Martin Marietta's offer. Vulcan has been and continues to be open to transactions that create value for our shareholders. The long history of discussions between Vulcan and Martin Marietta demonstrates our willingness to explore potential value-adding strategies. However, we will not agree to a transaction that dilutes Vulcan's shareholder value. And put simply, we do not believe that Martin Marietta's offer reflects the intrinsic value of Vulcan's assets or would create value for our shareholders. It doesn't compensate our shareholders for Vulcan's strong operating leverage, which we believe should continue to drive strong performance as our markets recover. The benefits of this leverage are clear in the results we announced today. Nor does Martin's offer compensate Vulcan shareholders for the benefits of our Profit Enhancement Plan, which is delivering real, tangible results for Vulcan shareholders. In addition, the offer would enable Martin Marietta shareholders to capture a significant portion of the value that our ongoing initiatives are creating. We believe this is value that belongs to Vulcan shareholders. Finally, the significant divestitures that may be required by the Department of Justice to complete a transaction will erode value that belongs to Vulcan shareholders and add great uncertainty to the Martin Marietta offer.  Accordingly, we continue to recommend that shareholders not tender any shares to Martin Marietta. We remain focused on shareholder value. We are executing our initiatives to generate higher levels of earnings and cash flow, improve our operating leverage, reduce overhead costs, strengthen our credit profile and restore a meaningful dividend as rapidly as possible.  And if Vulcan decides to pursue a value-enhancing transaction, whether with Martin Marietta, one of its competitors or none of the above, it is Vulcan's board, which has undivided loyalty to Vulcan and its shareholders, and not Martin Marietta's hand-picked nominees that should be negotiating on Vulcan's behalf. I know many of you have an interest in Martin Marietta's offer. But we hope that you will focus today on our results, on our outlook for 2012, and on the initiatives we have in place to further enhance our performance and shareholder value. With that, I'll now turn it back to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Don, I apologize if I missed it, but I wanted to come back and revisit the highway contract awards. We tracked the data and I guess we've noticed a pretty sharp decline, certainly January, February, improvement on a relative basis in March. But I guess the way we tracked it across your 10 states, I have it down 12% on a trailing 12-month average basis. It's your forward contracts on highways, just federal highways. But I'm wondering if -- are we missing something? Or is there anything that's gone on that might explain the really sharp decline of January, February this year?
Donald M. James: Ted, I think if you look at the year-over-year change in highway contract awards from the stimulus funding, that accounts for virtually all or maybe more than all of the difference year-over-year. Those stimulus projects are still largely under construction, but the contract awards coming from stimulus money have virtually come to a halt. Because that -- the contract award part had deadlines, but as you know, there are still many, many stimulus projects under construction.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure. Do you think there was any impact from the uncertainty on the highway bill and now that we've got the CR signed?
Donald M. James: Absolutely. I think the DOTs are not willing to award new contracts till they see some more certainty in the Federal Highway Program. We work very closely with the Association of State Highway Transportation Officials and they are, as I indicated, lobbying as hard as we are to convince their congressmen and senators from all of their states that we need to quit quibbling and get something in place that will allow the state DOTs to move forward with the backlog of projects.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And so as you guys kind of look at April and the trends you've noticed that you might be willing to talk about through this month, is it your sense that contract awards are starting to improve on that basis? And then I was wondering if you could also just talk about pricing that you've seen, March versus April.
Donald M. James: I haven't seen any April contract award data yet, so I really can't comment on that. Pricing, our guidance for pricing for the full year is up 1% to 3%. That's down a notch from our guidance beginning earlier in the year. And that's really because of 2 or 3 big large projects where we sold some, essentially, by-product or fill product at relatively low prices to some large construction projects, particularly in Virginia. So it's really on that basis that we ratcheted down our pricing assumption for the full year. But as I said, there is stability in pricing in the sense that we don't have wide swings from -- and price changes from market to market. And we're optimistic that we'll be able to report price improvement as the year moves forward.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. The last thing I was hoping to ask you or Danny is on the asset sales. And I know Danny reaffirmed confidence and the slide deck said that you can get $500 million announced by the middle of 2013. Just given the progress you've had to date on that process, should we look for this to come in chunkier transactions? Will there be more kind of one-off transactions? And any more color you might provide on the process would be super.
Danny R. Shepherd: I think the way I would answer your question, Ted, is some of it would be one-off transactions, but we do have a combination of ready-mixed assets or assets that could be sold in a single transaction. I will add that we are encouraged or we're early in the process, but the interest that we're receiving from interested parties has been very, very encouraging, and hopefully, we'll have something positive to report in the near future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I had a handful of questions, but let's stick on that question about mix there for a second and the big projects in Virginia and other places. I mean, is this the kind of thing that you expect to persist for a little while? This sort of newly -- I think, you described that the volumes of those products is above average.
Donald M. James: I think this is -- the contract awards indicate that private sector construction is well on its way to recovery, office buildings and other large private construction. These sales in Virginia were to large, private construction projects, manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities. But the kind of material we sold in the first quarter is really sort of a one-off. That's not a routine part of our business. We'll, in the course of production, put finds aside and then a big project will come along and take several hundred thousand tons for one project. And that's what happened in the first quarter. I don't see that being a continuing trend, if I'm understanding your question.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: No, that was the question. And this -- and thanks to that. I did have one -- I was going to follow up and ask if that was a private job or a highway job, so it's interesting that it was on the private side. To the extent you can tell, and I'm sure it's probably hard given the lumpiness of the transactions, but can you tell what the price trend on that sort of lower-priced material is? I mean, is it pretty aggressively bid right now or is the price for that product sort of firm enough?
Donald M. James: Well, it's just a very low-priced product. I mean, it's a fraction of our average selling price. That's why I pulled the reported freight-adjusted selling price down to minus 1%. Absent that, we were flat. We certainly believe we'll have opportunities through the year in our normal product mix, normal geographic mix, that we'll see pricing improvement as the year moves on.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. On that point, last year, around midyear, I guess, there were price increases in Aggregates put through in a lot of places, driven by the increase in diesel cost. Obviously, diesel’s back up again this year. I mean is there any outlook to kind of go for a second round, if we can think about it that way, this summer?
Donald M. James: Well, certainly, higher diesel costs support higher Aggregate pricing for at least 2 reasons. One is it increases production costs in the plants, and secondly, it increases delivery cost, which shrinks the shipping radius, and therefore, gives an individual quarry typically more pricing power. The -- our full year -- the big increase in diesel cost occurred second half of last year. And as I -- as we indicated, we think diesel cost increases for full year 2012 will be in the 5% to 10% range, which will be substantially lower increase than we saw last year. But nevertheless, they're still up. Most of our cost elements are down. Our labor productivity is better. Our energy, our electricity consumption and energy conversion is better. So we're doing -- our guys in the plants are doing a super job on cost management and cost control. The one place we have higher cost is in diesel fuel. I believe it was up 11% in the quarter over last year's first quarter. But we're offsetting that with other productivities. So if we get some moderation in diesel fuel cost, it will certainly help us as the year moves forward.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. On the activity in D.C. with the conference committee around the highway bill, can you kind of walk us through what you're hearing? I mean obviously, there's -- in terms of the annual funding level, I guess the House and the Senate have been pretty close to one another barring recent...
Donald M. James: Which is stable, stable to up slightly.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Right. But there's been a spread there on -- in terms of the duration and in terms of how to pay for it. Do you have any -- is there any conversation as to how they might bridge the gaps there?
Donald M. James: Well, as you know, the Senate, the Senate EPW Committee reported its bill out 18 to 0, all Democrats, all Republicans fully aligned. It had offsets from other spending cuts of $12 billion plus or minus, which funded, in addition to the regular Highway Trust Fund and the receipts in the Highway Trust Fund, it fully funded the Senate bill through the end of FY '13. The House bill, really wasn't a bill. It was something that was passed by leadership in order to get to a conference committee. There is no funding mechanism per se in the House side. The -- I think as we read the tea leaves, you have a lot of Democrats, in both the House and the Senate, willing to support the Senate bill. You've got Senate Republicans, by and large, supporting the Senate bill, and you have a substantial portion of House Republicans, including all the leadership who, I think, will coalesce around the Senate bill. The problem, of course, are the same group that's opposed to a lot of other things in the House. But our view is that the leadership in both House and the Senate is committed to getting this thing passed so it is not an issue in the election. And in order to do that, they need to do it by June 30. And they seem to be fully committed to doing that. You've got the Keystone Pipeline in the House bill that's not in the Senate bill. We don't know where that goes, but that's really not relevant, of course, to highway funding, at least directly. So we're probably more optimistic today than we've been in several years that something is about to happen with respect to a formal highway bill, albeit, probably only through the end of FY '13 at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: First question is for John. I was wondering if you could identify how much of the $25 million in the Profit Enhancement program for 2012 has been realized so far. Maybe it's a little bit too early to see the full benefit, obviously, but can you identify how much was in the first quarter numbers?
John R. McPherson: It is a bit early to figure out exactly how much of the first quarter and to hit the first quarter numbers, but let me answer you this way. We are well on track to the $25 million target for the current year. A number of those actions have not only been identified but are already put into place. The only thing that's slightly difficult in the first quarter is tracking how much each one has hit the P&L so far. That will become much easier in the second quarter. And that's simply a function of things like renegotiating vendor contracts or certain other internal practice changes that take some time to flow through our operations and hit the P&L. It's a timing question, that's all. But we are very much on track for the big goals that we've set.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So we should see maybe a more concrete number after the second quarter?
John R. McPherson: I think so. And I think with each quarter succeeding that also.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great. And then just my last question, just for clarification. The $6 million in asset gains, is that part of the $29 million that you had identified as part of your EBITDA?
Donald M. James: It is.
John R. McPherson: Yes, it is.
Donald M. James: That is a -- that's the sale of a parcel of the California real estate. We have another parcel of California real estate for about $23 million in gain, which accounts for the $29 million that's in the $500 million of EBITDA for the year. But those are outside the Planned Assets Sales group because those things were well underway last year.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, that makes sense. And then, I guess just looking at the cash flow statement, there was about $17.9 million in net gain of sale property. Can you just provide a bit more color what that was?
Daniel Sansone: Garik, the biggest piece of that is the cash payment we received on the earn-out from the sale of our chemicals business. That was about $12 million or $13 million that came in the first quarter. Under the accounting rules, the payment of that earn-out gets categorized on the cash flow statement as cash proceeds from the sale of the business even though we actually sold the business in 2005. We have one more year under that earn-out, so there should hopefully be a payment in the first quarter of 2013, then that will go way.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great.
Donald M. James: And that flows through discontinued operations.
Daniel Sansone: The income effect of it flows through discontinued ops.
Donald M. James: It's not in our continuing ops.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rodny Nacier with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Thanks for the update on the federal funding picture. Looking more at the local level, muni bond issues across the state, they increased about 60% in the first quarter. And that was up 100% for transportation. From your perspective, are those capital raises offsetting declines in other revenue sources? Or are they adding to state and local budgets? And when could we see that start to trickle through to your business?
Donald M. James: Well, I think the way many state and local governments, but particularly states, are now funding really critical highway needs are through bond issues. California, obviously, has been doing that for several years now. And as I indicated, our volumes for going into highway construction in California have been strong for several consecutive quarters. As you go state-by-state, I think we are seeing states, in many cases, not all, but in many cases, stepping up to address the lack of certainty in federal funding, and they are doing that through municipal bond issues. As you know, 100% of the proceeds of bond issues have to go to capital projects. They can't be used for operating. So it's virtually all construction. Every dollar from bond issues goes into some form of capital project, the vast majority of that being construction, whether it's highways or water and sewer or transit or public buildings. But that's a very positive sign. Whether -- and I -- you probably see the Rockefeller numbers, but state and local tax receipts, I think, are now back to where they were at the peak of the last cycle, which is helping. That’s certainly -- not every state and local government is that way, but on balance, on average, that's improving. And I think we'll probably see a slightly larger proportion of highway work being funded by state and local sources than we have seen over the last 3 or 4 years.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I mean with some of the strength then that we're seeing just from the state and local funding sources, did it diminish, in your perspective, the lack of agreement coming out of D.C. around the federal funding picture?
Donald M. James: Yes. I think on balance, a driver for many states is that they have needs. And there's not enough money coming out of the federal program to meet those needs, and the states are coming up with their own funding mechanisms, and it's all over the board to try to address the infrastructure needs in those locations, particularly highway congestion and poor highway conditions.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And you mentioned California. And we've seen for several quarters now, you've had some strength in that state. Focusing on your Asphalt business, which I believe is mostly in California as well, you're expecting modest volume growth this year and volumes only grew modestly last year. When can we start to see perhaps some acceleration in demand for your Asphalt business out of California, given some of the strength we've seen on the Aggregates side?
Donald M. James: Well, our Asphalt business in California has continued to grow. It hasn't grown as fast as our Aggregates business, but certainly, it has been growing over time. But the big, as you point out, the big jump in demand has been in Aggregates and -- but a corresponding growth in Asphalt. We have a very good Asphalt business in California. I don't -- we're not projecting a large growth in volume in California this year, but we certainly believe that we will improve our material margins there as our pricing for asphalt mix begins to catch up with the higher costs of liquid asphalt that we have incurred over the past 9 months or so.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I have one last question, then I'll jump back in queue. The $500 million EBITDA number, would that compare to the $46 million adjusted this quarter or the $42 million GAAP?
Donald M. James: I think the $40 million -- yes, if you take the $46 million and add back the $6 million real estate gain, that's in the $500 million.
Daniel Sansone: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens, Inc.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. On Asphalt, your guidance is looking for improved profitability there. Are the price increases in place now to kind of start to kind of catch up with what we've seen in liquid asphalt? Or how quickly should we expect to see kind of pricing catch up there with those costs?
Donald M. James: Well, we, certainly, as we are bidding work and as we have bid work over the last quarter or 2, are certainly taking into account the much higher cost of liquid asphalt. So I think the basic answer to your question is yes, those price increases are in place. Obviously, a lot of asphalt is actually shipped months after it is bid and quoted just because of the sequencing and the duration of large highway projects. But we are, as you know, and Trey, you've followed us for a long time, our material margins in Asphalt tend to shrink as liquid asphalt prices move up. And then as they turn down, our margin, material margins, tend to grow because there's a lag in -- we're paying essentially spot prices for liquid asphalt and we are contracting, in advance, prices for asphalt mix.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Sure, yes. I was just kind of trying to -- for modeling purposes, trying to figure out the best way to kind of approach the -- how that will roll out.
Donald M. James: Well, I think if you look at our full year guidance for our Asphalt business, it's probably -- it just probably takes all that into account, the ebbs and flows of liquid asphalt versus our settling price.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then volumes, Aggregate shipments up 10% in the first quarter. You moved the full year guidance up some, a couple of percentage points I believe, but is it safe to kind of look at 1Q as being, okay, this is a big quarter, there definitely was some weather impact, but as we kind of look into 2Q, you expect improvements but not the type that we saw in the first quarter. And is that going to kind of roll off as the year kind of progresses? Or is that kind of a quick kind of pullback in 2Q as far as the rate of growth?
Donald M. James: Well, let me answer it this way. The first quarter is so much more weather sensitive than Q2 and Q3, and to some extent, more weather sensitive than Q4. We can't quantify what the -- how many tons were sold in the first quarter because of good weather. I mean that's -- we just -- that's really impossible for us to do. We know there was a weather effect. The second fact is that the number of tons in the first quarter is substantially less than the number of tons sold in Q2 and Q3. So a lot fewer tons can account for a 10% bump, whereas when you go in Q2 and Q3, you can have the same earnings impact on a much lower percentage increase in shipments, if you're following where I'm trying to go.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Absolutely.
Donald M. James: And so our full year guidance is 2% to 4% increase in Aggregates shipments, including the 10% we got in the first quarter. But the earnings effect is -- since the tonnage is so much higher in Q2 and Q3, and the leverage we get from even a 2% to 4% volume gain is very significant for us. As you saw, literally, almost 100% of our revenue increase flowed through in gross profit. That's a combination of a lot of things, but we have a lot of leverage to volume and we're looking forward to enjoying that as the year moves forward.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Sure, okay. And my last question is, Don, if I heard you right, I think you said more than half of the -- half of your markets, I guess, realized the price improvements in the quarter. Can you talk, number one, just specifically where you're seeing the most strength? If I missed it, I apologize. And then secondly, is -- you saw more than half with improvements, but your pricing was down a little bit. And you pointed to the Virginia, the more fill material with that large project or projects. But is that -- the strength in those more than half, is that just offsetting the Virginia fill material more or are you -- or is there some markets that are actually seeing some softness in price?
Donald M. James: Well, I think our pricing in Virginia was down. It was in the top 1 or 2 markets in the average selling price being lower, and that was all driven by those sales of what I'll call non-spec product. I think there are 2 points, Trey. One is that the range of increase and decrease is narrowing, meaning there's more stability in pricing, both up and down, across most of our markets, which, on balance, at this point in the cycle, we think is a good thing. Clearly, if we -- if you factor out Virginia and get to neutral, we had as much downside in pricing across some markets as we had in upside. But we think coming out of the first quarter, for us to get to the full year 1 to 3 price improvement, we're going to see price improvement across many of our markets, the majority of our markets. But still, it's an ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter, really month-to-month, on what is shipped. And there are thousands of individual pricing decisions that are made every quarter. We're confident that pricing, overall, will move up instead of down. But there's still -- we need some additional volume growth before we start seeing a significant real price growth. And hopefully, that's coming with improved private sector construction as we look at these contract awards.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I've got a number of questions, if I could. I'll try and limit it, but the first one, just a follow-on from that last answer. I'm looking at the CEMEX numbers today. They reported a 6% increase in Aggregate prices, Q1-on-Q1 last year. I mean, I gather or presume you don't want to give us the detailed pricing by state, but from when you look at that, can you see any reason why they should be so different given they're very California and Florida biased as well?
Donald M. James: Mike, I haven't studied their release yet, but I don't have an answer to your question.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, no worries. My second question, just on the operating leverage, which obviously was very good in Q1 on the Aggregates business, as you said, almost 100%, was any of that benefiting from the fact that some of the stone that was more than 12 months in inventory, some of this base fill, you were able to put through the books at almost nothing? Was that a factor at all in that very high operating leverage in Q1?
Daniel Sansone: Mike, this is Dan. No, that -- the level of that was consistent with prior periods. That has not been -- that was not an issue for us as volumes were declining because we managed our inventories and production rates down accordingly, and we do not expect that to be a distortive impact on the uptick either.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just maybe a final one on Cement, that nobody's talked about yet. I realize it's small, but it was a very good result in Q1. The volumes were particularly high. Were there any exceptionals or one-offs in that?
Donald M. James: I'll let Danny Shepherd take that.
Danny R. Shepherd: Yes. Actually, our sales volumes were up, Mike. But at the same time, we had a good quarter from a cost point of view. And we anticipate our Cement business this year showing improvement, a slight improvement.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Was the plant down for maintenance last year and not down for maintenance this year, for example?
Danny R. Shepherd: It was down partially in the first quarter of last year. This year, we didn't have an outage. But we believe our kilns are well maintained and we’re pleased that we didn't have to take an outage in the first quarter.
Donald M. James: We have built in an outage in our full year projection.
Danny R. Shepherd: We have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Just really one question for today related to your Aggregate margins. Once again, just trying to get a better understanding of how much did volume versus pricing versus cost cutting impact the quarter. I know you addressed some on the cost-cutting side earlier in the call, but maybe a better understanding of what, for the second quarter in a row, is helping to drive margin improvement.
Donald M. James: It is in the operating leverage of our business. That is being able to run our plants at higher volumes really has a significant impact on our productivity, labor productivity, energy productivity. Obviously, selling prices didn't have a positive effect on Aggregates earnings, but costs and so much of cost is tied to volume. I think the volume increase was the real driver for our improved -- and the flow-through of revenue to gross profit.
Daniel Sansone: Kathryn, let me try to just provide a little more color on that. If you look at our variable costs of production in the quarter, they declined as compared -- on a unit basis as compared to our variable costs of production in the first quarter of last year. And as Don mentioned, that was predominantly labor efficiency offsetting diesel fuel. Our cash period costs, and period costs in our way of -- in our terminology is your fixed costs. Those -- the spending at the cash period costs level was flat year-over-year, so we've got 10% additional volume. So that same level of cash spending is being spread over more tons. And if you look at the supplemental schedules, you'll see that our depreciation expense in the various business segments is declining as well. So the dollars of non-cash fixed expense are being -- are not only declining, but being spread over a larger amount of tons. I should also point out that in the quarter, we also reduced our units of Aggregates inventory as well by several million tons. So we got this level of operating leverage on a level of production that was less, that increased less than the increase in the level of sales. So again, I think it's a further illustration of both the disciplined working capital management by our operating guys and the inherent profitability of this business as it comes into recovery.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Of that inventory that was reduced, could you describe, is it more base-type rock or other...
Daniel Sansone: It would be across the board. It would represent the full array of product mix in kind of normal production splits. No single category jumped out.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay. And also in terms of weather certainly has helped the last couple of quarters, how much do you think mild weather has pulled forward demand and what are trends then as we've gone into April? And would that give any indication of a pull forward of demand?
Donald M. James: Kathryn, I don't think we have good metrics on that. It is -- we do believe there was a weather effect in the fourth quarter last year and the first quarter this year. I don't think -- it's too early to say whether it's going to have a chilling effect on second quarter volume at this point. We don't think so because we think the underlying demand is improving, particularly in the private sector. And that's really the reason that volumes are moving up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Judy Merrick: Actually, this is Judy Merrick for Keith. And just to clarify on your EBITDA guidance, you talked about that all excluding the gains from the asset sales. Will you give us any information on the impact of the EBITDA contribution from these asset sales? Or what sort of matter -- the mix of what's real estate and what's not going forward?
Donald M. James: The EBITDA contribution from asset sales would vary greatly depending upon what we sell. And so for -- and as Danny Shepherd and others have talked about previously, we have a large portfolio of assets that we would be willing to sell. We are really looking for the right buyer at the right price. You saw that our ready-mixed business in the quarter, I think, operated at a $12 million loss. So if we sell ready-mixed assets, we could get a double pickup on EBITDA. That is by avoiding loss, as well as if we have a gain on sale. So it's too early for us to give you predictions as to that, but we will certainly give you, as transactions close, we will give you the specifics of the EBITDA and EPS impact of those transactions, as we do with our routine real estate transactions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just quickly on California as a follow-up to a previous question. But how much of that improvement you're seeing as there is being driven by highway sort of infrastructure work versus private sector activities?
Donald M. James: I think most of it is highways. But our volumes in California are up substantially and have been for the last year or so, and it's largely highways.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. So still waiting for that next leg on the private sector?
Donald M. James: Yes.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then I apologize if you've answered this before. But on the portfolio of sort of Planned Asset Sales that you have, when that's completed, should that change how we sort of currently think about your more key states and exposure?
Donald M. James: To the extent we sell ready-mixed assets, it could reduce the revenue from large states. If, for example, we sold some Concrete assets in California, since Concrete sells for a much higher unit price than Aggregates, yes, it could change the revenue. But that's really not important as to our market presence and our market penetration. We would continue to sell Aggregates to Concrete if we sold the Concrete. And our profitability per dollar revenue would be enhanced, if that gets to your question.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: That's what I needed.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Don James for any closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan. As I indicated, we look forward to updating you with our progress in our earnings improvement as we go forward, and particularly, to updating you with respect to our Profit Enhancement Plan, as well as our Planned Asset Sales as we move forward through the course of the year. Thank you so much and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John R. McPherson - Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development
Analysts: Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. B.G. Dickey - Stephens Inc., Research Division L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Vulcan Materials Company Earnings Conference Call. My name is Larry, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO of Vulcan Materials Company. Please proceed.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter of 2011. We have posted to our website a few slides on our Profit Enhancement Plan and our planned asset sales that we announced today. These slides are also available to those of you on the webcast, and we'll be talking about those slides in a few minutes. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President for Construction Materials; John Mcpherson, our Senior Vice President for Strategy and Business Development. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call, as indicated on Slide 2 of our presentation, contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risk and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. First, I want to take you through some key financial highlights from the fourth quarter and full year 2011. As you saw in our press release, we had significantly improved results in the fourth quarter. Earnings from continuing operations were a loss of $0.20 per share in the fourth quarter compared to a loss of $0.36 per share in the fourth quarter of 2010. This year's results include $0.05 per share related to the organizational restructuring costs and $0.01 per share related to the unsolicited exchange offer by Martin Marietta. Excluding those charges, fourth quarter 2011 results were a loss of $0.14 per share compared to a loss of $0.36 per share in the prior quarter. Net sales for the quarter were $578 million, which is 5% increase from the fourth quarter of last year. Gross profit in the fourth quarter was $74 million, an increase of $24 million or 47% from last year's fourth quarter. Gross margin as a percent of net sales increased 360 basis points, largely due to strong results in our aggregate segment. Our aggregate segment results demonstrate the impact of our effective cost controls and operating leverage.  Net sales increased $16 million or 4% from the prior year. Aggregates gross profit increased by $22 million or 37%, reflecting the strength of our operating leverage. Gross profit margins increased 500 basis points as a result of higher pricing and lower unit cost. Unit gross profit was up 34% to $2.29 per ton.  Aggregates shipments increased 3% in the fourth quarter compared to the year-ago period, due mostly to increases in shipments in California and the mid-Atlantic markets. Shipments in California and the mid-Atlantic were up 40% and 19%, respectively, versus last year. These increases are due primarily to large infrastructure project work, as well as favorable weather conditions. Average freight-adjusted selling price increased by 1% in the fourth quarter due to improvements across a number of markets particularly in Florida, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Labor productivity and energy efficiency, which are both key operating measures for us, also improved versus the prior year's fourth quarter, helping to offset a 25% increase in the unit cost for diesel fuel. Fourth quarter earnings in Asphalt were $5 million versus $8 million last year. This year-over-year decline in earnings was due primarily to higher liquid asphalt cost. The average sales price for asphalt mix increased approximately 9%, offsetting most of the earnings effect of the 16% increase in liquid asphalt cost. Asphalt mix volume decreased 1% from the prior year's fourth quarter. The Concrete segment reported a $2 million improvement to a loss of $11 million in the fourth quarter compared to a loss of $13 million in the prior period. Volumes were flat with the prior year's fourth quarter. The average sales price increased 5%, contributing to improved unit materials margins, despite higher unit costs for us in Aggregates. Finally, Cement segment earnings in the fourth quarter were $1 million, an improvement of $2 million from the prior year due to increased volume and lower operating cost. Our EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2011 was $97 million, excluding restructuring charges and the expenses related to the Martin Marietta exchange offer compared to $65 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Fourth quarter SAG expenses were $8 million lower compared to the prior year, a decrease of 10%. This is a result of our cost initiatives and decreased spending on our new ERP and Shared Services platform, which I will discuss in a moment. Importantly, this $8 million decrease does not include the additional benefits from the restructuring we announced in December of 2011 and have now implemented. EBITDA for the year was $425 million, including $87 million related to gains from the sale of nonstrategic assets and the legal settlement and also, including $15 million in expenses related to restructuring and the Martin Marietta exchange offer. Our SAG expenses for the year decreased by $38 million or 11% compared to the prior year period, primarily a result of our ongoing focus on reducing cost. In 2011, our Aggregate segment maintained a high level of profitability, generating cash earnings of $4.08 per ton compared to $4.15 in 2010. All key labor and energy efficiency metrics for aggregates improved for the full year from the prior year and helped offset some of the 35% increase in the unit cost for diesel fuel. Throughout the year, we continued our disciplined approach to working capital management. As a result, our cash conversion cycle remained in line with 2010 levels despite a challenging business environment for Vulcan and its customers.  As many of you know, on December 9, our board approved a plan that we had developed during the course of 2011, which consolidates our organization from 8 divisions into 4 regions and streamlines our management structure. In addition to reducing overhead costs and increasing efficiency, the new organizational structure confirms our longstanding commitment to decentralize management of sales and productions. This allows us to maintain close relationships with our customers in our local markets.  I am pleased that we have substantially completed the restructuring, and along with other cost reductions carried out earlier in 2011, have now captured $55 million in run rate overhead reductions. I should note that a key factor in our ability to implement the restructuring and to do it so quickly is our new ERP and Shared Services platforms.  As you know, we initiated the ERP project in November 2007 to create a common platform for all systems that support our businesses and have now completed all the major milestones for the project. The collection of systems and new processes has allowed us to make substantial reductions in SAG and will support the pursuit of increased efficiency going forward with our Profit Enhancement Plan. Turning now to Slide 4. Today, we announced a new initiative in our ongoing efforts to accelerate earnings growth and enhance our credit profile. The initiative has 2 parts: a Profit Enhancement Plan and planned asset sales. The Profit Enhancement Plan includes cost reduction and other profit enhancements to improve our run rate profitability, as measured by EBITDA, at current volumes by more than $100 million annually. We expect to achieve the full run rate by 2014. The second part of the initiative we announced today is planned asset sales. We are targeting $500 million in net proceeds from these sales. These are good assets, which should have significant value to a number of potential purchasers. These planned asset sales will be made from a larger portfolio of assets that are not central to the company's strategy as the leading aggregates producer in the fastest growing regions and urban markets in the United States. These actions will enable us to generate higher levels of earnings and cash flow, strengthen our credit profile and give our board flexibility to restore competitive dividend. Turning now to Slide 5. This shows the actions included in the Profit Enhancement Plan. These profit enhancements will be in addition to the $55 million in run rate overhead reductions already achieved, which are shown on the left of the slide and/or a logical continuation of the efforts done a year ago in early 2011.  Specifically, we will drive improved profitability through leveraging Vulcan's already robust procurement practices to capture significant incremental savings in production, technology, transportation, logistics and other capital spending. Of the $100 million in Profit Enhancements, $25 million will be achieved in 2012, $75 million will be achieved in 2013 and the full $100 million will be achieved in 2014. The timing of the Profit Enhancement Plan is driven by several important catalysts. First, since initiating the project in 2007, we have invested $62 million in implementing our new Oracle-based ERP and Shared Services platforms. This investment will be substantially complete in 2012, and we are now beginning to reap the benefits of these new platforms. These platforms will help us streamline processes enterprise-wide and standardize administrative and support function while providing enhanced flexibility to monitor and control cost. Second was the completion of our restructuring, which included the consolidation of the company's management structure, which enables us to implement best practices efficiently across the organization. This initiative has been led by Danny Shepherd who was promoted to Executive Vice President of Construction Materials in January 2011; and John Mcpherson, our Senior Vice President for Strategy and Business Development, who joined us in October of 2011. John has over 15 years of experience with realigning and restructuring corporate organizations and cost structures. Danny Shepherd and John Mcpherson will lead the execution of the Profit Enhancement Plan.  Importantly, we've been engaged in dialogue with our shareholders and understand their concerns over the last few years related to our balance sheet and to our overhead cost structure. Now that our new ERP and Shared Services platforms are in place and the spending on those projects is now largely behind us and now that our restructuring announced in 2011 has been accomplished, we are focused on the profit enhancement actions announced today to help us address those concerns. Slide 6 provides additional information on how we get to the $100 million of profit enhancements: $75 million is from savings we will capture by leveraging our already robust procurement process to additional areas in production, technology, transportation and logistics; $25 million is by improving the efficiency of support functions, standardizing and simplifying workflows by fully leveraging Vulcan Shared Services structure and by retiring our legacy IT systems. Together, these actions will improve our profitability at current volumes and further enhance the company's already strong operating leverage. We estimate that the $55 million of run rate overhead reduction already in place, plus the Profit Enhancement Plan, as well as our ongoing cost actions in price leadership, will enable the company to generate EBITDA equal to our historical peak levels at volumes 25% lower than the historical peak. As we mentioned earlier, our SAG expenses for the year decreased by $38 million or 11% compared to the prior year. Going forward, we expect SAG costs to be approximately $270 million for the full year 2012. Turning now to Slide 7. The second part of the initiative we announced today is planned asset sales. This slide summarizes how this planned action reinforces our strategic focus. We will be selling assets that are not core to our strategy as the leading aggregates producer in the fastest growing regions and urban markets in the U.S.  The assets we expect to be divesting will be selected from among our ready-mix concrete and cement operations, which will increase our focus on our core Aggregates business and reduce our exposure to lower margin downstream market -- downstream products in some markets. It will also come from our surplus real estate parcels, allowing us to unlock the value of excess land in our portfolio. And also from certain aggregate assets that generate lower returns, allowing us to maintain our focus on higher growth markets. Again, these are valuable assets that are not central to our strategy. We expect the divestitures will provide net proceeds of approximately $500 million. We will use the proceeds to reduce debt, improving our overall credit profile. We will focus on optimizing the value of these assets as a disciplined seller in a disciplined process by divesting these assets over the next 12 to 18 months. Importantly, these actions will also enhance our longer-term earnings growth profile, margins and return on capital employed.  We have a long history of continuously attempting to improve our product and geographic portfolio of assets and pursuing our strategy of being a leading aggregates producer in the higher growth markets in the U.S. In pursuit of this strategy, in 2011, we sold 4 quarries in northern Indiana. We divested ready-mix assets in Arizona and New Mexico and completed a swap transaction that enabled us to redeploy capital to more attractive businesses and markets. We also continued the sale of surplus real estate in California and other regions. Moving on to our outlook for 2012. Slide 8 presents our objectives. In Aggregates, we expect price growth of 2% to 4% and same-store volume growth of 2% to 3%. We expect SAG costs, as I said, to be approximately $270 million for the full year in 2012. Finally, we expect 2012 EBITDA of approximately $500 million, including $25 million from the Profit Enhancement Plan and including impacts from the planned asset sales and the unsolicited exchange offer. We expect our full year segment earnings for each product line to improve in 2012. In Aggregates, the modest increase in volume and in freight-adjusted selling pricing should help improve earnings during the year. In terms of Asphalt earnings, we expect an increase as a result of higher pricing and modest growth in volumes. Ready-mix concrete pricing should also continue to improve, and we expect shipments to be roughly flat with last year. We also expect Cement earnings to approach breakeven levels in 2012. We also expect energy costs, specifically diesel fuel and liquid asphalt, to approximate the full year levels of 2011. As you know, we have a long record of paying competitive dividends. The actions announced today will provide our Board of Directors with flexibility to restore competitive dividends. Finally, capital spending in 2012 should be approximately $100 million.  Now just briefly, I want to share our perspectives on the market. Overall, we think it's prudent to take a conservative view of the market given the gradual pace of recovery so far. That being said, we are encouraged with recent developments on a number of fronts. We have seen a rising level of support in Washington for meaningful legislation to address the nation's crumbling infrastructure as President Obama described the situation in his State of the Union address.  The President singled out the vital importance of rebuilding our infrastructure as a way to grow the economy and restore jobs. The President's budget proposal, released Monday, calls for a 6-year transportation infrastructure investment of $476 billion, with $305 billion of that amount for the federal highway program and an additional $50 billion investment in FY '12 to inject funds in the transportation programs now.  The President is also continuing to call on Congress to pass a new multiyear transportation bill. Such bills have tended to pass when presidents are strong advocates and when congressional leadership rolls up its sleeves and gets to work. That is what is happening now in Congress where we have seen a number of positive developments over the last year.  The 6-month highway funding extension signed in September 2011 include annualized contract authority essentially in line with the 2011 funding level. Notably, leaders in Congress from both parties have ended up working together over the last year to maintain highway funding at or very near current levels at a time of dramatic proposed cuts in many other areas of the federal budget. The first appropriation bills for FY '12, which Congress passed in November of '11, included FY '12 appropriations for highways at $41 billion, essentially even with the last 2 fiscal year funding levels, underscoring the agreement reached by both House and Senate, Republican and Democratic leadership that the highway funding for the new fiscal year would not be reduced. This is quite a change from early and mid-2011 when some House Republicans were aggressively advocating cuts of up to 35% to the federal highway program. I am proud of the leading role our company has played in helping bring about this change, holding personal meetings with Republican leadership and key conservatives in Congress throughout the spring and summer, demonstrating the devastating impacts on the economy of their states as such cuts were implemented and testifying for the Senate Environmental and Public Works Committee and in meeting altogether with more than 200 members of Congress and staff over the year. In addition, our employees have made more than 6,000 grassroots contacts with members of the Congress during the year, emphasizing the importance of maintaining current highway funding levels while Congress work toward ultimate passage of a new multiyear bill. Both Senate and House leaders made it clear in the fall of 2011 that they intended to move a highway bill in 2012. This week, both Chambers of Congress began debating their surface transportation bills on the floor of the House and the Senate and are set for continuing work on their respective bills following the President's Day recess next week.  As I'm sure you noted, the Senate bill was reported out of the Environmental and Public Works Committee in a bipartisan 18 to 0 vote. Last Thursday, the Senate voted 85 to 11 to proceed with consideration of the Senate surface transportation bill. And as I said, it is on the floor of the Senate even as we speak.  This is real progress. Even if the 2 chambers do not vote pass and then successfully conference a highway bill before the expiration of the current extension, we have seen more progress in the last 6 months than at any time since the expiration of the SAFETEA-LU in 2009 and the stage is set for ultimate passage of a bill. In the meantime, Congress has created a clear path to level consistent funding with its 2012 appropriation for federal highways. Moving now to private construction. While overall private construction has remained at historically low levels, there are some indications of improvement in certain categories. In residential construction, single-family housing starts remain at historically low levels. Multifamily starts, on the other hand, have increased sharply throughout 2011.  Private nonresidential construction has also remained at low levels. However, trailing 12-month contract awards are up across the U.S. for the fourth quarter in a row. The growth in contract awards in the manufacturing sector has remained strong since late last year and awards for new projects in the categories of retail and office buildings have increased modestly for the third consecutive quarter. While the recent growth in contract awards is encouraging, we believe employment growth, as well as an increase in business investment and lending activity, is necessary to sustain a recovery in nonresidential construction activity. Finally, I wanted to take a moment to briefly discuss Martin Marietta's unsolicited exchange offer. As you know, on December 12, Martin Marietta commenced an unsolicited exchange offer to acquire all outstanding common shares of our company at a fixed exchange ratio of 0.5 shares of Martin Marietta common stock for each share of Vulcan common stock. After a very thorough and careful review, and in consultation with our independent financial and legal advisors, our Board of Directors unanimously determined that the Martin Marietta exchange offer is inadequate and not in the best interest of our company and our shareholders.  Among the reasons our board rejected this offer are that it substantially undervalues Vulcan. It fails to compensate Vulcan shareholders for our stronger operating leverage and our asset portfolio, and it would not enhance shareholder value. In fact, we believe that Vulcan shareholders have more upside on a standalone basis. Since making its offer, Martin Marietta has not provided any new information to change our view. Accordingly, we continue to recommend that shareholders not tender any shares to Martin Marietta. We remain focused on accelerating our profit growth by further improving our operating leverage, reducing overhead cost, strengthening our credit profile, all of which will allow our board to restore a meaningful dividend.  Our leadership team is stronger and more focused than ever and committed to creating value for our shareholders. I know there will be some questions on the Martin Marietta offer, but we hope that you focus on our improved overall results, our outlook for 2012 and the exciting new initiatives we announced today, which is our primary focus. With that, I will now turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall, RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to talk about the cost saving announcements. How should we think about the $55 million in savings that's been achieved and the $100 million that comes after that? And just for model purposes, are these going to be discrete measures that you've taken or is this more of a continuous process? And what can you tell us about the timing and the source of the savings?
Donald M. James: Bob, the $55 million is fully in place. It includes $25 million that we took out during the course of 2011 and an additional $30 million on the restructuring that was announced in December, which will be essentially fully in place by the end of this month, so that is a separate number. That includes -- it's virtually all overhead, including both SAG categories and general production overhead categories. The $100 million in profit improvement comes from a significantly different focus. It is leveraging the opportunities we have with our new ERP and Shared Services program and extending and leveraging our existing procurement program to additional goods and services over a broad range of activities. We expect to get $25 million of earnings or EBITDA in 2012 from this project, an additional $75 million in 2013 and the full $100 million by 2014. All of that is incremental to the $55 million of overhead reductions already in place.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's very, very helpful. Just one other question. You are talking about, and I just want to make sure my math is right, getting to EBITDA of $1.3 billion based on 225 million tons annually. Can you comment on your degree of conviction that you can actually get that much EBITDA if you get to 225 million tons? And in tandem with that, can you give us a better idea of cash margin per ton versus where you are compared to the last cycle on the upside?
Donald M. James: With respect to the getting back to peak EBITDA levels, given our enhanced profitability in our Aggregates business since the peak of the last cycle, I think we are about $0.85 per ton in cash margin above where we were at the peak of the last cycle. With the Profit Enhancement Plan we've announced today and with continuing improvement in our Aggregates business and some improvement in our other segments, we are confident that we can get our peak EBITDA levels at 25% below the peak volume levels that we experienced in the 2005, 2006 timeframe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace of Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: The first thing I was just hoping to ask is on the underlying profitability of the Aggregates business. Don, I think in your numbers you outlined revenues up 16, profits were up something like 22. It looked like pricing was probably $4 million. But could you give us a bridge to kind of how you got to those incrementals and how we should think about that for 2012?
Donald M. James: We had, as I indicated, substantial improvement in all of our productivity measures, labor, every productivity. We track, 8 or 10 key operating metrics at all of our plants, and we improved every one of them. I will also say, and though it doesn't directly go to margin improvement, our safety, health and environmental performance at our plants reached record levels. We had the best year in history in the safety performance at our plants and the environmental performance at our plants, all of which works together. The earnings improvement was the pickup of 3% volume in the quarter really helped move the needle. We have so much leverage to volume that even modest increases in volume really help drive earnings, along with the improved efficiencies that we had throughout our system.
Daniel Sansone: Ted, this is Dan. There was also a reference in the press release to about $7 million of certain charges that were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2010 that didn't reappear in the fourth quarter of 2011. So about $7 million of that earnings bridge is the absence of some of those somewhat unusual items that burdened the last year's -- or 2010's fourth quarter numbers as well, and those were mainly inventory adjustments and things like that.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then, on this topic, we would normally talk about kind of 60% flow-through rates in Aggregate; clearly a much better performance this quarter. Are you revising kind of what we should think about coming from normalized incremental as we get the volume?
Donald M. James: I don't think so, Ted. I think we've said that's -- putting aside the Profit Enhancement Plan, but looking at -- we've always said the 60% flow-through, you have to look at over the course of a full year, individual quarters are going to move up and down. But I think the Profit Enhancement Plan can expand that. But on a regular basis, I don't -- I wouldn't expand other than as you build the Profit Enhancement Plan into those models.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then the second one that I just wanted to touch on quickly is, and there are sure to be a lot of other questions on this, on the divestitures. Don, you said kind of ready-mix concrete, then cements, then downstream -- I'm sorry, surplus real estate and then aggregates after it. Is that the order in which we should think about the prioritization of monetizing these assets?
Donald M. James: Ted, we have a basket of assets we would consider selling. We don't need to sell the whole basket. We can sell a subset of the basket. We are looking for the best values for our company to achieve the best prices and the best impact on our bottom line. So we will look at various assets across that spectrum, and determine where we ought to move forward.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned that could enhance, I think, earnings and cash flow and the turns. Could you give us a sense for what the EBITDA contribution might be for -- just to think about what the hit would be on the P&L side if you were to sell $500 million of assets? And then I'll jump back in queue.
Donald M. James: Well, as you can tell, our Concrete segment as a whole has negative earnings. Our Cement segment is close to breakeven. Our excess land doesn't generate earnings. It has some marginal carrying costs in terms of taxes and other things. We don't -- it really -- the answer to your question depends on the basket -- which of the basket of assets we ultimately end up selling. It could be positive; it could be negative; it could be neutral. We are really looking for the best deals we can find. So I don't think we have an assessment of that at this point.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So to arrive at the $500 million of value, I'm just curious kind of what metrics will you be based off of. I mean, land has an intrinsic value. You’ve got to look at the full cycle profitability of a concrete plant. But I'm just wondering how do we get to $500 million in value of those assets, given the cash profile -- the earnings profile.
Donald M. James: Well there are, as I said, a much larger value of assets than $500 million that we will consider. Our valuations are always based on discounted cash flows over a period of years. And that's the basis that we will go forward. We believe there are some assets in our portfolio that are probably significantly more valuable to other people than they are to us, because they would have synergies. For example, someone with excess cement capacity might be very interested in additional concrete assets. That's just one example.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois of Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: First question is on your $500 million EBITDA guidance for 2012. I'm just wondering if you can help us understand what the volume guidance we should be using in that forecast? Is it the, like-for-like volume guidance? Or is it the total of volume guidance x assumed asset sales?
Donald M. James: Well, the total volume change in our projection from '11 to '12 for Aggregates is 1% to 2%. On a same-store basis, as I said, that's 2% to 3%. So if you want to take 2011 volumes, add 1% to 2%, that's where we are. The aggregates we divested in 2011 versus the aggregates that we acquired in 2011, the aggregates we acquired are somewhat higher margin than the aggregates we divested. So there's some margin improvement impact to the shift from -- shift in markets in those transactions.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks for clearing that up. And just 2 questions on the Profit Enhancement Plan. Just first off, are there any new incremental costs associated with implementing the plan? Or is it mainly just reaping the benefits from some of the initiatives you've undertaken over the last couple of years rolling off?
Donald M. James: I think the vast majority of what we expect will be -- and the numbers we've given you are net numbers. The $25 million improvement in 2012 is a net number. That is benefits minus cost. There will be some cost associated with it. John Mcpherson is here. John, do you have additional comments?
John R. McPherson: The thing to highlight is the $25 million of impact in '12 is net of cost in our forecast, and we do not expect major capital investments associated with the profit improvement.
Donald M. James: Okay. Those are largely behind us, both the cost and expense of getting there are largely behind us with ERP platform and the Shared Services platforms and the existing procurement platform. Not many of you followed us back in 1996 and 1997, but we reengineered our entire procurement process then; brought it up to a state-of-the-art process at that point. We will continue to update that and expand it, and that will help us significantly in Profit Enhancement Plan.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then the $75 million in improvement in cost of goods sold, I was wondering if you could break it down by segment, if you could give us some color how much is coming out of aggregates versus asphalt and ready-mixed cement.
Donald M. James: I'm not sure. What $75 million?
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: On Slide 6.
Daniel Sansone: $75 million, Gary, is the 2013 impact.
Donald M. James: Yes. The $75 million, that is largely procurement.
John R. McPherson: He’s asking volume. I think that's my product lines. I would say roughly proportional to sales and size for the segments.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, that's what I was looking for. And then just one more question on the dividend. You mentioned that the board is looking to reinstate a competitive dividend. So I was just wondering, Don, if you could just give us some color. What are some metrics that the board's going to look for to determine that indeed a higher dividend makes sense and maybe the timeframe in which we could look forward to perhaps a higher dividend coming back?
Donald M. James: Our board has always looked at cash earnings as a source for dividend payments. That is a very, very important issue for our board. We would very much like to get -- restore a dividend and continue to grow a dividend. We will take a look at that at the end of the first quarter. Again, we looked at it very carefully. As you know, in the fourth quarter of last year, we looked at it again in our most recent board meeting, and we'll continue to look at it very carefully as we move forward. But I think our board's view is we need to restore it sooner rather than later.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: And just as a follow-up to that. It wouldn't necessarily come after the debt repayment program as a result of the asset sales? It doesn't have to mutually exclusive from that?
Donald M. James: That is correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Jack Kasprzak of BB&T.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Just back to the asset sales quickly, covered a lot of that. But I guess I wanted to ask, there are other announcements out about asset sales, notably CEMEX saying they might want to sell $2 billion by the end of this year. I mean, have you guys gotten – are you to the point where you've gotten a feel from the market? I mean, given the level of competition out there, how confident can you be that you'll get the value it – types of valuations that underpin that $500 million estimate?
Donald M. James: Jack, I think every asset we have in our basket, we have had people asking us to buy those over the last 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 years. So there's plenty of interest in them. I don't know where and what CEMEX is proposing to sell. But we believe that there will be significant buyers with, hopefully, significant synergies who will be interested in our assets that we have in our planned asset sales.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. The California volume increase is noteworthy to be sure, and you mentioned infrastructure projects. But is there anything else going on out in California that you -- that might be underpinning that sort of volume change? We've obviously had good weather here lately, but do you see any other signs of life out there in that market given it's so important to you, guys?
Donald M. James: California has a very robust highway program, and we are benefiting from that significantly. Other volumes in California have stabilized. The private sector volumes have stabilized albeit at low levels. But the big driver in California is highways. A lot of people don't really understand that or don't want to believe it because what they read about California's budget, there’s a very robust highway program going on out there. We're benefiting from it substantially.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Is this true that their awards were up last year while the market was down, so that...
Donald M. James: And we get the benefits, Jack, of both aggregates and asphalt and to some limited extent in concrete in the infrastructure of the highway program in California. So we get the leverage from both asphalt, as well as aggregates.
John F. Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And on residential construction, obviously bumping along low levels there, too. But in the last 2 or 3 months starts have picked up, mostly that's multifamily. But if you look at some of the homebuilder orders lately, they've been pretty good. Are you guys seeing builders move dirt and start to use aggregates again?
Donald M. James: A little bit. The big bump is in multifamily. While our outlook for U.S. starts, housing starts for 2012 is about 714, about 488 of that is single-family starts, which is a very low number. As you know, multifamily has been the driver, and the multifamily is consuming heavy construction materials because it's not being built on existing developed lots. There's a little bit of lot development, but there's still a big inventory of developed lots. They may not be in the right place for homebuilders but – and so there is some incremental lot development, but it's still modest.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Betts of Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two questions, if I could, Don. Firstly, just on Q4, plus 3% on aggregate volumes. You highlight the big increases in California and the mid-Atlantic. Presumably, there were some regions where the volumes were down significantly. I mean, where were they is my question and is it primarily caused by weather? And then secondly, the thing that intrigued me on Slide 6, you have Plant Operations, Additional Opportunity. Is this just additional opportunity because you still could work it through? Or I mean, is that potentially a significant area of further profit enhancement?
Donald M. James: Mike, in terms of volumes, you are correct. Volumes from state to state and market to market varied significantly across our footprint from in the quarter, down 13% to, we said, up 40%. So it's very market-specific volume. And again, it's the fourth quarter and you can't -- the fourth quarter is so heavily influenced by weather. I think we had good weather in a lot of the eastern and southeastern U.S., which probably had some influence on volume. But there was a lot of work in infrastructure, particularly in highways, that we enjoyed in the quarter. Your second question was -- could you repeat that please?
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. On Slide 6 where it talks about the Profit Enhancement Plan. It has Plants Operationals, Additional Opportunity. I'm trying to work out whether you’re just kind of still working on that, whether it's just a small opportunity or whether potentially there are maybe tens of millions more to come from that.
Donald M. James: Well, that is certainly something we are working hard on and we'll pursue. We are not in a position to quantify a number there yet. As you know, if you have looked at our recent debt, our margin per ton and cost per ton, our margin per ton is substantially higher than our chief competitor and our cost per ton is substantially lower. We do think we've got opportunity for continued improvement. We'll get there, but I think we are more confident and have done more work to date on the other categories, but that doesn't mean we're not going to be pursuing improvement there. We have improvement in our Aggregates business built into our 2012 EBITDA projection. Some of that is price, a little bit is volume and a little bit is cost improvement. What we get in this project would be in addition to what we have built into our 2012 outlook, but we will update you on that as we go quarter-by-quarter through 2012.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one final question, Don, if I could. You talked about ready-mix operations, maybe that would interesting to others who had cement. I mean, how much of your ready-mix is not vertically integrated?
Donald M. James: How much of our concrete or cement?
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Donald M. James: Well, our concrete, we don't have cement in California. As I said, we have divested our concrete in Arizona and New Mexico. We do not have cement in Texas. We don't have cement in Maryland, Virginia and Washington D.C. The concrete we have in Florida and Georgia can be served by our cement plan in north Florida. We do have some cement swaps in place, but a significant portion of our concrete is not supplied directly at least by Vulcan cement.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So of the 4 million cubic yards, at least 3 of that wouldn't be supplied internally?
Donald M. James: I don't have that number in front of me, but that's in the ballpark. We have some very good concrete businesses that we don't supply with cement. We do supply the vast majority of our Concrete businesses with our own aggregates, and that will be a key issue for us in determining selling these assets is that we preserve the ability to supply the aggregates to the concrete businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Two questions, and this is more operational-focused. When you look at your Aggregate margins in the fourth quarter, how much of the improvement were the result of your cost cutting initiatives, both that were ongoing and that were announced, versus better volumes and/or pricing? I'm not necessarily looking for specific dollar amount, but even on a percentage basis, broad buckets, whether it be half is cost cutting and half is other. But giving some clarity with that in Q4, theoretically should give some visibility on how we should think about it when modeling going forward.
Donald M. James: Kathryn, the majority of the improvement is as a result of operating leverage from the 3% higher volume, a little bit of price improvement and very good productivity efficiencies, both labor, fuel, explosives, other energy, electricity, not much from the overhead cost reduction that was in the fourth quarter aggregates improvement. Certainly, as we go forward, the $56 million of run rate -- $55 million of run rate, some of that will flow through and help aggregates. But I think fourth quarter was really operating leverage more than anything else.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay, great. When you look, obviously, there's been some mild weather that’s helped a variety of different building materials and building product companies. How have your volumes trended in January and February? How much is this winter’s mild weather helping to drive demand? And your experience in the past, when you've had milder weather in the winter, does that really pull forward much demand? So if you could really kind of reach back to prior years in operating, first answering how volumes trended in January, February. How much weather’s been an impact and then in the past how much has mild weather really pulled forward demand from the spring?
Donald M. James: Certainly, in the end of the fourth quarter, we had favorable weather in a number of our markets. Our shipments were very strong in the latter part of the fourth quarter. Without being specific, that shipment trend has continued. How much of it is weather and how much of it is improvement in demand is always problematic to determine. But we are pleased with the 3% volume growth we had in the fourth quarter. And as we've indicated, we expect 2% to 3% volume growth for full year '12 on a same-store basis. How much pull forward there is or is not is very difficult for us to determine at this point.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: What about in just looking at prior years, because -- putting this into perspective, there have been some contacts that said, "Listen, when you have very cold weather, a lot of the volume is just lost." And by the same token, with mild weather, it doesn't necessarily represent as much lost volume as you would think. It's really -- I'm just looking, in your stand...
Donald M. James: We don't think good weather in the first quarter is going to change the total demand outlook for full year 2012. It may move some volume around from one month to the next or from one quarter to the next, but it really is not going to be a factor. First quarter weather is not going to be a factor in full year demand. Sometimes fourth quarter…
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms of Stephens Inc.
B.G. Dickey - Stephens Inc., Research Division: This is actually B.G. Dickey sitting in for Trey. I'm just wondering if you guys could quickly go through some of your end markets and give us some idea of kind of what level of growth you're expecting in each in 2012. Just trying to get a sense of what's driving the volume growth expectation in aggregates in '12.
Donald M. James: As we look at our end markets, and these are Vulcan-served counties, at a macro level, we have highways -- shipments in the highways, and this is not Vulcan specific. This is demand in our end markets. Highway's down about 3%; housing, up 15%, but the vast majority of that being multifamily; non-res being up about 3%; infrastructure being down about 2%. And if you roll all that up, that's about a 1% to 2% increase in volume -- aggregate volume in our served markets. That doesn't say anything about market share or ability to serve particular projects or whether -- who will get the work and who has advantages and disadvantages based on the where it may be. But from a macro standpoint, that's our current outlook.
B.G. Dickey - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just switching to pricing, aggregate pricing expectations. Your guidance, again, calls, I believe, for 2% to 4%.
Donald M. James: That's correct.
B.G. Dickey - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Can you give us an idea kind of which markets that you serve you're expecting the highest growth? Or is this just more just kind of broad spread that you think it will be equal across all?
Donald M. James: I can assure you, it won't be equal across all markets. It never is and probably never will be. Some of it -- we pointed out in our comments, some of our strongest pricing in the fourth quarter came from Florida. We also had good pricing in the other markets I called out: Virginia, Texas, and Tennessee. So those are markets that were strong in the fourth quarter. As we look forward to 2012, those same markets seem to be relatively stronger, some shift, but both Florida and Texas should be good along with Tennessee. And perhaps some other markets, but we'll report on that as we go through the year.
B.G. Dickey - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, you guys gave a lot of color and detail around -- in your prepared comments around the multiyear highway bill. And just very simply, I mean, can you guys handicap probability as far as actually thinking that a multiyear deal actually gets done for November? Or is it anybody's guess still?
Donald M. James: Well, I think the most important point is the commitment, we think, of both Houses and the administration that highway funding will be maintained under whatever legislative structure at the 41-ish kind of annual number. That's the most, I think, encouraging and the thing that we have the most confidence in, that we're going to see a continuation of highway funding whether by continuing the resolution or by a Senate bill or House bill. We think the funding levels through 2012 will remain at essentially current levels. Senate bill adds a little for inflation. So if the Senate bill were to pass, and be passed by the House as well, then there could be a slight uptick. We do not see the risk of cuts that we saw a year ago. I think the Senate bill has the best chance of passage. But to handicap it, it's very hard to say that we have high confidence that a multiyear bill will be passed by March 31. There certainly is a possibly, but I think the more important point is we do not see a scenario in which federal highway funding will be reduced.
B.G. Dickey - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And do you have a preference on the 2-year bill versus the 5- or 6-year bill as far as -- like you're saying a Senate bill may be more dollars but it was generally our understanding that you would prefer more extensive bill in terms of years. What are your thoughts on that?
Donald M. James: Well the best proposal out there is the President's budget, which has like $51 billion per year for 6 years, plus $50 billion on top of that. Whether that has any political viability or not depends on who you talk to. But certainly, the Senate bill, I think having some certainty for 2 years or 1.5 years, as it will be by the time it would pass, is beneficial to state DOTs. But as long as there continues to be stable funding and an outlook for stable funding, I think that would be helpful. Obviously, we'd much rather have a 5- or 6-year bill. But at this point, I think that's problematic in being able to identify the funding source. As you know, the house is talking about oil and gas revenues from federal lands being dedicated to the Highway Trust Fund. We'd love to see that happen. That's got a lot of political angst associated with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil of Sterne Agee.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Don, we're just talking about getting back to the peak levels of EBITDA on 25% fewer volumes. I'm just a little -- I just want to make sure I'm thinking around the Florida Rock deal well enough. What volume and EBITDA levels are those that you're thinking of?
Donald M. James: The EBITDA is about 1.35, 1.3, 1.35. The aggregate volume levels were about $294 million.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it, perfect. And a lot of the rest of stuff that I had has come and gone. But on diesel, can you share with us what the cost and the gallons were in the fourth quarter and for the year?
Donald M. James: Yes. For the full year, Todd -- and our cost for diesel fuel is a blend of off-road and on-road, which is different than some other folks. We burn on-road diesel in our ready-mix operations as well as our trucking operations in Texas and Illinois. Our average cost, as we said for 2011, was up about 35.4% over 2010. And the average price throughout the year was $3.31 per gallon. So you can get to 2010 numbers by doing the math. We think it's going to be essentially flat for 2012, which is a big deal if that comes about. That 35% higher diesel fuel cost us $35 million in earnings. So if we can -- and that's been escalating, as you know, for the last 2 or 3 years. So if we can get stable diesel fuel prices, that will be a big benefit to us, as opposed to having them go up 35% as they did in 2011.
L. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Excellent. And I'm sorry, what were the volumes for the fourth quarter and for the year, the gallons?
Daniel Sansone: It's over 40 million gallons for the full year and just about 10 million for -- just under 10 million for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just on asset divestitures you spoke of earlier, can you at least tell us, in terms of the basket you're looking at, what kind of the EBITDA addition or the detraction that was in 2011?
Donald M. James: Well, if you look at our segment earnings in 2011 you can get up -- we don't report EBITDA -- we haven't reported EBITDA by segment, but I think if you look at the..
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I know where you're going. Let me ask...
Donald M. James: If you look at the earnings by segment, you see a loss in concrete; you see a small loss in cement. So selling those assets will improve our near-term profitability.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that's my -- at least, my next question is on the table, getting completely out of those 2 segments, as part of this – if it goes to fruition.
Donald M. James: No, not necessarily. We don't need to sell all of our ready-mix and all of our cement by any stretch to get to $500 million.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So specifically, within concrete and those losses, you have businesses that are making money and others putting up really big losses. Is it that kind of makeup?
Donald M. James: We have very differing results by region in concrete.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And I guess, final question on this topic. We've been in this downturn for several years now, and you look back and see large losses specifically within concrete. Have you looked at this before and not do it for some reason? Or what's been the strategic thought over the last couple of years specifically within concrete?
Donald M. James: We have, as I've said in our remarks, we sold or divested in a transaction our ready-mix concrete business in Arizona and in New Mexico. Over the years, we have divested a lot of concrete assets that have come in acquisitions, along with aggregates. Concrete can be a good business, and it is a really good business for us in some markets. But concrete does not enjoy the same structural advantages of aggregates, primarily barriers to entry. And as a result of that, I think, concrete, over long periods of time, is a lower return, less profitable business than aggregates. Our obviously long-term strategic focus is on aggregates. That being said, there are some markets where the structural characteristics of concrete look more like aggregates, and we tend to do very well in those markets. And we -- so we're not, at this point, proposing to sell all the concrete assets. They are in the basket, but we will be very selective about what will make the most sense for us to sell.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rodny Nacier of KeyBanc Capital.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I see energy inflation is flat in your forecast for 2012 EBITDA. Can you help me understand how much of a percent increase in energy do you think you can offset without impacting your target EBITDA number?
Donald M. James: That -- we're looking at energy in our -- as part of our strategic sourcing plan. We also are looking at energy efficiency in our planning. As I indicated in the fourth quarter and full year 2011, we were much more energy efficient, including diesel fuel efficiency, over 2010. We will continue those efforts. So it is a combination of trying to buy better, be more efficient in the utilization. I can't give you a specific answer to your question, but those are embedded in both our -- in our strategic sourcing focus and our transportation and logistics focus. All of those have energy and diesel fuel, and that will be -- that is a very large component of our total input cost and a place that we are going to be very focused in trying to improve our results.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And with the profit plan, the $25 million that you expect to achieve in '12, I'm sorry if I missed this during the call, but can you help me understand how that's flowing through to the Aggregates business versus the downstream operations?
Donald M. James: It will flow through to all, but principally aggregates.
Rodny Nacier - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you had commented before on the $1.35 billion of EBITDA that you'd expect to achieve when you achieve your volume target. So I was wondering how much of that number is now tied to explicit cost actions that you've announced in 2011 and '12?
Donald M. James: Certainly, the cost actions we've announced in '11 and '12 will help us in that -- in reaching that goal. But the profitability improvement we have experienced over the last 3 or 4 years is the principal source of that opportunity. It will only be enhanced by the Profit Enhancement Plan we've announced today.
Daniel Sansone: Rodny, put a little differently, of the $55 million of overhead costs that we've announced, about $35 million or $37 million of that hits full year impact in 2012. The rest -- most of the remainder was already realized in 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baugh of Stifel Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just quickly here. California in '11 represented roughly what percentage of your aggregate mix, number one? And number two, if you were to separate out, in California, the private nonpublic piece in '12, how do you see the public infrastructure highway spend in California year-over-year '12 versus '11?
Donald M. James: My guys are doing some calculations to try to answer your question. I think our outlook is for continued infrastructure spending, primarily highway spending, in California in 2012. We had a good year, obviously, in 2011, but there's still a number of projects moving forward. California is about 13% of our aggregates shipments. It's a larger portion of our revenue because we have a significant Asphalt business in California, as well as ready-mix concrete. So in aggregates, it's 13% of our shipment.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So based on the spending plans that you know of, are you comfortable saying public spend will be up in '12 versus '11 in California?
Donald M. James: I think I was indicating we think it will continue to be strong. A lot depends on bid lettings as we go through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Levine of JPMorgan.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just looking for a little bit better understanding of what a highway bill with continuity in funding might mean for the highway and infrastructure business, and this is going to be somewhat theoretical. But if you do get a bill this year and you do get continuity in funding for at least a couple of years, do you think that could result in growth in the infrastructure side of your business or at least the Highway side? And what magnitude of growth? I mean, how important is that level of visibility to the states? And can we see growth in a scenario where funding remains constant and to what extent?
Donald M. James: Clearly, a multiyear program gives visibility and confidence to states. Whether, I think, the impact -- if you have essentially level funding, a multiyear bill, even if it's only 2 years compared to continuing resolutions, probably just affects the timing of jobs and to some extent, the nature of the job. Shorter-term funding typically is used to support resurfacing and to some extent lane additions, whereas multiyear funding often results in large -- larger sort of new construction projects. But at the end of the day, it's really more of a timing between quarters and years rather than an absolute increase in demand, if I understood your question.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. I guess maybe as a follow-on, I mean with that timing impact, could you see a pull forward into '13 in a scenario where you get pretty significant growth in 2013 if something gets passed this year?
Donald M. James: Yes. And that's a timing thing. If something passed this year, which would allow the state DOTs to go ahead and take from their existing backlog of projects and put them out for bids, then yes, it would change the timing and it would pull volume forward.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then one follow-up really quickly on the residential. I think you suggested that the market residential construction, up 15%. On the single-family side, does that imply growth there? Is that positive in your view? Or is all that growth from multifamily?
Donald M. James: The vast majority is from multifamily.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Johnson of Morgan Keegan.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just real quick on the -- you had given us a little color earlier on kind of how your volumes, by end markets, stacked up for your 2012 outlook. Could you give us how 2011 finished when you look at it by infrastructure, residential that sort of thing in aggregates?
Donald M. James: Yes. Let me get my hands on the -- if we look at -- well, I have in front of me 2012 and the change. I don't have the '11 data in front of me, but you can get to by -- in essence, highways in '11 were 103% of where we think it’s going to be in '12. Infrastructure is 102% of where we think it's going to be in '12. Housing was 85% in '11 of where we think it will be in '12. Non-res was 97% of where we think it'll be in '12. And overall, '11 was about 99% of where we think it'll be in '12. So I know we've got that data. I just don't have it in front of me. I just have the year-over-year change in end markets from '11 to '12. But you can get back into what '11 was.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. Just real quick on concrete. I noticed a little bit of a sequential decline in selling price going from third quarter to fourth quarter. I'm just trying to get an idea. Was that just a mix issue or regional issue relative to -- or how we should trend that as we go forward?
Donald M. James: It's a mix issue. Concrete pricing is up. We expect it to continue to improve. But there's no significance to that.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then just final question, I want to make sure I'm thinking about this -- the comments around peak EBITDA on 25% less volume. If I look back into, I guess, kind of '06, '07, the, I guess, Concrete And Asphalt businesses, at that time, were decent contributors to performance relative of course to where they are in the depressed market today. Getting back to that peak EBITDA of around $1.3 billion on 25% less volume in Aggregates, what does that count in there for the downstream products? Or does it?
Daniel Sansone: It assumes that the downstream products recover -- the volumes of the downstream products recover similar to the growth in aggregates, but it does not assume that the downstream product ever achieve EBITDA margin levels equivalent to those that were achieved at the peak of the last cycle. Most of the leverage to get to the peak earnings faster is because of the enhanced profitability of the Aggregates business as it stands today, along with the better leverage on the overhead side.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: And in that comment -- or outlook, could you assume any adjustments around that basket of assets for sale?
Daniel Sansone: No.
Operator: With no further questions, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Don James.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you, all, for being with us today. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan. The primary theme I hope you heard from us today is that we are intensely focused on increasing our profitability and growth, delivering value to our shareholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress at the end of the first quarter. Thank you so much, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time, and have a good day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Tong Tong Xu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Seth Yeager - Jeffries & Company Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group, LLC.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 2011 Third Quarter Vulcan Materials Company Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Don James, CEO and Chairman of the Board for Vulcan Materials Company. Please proceed, sir.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss our third quarter results. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan. I apologize for starting a couple of minutes late, but we had a large queue of people trying to get into the call, and we delayed the start by a couple of minutes. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President for Construction Materials.  Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risk and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Let me open my remarks with some comments about our third quarter operating results. EBITDA on the third quarter was $194 million, and earnings per share were $0.17. Included in these amounts was approximately $63 million in EBITDA and $0.30 per share related to the sale of nonstrategic aggregate facilities and the recovery from an insurer of costs for a lawsuit settled in the second quarter of last year. We were encouraged by the continued improvement in pricing of aggregates, concrete and asphalt. The collective earnings benefit from pricing actions in these product lines offset most of the $21 million earnings impact of elevated unit cost for diesel fuel and liquid asphalt compared to last year's third quarter.  In aggregates, the average freight-adjusted selling price increased 1% in the third quarter, consistent with the price increases we've realized year-to-date. We saw relative stability across our markets in the rate of year-over-year price changes from down 3.5% to up 7%. We are encouraged that pricing in Florida was up 2% for the quarter. In Asphalt prices, our asphalt prices increased 10% in the quarter, and our ready-mixed prices were up 6% compared to last year's third quarter. Prices in all of our asphalt markets improved compared to last year and prices in almost all of our concrete markets also improved. Our ongoing efforts to reduce overhead lowered our SAG expenses 13% compared to last year's third quarter, increasing our earnings by about $10 million. Third quarter segment earnings in aggregates were $113 million versus $125 million last year. The year-over-year decline in segment earnings was due principally to higher unit costs from diesel fuel and to lower shipments, which reduced earnings about $5 million. The 2% decline in the third quarter aggregate shipments was due primarily to weaker demand resulting from continued economic uncertainty.  Aggregate shipments increased compared to last year's third quarter in California, North Carolina, Maryland and Alabama due primarily to stronger demand from public infrastructure projects. In particular, shipments in California were up 26% versus last year's third quarter, and we expect this strong shipping trend in California to continue in the fourth quarter. In addition, aggregate shipments in Virginia and Georgia were negatively impacted by 2 tropical storms that moved up the East Coast, which resulted in delays in shipments on both large projects, as well as for routine projects due to extended wet working conditions in those markets. We expect some of this volume for large projects to be recovered in the fourth quarter and the remainder to roll forward to 2012. Higher pricing and improved production efficiency helped offset some of the earnings effect of a 40% increase in diesel fuel cost per gallon, which accounted for most of the year-over-year decline in segment earnings. Earnings in our Asphalt segment were $12 million versus $13 million last year.  Asphalt mix sales prices were higher in the third quarter, both sequentially and year-over-year.  The year-over-year 10% increase in sales price has offset the earnings impact of a 20% increase in the unit cost for liquid asphalt in the third quarter.  Asphalt volumes in the third quarter approximated the prior year, as increased shipments in California offset lower shipments in Arizona and Texas. Year-to-date, Asphalt mix pricing has offset the $22 million earnings effect of higher liquid asphalt cost. We expect this trend in price and cost to continue in the fourth quarter. Our Concrete segment recorded a loss of $9 million versus a loss of $10 million last year. Improved pricing led to higher unit margins -- higher unit material margin, and the earnings effect of this pricing more than offset the impact of the 8% decline in volume and the increase in the per gallon cost of diesel fuel. Concrete shipments in California and in the mid-Atlantic states improved slightly versus the prior year. Our shipments in Florida were lower than last year's third quarter. SAG expenses in the third quarter were $68 million versus $78 million last year. The $10 million reduction reflects the benefit of cost savings initiatives and lower legal expenses. In September and early October, we completed 2 small acquisitions and divestiture transactions. They yield approximately $57 million of cash, improved our aggregates reserves position and should increase our future EBITDA by over $1 million per year. Specifically, we divested 4 sand and gravel operations, 3 limestone quarries, 2 concrete plants and 1 asphalt plant in markets that are not strategic to our long-term growth objectives. We acquired 3 aggregates operations and 1 rail distribution site in the Southeast. You may recall that in May of last year, we reached a final settlement in a lawsuit filed in 2001 against Vulcan by the Illinois Department of Transportation. As a result of this settlement, a $41 million pretax charge or $0.21 per diluted share was recorded in the second quarter of 2010.  Subsequent to this announcement last year, we've began to pursue recovery of the amount paid in settlement, as well as our defense costs from our insurer. In the first quarter of this year, we recovered approximately $26 million in arbitration with 2 of our insurers. In the third quarter, we again prevailed in arbitration and recovered approximately $24 million from another insurer. Of this amount, approximately $3 million was recorded as recovery of legal fees and as interest income. At September 30, we had no short-term borrowings and had $152 million of cash. Another $20 million of cash will be received in the fourth quarter from the various transactions I described earlier. Turning to our outlook. We expect future demand for our products to be supported by growth in contract awards for public spending on highway projects, specifically road-related construction, and a modest improvement in private nonresidential building construction. Through the end of last year, total contract awards for highways in the U.S. were up 3% from the prior year due to the continuation of stimulus-related funding and some recovery in regular highway funding. During the first 9 months of this year, contract awards for regular non-stimulus highway programs continued to increase. As anticipated, contract awards for stimulus-related highway projects slowed. As a result, trailing 12-month contract awards for highways across the entire U.S. were down 8% from the prior year.  However, if we look specifically at Vulcan-served states, the comparisons are more favorable due in part to contract awards for more aggregates-intensive road-related projects. On a trailing 12-month basis, contract awards in Vulcan-served states are up 6% for road projects over the prior 12-month period, while contract awards for bridges are down 19%. We believe this favorable comparison to other states is due in part to the timing and types of projects funded with stimulus dollars in key Vulcan-served states, as well as the pickup of spending for regular funding programs by departments of transportation, which, in the absence of a new multiyear federal highway bill, are currently more focused on maintaining the existing capacity than in undertaking large multiyear projects. The aggregates intensity of road projects versus bridges and the relative stability of contract awards in Vulcan-served states are both positive for demand for our products going forward. Several developments in Congress offer encouragement that federal highway funding is also moving in a positive direction. The current 6-month funding extension, which passed on September 16 of this year, includes annualized budget authority of approximately $40 million -- $40 billion, essentially in line with the 2011 funding levels. The extension passed by wide margins in both houses of Congress, as did the continuing resolution that appropriated funds at essentially current levels at the beginning of the new fiscal year on October 1. It is notable that leaders in Congress from both parties have been working to maintain highway funding at or very near current levels at a time of dramatic proposed cuts in many other areas of the federal budget. With respect to the reauthorization of multiyear surface transportation bill, Senate environmental and public works committee bipartisan leadership announced on October 21 plans to mark up its proposed 2-year surface transportation reauthorization bill next week on November 9. This bill is intended to maintain fiscal year 2011 highway funding levels plus inflation for fiscal years 2012 and '13, providing further stability to the federal surface transportation program. And in a shift from its previous position, House leadership is now promoting transportation infrastructure legislation as a way to create jobs, and has authorized the House transportation and infrastructure committee to find significant new sources of revenue for the Highway Trust Fund. The validation of the need for increased spending on highways, and more broadly speaking, infrastructure, continues. The latest example comes from the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. In October, the council issued an interim report, which included a series of practical proposals that could meaningfully accelerate job creation over the next 5 years as part of the nation's overall jobs agenda.  Recommendations were grouped into 5 initiatives with investment in infrastructure listed as the first priority already. The report called infrastructure investment a classic two-fer. It creates jobs in the near term and promotes long-term competitiveness. The report goes on to cite a $1 trillion investment shortfall for our nation's infrastructure, of which $550 billion is needed for roads and bridges. Vulcan, along with other industry participants and organizations, are cautiously optimistic that Congress will take action on a new highway bill next year. Additionally, key states, such as California, are taking initiatives to create jobs to bolster economic recovery and fund major infrastructure projects. In late October, Governor Brown announced that California had sold $1.8 billion in general obligation bonds, of which a portion related to the state's Department of Transportation and funding hundreds of ongoing projects, as well as 26 new multiyear projects with a total construction cost of $1.2 billion.  Private construction has remained at low levels, with some indications of improvement in certain categories. And residential construction single-family housing starts remained at historically low levels. After some modest growth in the second half of 2010, starts have again turned down. Multifamily starts on the other hand have increased sharply since late last year, and Vulcan-served states' trailing 12-month multifamily housing starts have increased 21%, the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit increases, providing evidence that favorable demographics can support construction activity even with weak economic conditions. Private nonresidential construction also remains at low levels. However, trailing 12-month contract awards are up across the U.S. for the third quarter in a row. While the growth in contract awards in the manufacturing sector has remained strong since late last year, awards for new projects in the categories of retail and office buildings have increased modestly for the second consecutive quarter. While the recent growth in contract awards is encouraging, we believe employment growth, as well as an increase in business investment and lending activity, are needed to sustain a recovery in nonresidential construction activity. Our selling, administrative and general expenses in 2011 are expected to be 25% lower -- $25 million, I'm sorry, lower than last year. Net interest expense for the full year is expected to be approximately $203 million of which, about $17 million is noncash amortization of previously paid financing costs and about $20 million is for the premium pay to repurchase some of our outstanding bonds in June. Next year, total interest expense is expected to be approximately $210 million, including $6 million in net noncash amortization. Because of the mechanical nature of the aggregates production process, capital spending levels can be adjusted to match demand in production levels. Additionally, our plans for mobile equipment were in relatively good shape going into the cyclical downturn. As a result, we have been able to hold capital spending to maintenance-type levels. Planned capital spending remains at $100 million for 2011, up modestly from $86 million in 2010. In closing, we are encouraged by the recent developments in Washington regarding federal highway funding, as well as the modest improvement in a variety of private nonresidential building categories, albeit from a very small base. Vulcan has a tremendously valuable asset base, which we believe is well positioned to deliver strong earnings leverage as the economy recovers.  We continue to evaluate opportunities to adjust our portfolio of businesses and products, and our operating footprint to improve our initial results and enhance our opportunity for future earnings growth. Those opportunities can come in the form of divestitures, acquisitions, asset swaps and capital spending and cost saving initiatives, and we will continue our diligent efforts to make the best decisions for our shareholders. Now, our operator will give the required instructions. We'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: My first question with respect to your asset portfolio. You've engaged in some asset swaps here recently and some divestitures in particular. Don, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how you view your portfolio right now. Maybe if you've identified a dollar amount of non-core assets perhaps that you've identified for divestiture going forward that you could share with us, that will be helpful.
Donald M. James: Garik, we are looking -- we look across all our portfolio. As you know from following us over the years, our strategy is to build our presence in larger, faster growing metropolitan areas. We think that's where we have the greatest opportunity, and where we have assets that are not strategic to us, and are more valuable to a potential buyer than they are to us, then we'll continue to look for opportunities to sell or swap those assets. At this point, we don't have a set of assets that we would look to divest. It is really a question of looking for opportunities, and we will do that vigorously over the next 12 to 18 months as we typically have done in the past. We're looking for ways to improve our results, and realigning our portfolio is one way of achieving that.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just looking at your SG&A, I know that you haven't provided guidance for 2012. But just given the reductions that you saw this quarter, is maybe kind of a high $60 million, low $70 million quarterly run rate a good way to start thinking about 2012?
Donald M. James: Well, I think we have given some guidance for 2012. And I think we've said we expect SAG to fall another $10 million to $15 million in 2012. There's a lot of noise, there's a huge lot of noise in our SAG. A lot of it is legal fees that have resulted from the things we've talked about, the recovery against our insurers for the settlement with IDOT last year. The effects of our new ERP system as we roll that system up, and now we are looking forward to getting the benefits of that. So there's just a lot of noise in our SAG, and we'll be happy when we get settled down to some sort of normalized run rate, which we haven't seen in the last 3 or 4 years. But our guidance at this point for next year would be a further decline of $10 million to $15 million, and we'll be looking for other ways to try to do better than that.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just my last question is, just given some of the movement in Congress regarding the 2-year highway loan and the recent continuing resolution at stable levels through March, and some of the language under the House that you talked about regarding finding new revenue sources, are you hearing anything new out of your contacts either in D.C. or state DOT book offices, with respect to maybe increased visibility or increased confidence that the states will start spending some of the money that they have budgeted, that perhaps has been delayed because of the increased uncertainty in the macro environment? Can we see some of this money start to flow through in calendar year 2012, especially recognizing a number of state DOT budgets have increased looking out for fiscal '12? If you could provide some color there, that will be great.
Donald M. James: Yes, I think the key on the federal aid programs will be the passage of some bill in 2012. Most likely, at this point, the 2-year Senate bill, which maintains funding levels, in fact, increases them slightly from FY '12 to FY '13, as I said in my remarks that the committee's meeting, we understand next way to mark up the bill and to move it forward. We also understand this is the Republican response to the President's infrastructure jobs proposal is to move a highway bill, which we agree with. We think that's a lot more practical way to create jobs than to do something that's totally new and different. On the House side, we are encouraged by what we believe or understand to be a shift in the view of House leadership, and they have, at least -- some key committee chairs have said the Republican's extension of the highway bill as being their jobs package. All of that, I think, bodes well. There's a lot of politics, of course, being played. But we are, I think, much more cautiously optimistic today about the prospects of a highway bill in 2012 than we were probably 6 months ago. On the state side, a lot of states, as you point out, have substantial highway reserves that they haven't yet spent or are not spending, and probably awaiting the federal aid program as the stimulus is working its way through and states are finishing up stimulus jobs. They are looking for that roughly 80-20 match to move forward with the normal Federal Highway Program and are saving their money to participate in that. So I think if we do get a 2-year bill, the Senate bill passed or if we are able to get something longer than that, I think there will be a substantial increase in contract awards as states move to repair and replace a lot of aging infrastructure.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So if I hear you correctly, the biggest challenge remains the lack of a multiyear highway bill?
Donald M. James: Absolutely. And states are moving with individual state projects, but the big numbers will come when there's the federal aid to the state programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: This is Jamie Baskin on the line for Kathryn. Can you expand upon your in-market assumptions going into your flat Q4 2011 aggregate volume guidance?
Donald M. James: Well, if we look at contract awards, which is the best, and I'm talking about macro contract awards in Vulcan-served states, as I said, the contract awards trailing 12 months for highways are up about 6%, while bridges are down 19%. So overall, the highway contract awards are down 3%, but when you look behind that number, roads are up 6%, bridges down 19%. So we think the highway piece will provide us some support, not only for the fourth quarter, but for 2012. Infrastructure is up sharply, up 18%. The vast majority of that is in private utility construction, some nuclear plants, a lot of gas plants. And depending upon the outcome of the emissions rules at the EPA, there could be a lot more private utility construction if a lot of the old coal plants will have to be phased out. Housing is down about 4%. But within that, and these are in our states, multifamily is up 21%; single family, down 10%; private non-res, up marginally 1%, which, as I've said in my remarks is encouraging. We're seeing strength. We're seeing modest increases in private non-res contract awards. Public buildings are down sharply in contract awards, 23%, which is probably the impact of the ramp-up in stimulus spending in that category all along ramp down. So on balance: roads, up; infrastructure, up; single-family housing, up; multifamily, down; bridges, down; private non-res, up marginally; public buildings, down substantially. That's how we see it. Whether it goes up in the fourth quarter of 2012 is a guess on the weather.
Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: That's helpful. Also, have you seen a continued narrowing of just aggregates pricing just across your markets? Are there any markets that are outperforming or underperforming others?
Donald M. James: We've seen a narrowing in the sense that the levels of price change has come back in. We don't see big negative swings or obviously huge positive swings. As I said in my remarks, it range from a negative 3.5% to a positive 7% market [indiscernible] across our footprint. Within that, there are some product mix issues. But I think, we're encouraged that there is increasing price stability and modest price momentum for our products.
Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay. And then, finally, what kind of visibility do you have in California? I know that you said you should see kind of continued growth through Q4, but do you have much visibility into 2012 in that market?
Donald M. James: The thing that's driving demand in California, and that's been our most robust market in the recent quarter, is highway construction. And we have a number of projects that we expect will continue into the fourth quarter and into next year. Again, the timing of those projects has a lot to do with the weather conditions. But we have good visibility on the highway work at least through sort of midyear 2012. And then, a lot depends on what happens with the federal highway bill in Washington and certainly what happens with the state Caltrans in California. But at this point, we're very pleased with the highway work in California.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question, I guess, you highlighted the impact of weather on the eastern seaboard into the Southeast. If you were to normalize for that, at least in your mind, would you still suggest that the underlying volume trends ex weather in that part of the country are a relative weak spot within your footprint? Or just in general, how would you characterize the Southeast market relative to the rest of your national footprint in terms of private sector activity?
Donald M. James: Well, I think private sector activity is weak throughout our footprint. Weather is a factor, but it is -- it comes and goes, but there continues to be weakness in the private sector. As I pointed out, the places of strength in the private sector right now is really -- substantial strength is really limited to multifamily housing. But we believe private non-res in the categories of manufacturing, retail and office buildings seem to have bottomed. Manufacturing has been up, I think, on a trailing 12-month basis for each of the last 4 quarters, and now we're seeing retail and office buildings being up for the last 2 quarters on a trailing 12-month basis. That's encouraging to us that we've seen the bottom, and we're moving forward there. The strength today is in the public sector and within the public sector, it's highways. If we happen to be in a market where a large private utility construction is going on, that's great. Those are projects that aren't -- there's not a -- those are single large projects, and if you're in a market where you can participate, it's wonderful. If you aren't, you can't get there. But that's obviously very strong and is likely continue to be very strong as the utility sector is adjusting to new environmental regulations.
Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And can you give us a sense of the relative importance of multifamily versus single family within the residential business in general? Is that possible?
Donald M. James: Single family has historically been a dramatically larger piece of housing than multifamily. That's changing. Multifamily is becoming a larger piece of total housing demand in this current climate. It continues to move every quarter, but the single family is flat to down, and multifamily is up sharply. But in the grand scheme of things, single family is a much larger sector of housing or historically has been than multi.
Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then you mentioned on some of these asset swaps, divestitures, what have you. Maybe a little bit more color on the thought process in which markets where you target swaps. Then also, if there are areas, maybe within the business that you might look to add capabilities as part of swaps going forward, a little bit more color there.
Donald M. James: I think you can look around the industry and see that we are not the only one to be attempting to realign its portfolio with its geographic mix. We are all looking for ways to improve our results. And this is certainly an opportunity. In good times, we all fall in love with our assets, we don't want to part with any of them. I think the current economic climate has changed that. So there are opportunities now for divestitures, acquisitions that may not have been available in peaks, in periods of stronger demand. We certainly want to continue to build our reserve base and our presence in significant growing metropolitan areas. That's been our strategy for a long time. One of the opportunities we had late last year was to acquire a quarry in San Diego, which we did. And you can certainly -- that's one of the reasons why our shipments in California are up substantially. Also, in large metropolitan areas, the reserve base is essentially finite. And so any time we can do transactions and improve our reserve base of urban markets. Typically, in rural markets, the barriers to entry are lower, and you can just look at the economic changes in the United States over longer periods of time, and a larger percentage of the population are living in urban areas, a larger percentage of the jobs are in the urban areas, and we think our business mix and business model needs to follow that. So that's our strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tong Tong Xu from Goldman Sachs.
Tong Tong Xu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about how October is shaping up in terms of pricing and downstream products and also activity levels and pricing in aggregates?
Donald M. James: Downstream product pricing has been strong. As I said, asphalt mix pricing is up about 10%. That's being driven, of course, by a 20% increase in liquid asphalt cost. And then, concrete, we're very happy that we got a 6% increase in the quarter, and those price increases, as I indicated, in asphalt mix are in every one of our asphalt markets. And in concrete, they are in the vast majority of our markets. So I think, I think, pricing in the downstream products has actually been significantly stronger than in the aggregates market. We expect to be up about 2% in price in aggregates for the full year '11. And while those aren't robust price increases, and there's a tremendous amount of competition in all of our markets across all of our product lines, I think there are still opportunities to achieve modest price growth in aggregates.
Tong Tong Xu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of your near term trends in October, could you give us some more color on how that's trended month to date?
Donald M. James: I will, in February.
Tong Tong Xu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just lastly on the aggregates point, is there any shift that you're seeing in the quoting activity?
Donald M. James: I'm not sure I follow your question. You mean competitive pricing in bids or quotes?
Tong Tong Xu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just in aggregates levels?
Donald M. James: I think, while there remains very strong competition in all of our markets for aggregates, we are not seeing people do irrational things with pricing. I mean, every job is priced competitively. We win some, we lose some, but there's not huge price cutting taking place. In some markets, yes, but not overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to, say, touch fast. In the absence of a major -- the passage of a major transportation bill in 2012, do you think you can still get price increases in the aggregates business next year?
Donald M. James: That question depends upon if there is -- unless the Federal Highway Program ends, which we don't have any expectation that it will, there will be some continuing Federal Highway Program in the absence of passage of a multiyear bill. That will impact probably more of the type of projects that the state DOTs will let then it will be the amount of projects. A lot depends on what happens through 2012, in the private sector. That's the place there've been greatest volume drops. So if there is, in fact, some recovery in private non-res, that could certainly be beneficial to volume and price in 2012. But we're-- even if there is not a 2-year or 6-year or multiyear bill passed in Congress but a series of continuing resolutions, there still will be federal, state and local work. It'll be largely maintenance work and resurfacing works, as opposed to large bridge projects or large new capacity construction. But that still provides support for both volume and price.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's really helpful. And if you guys could touch -- and maybe this is a question for Dan. You obviously took some liquidity management steps, cut the dividend and pushed out the maturity of the revolver. Can you just share with us your current thinking on balance sheet management as we head into next year? And should we be thinking about any additional steps that you might implement to manage your liquidity position?
Daniel Sansone: Well, Bob, I think you hit the 2 most important things. First is you know we did a $1.1 billion bond transaction in June, which substantially reduced our maturity profile for the next 5 years. The dividend reduction that was announced in October frees up an additional $125 million of free cash flow to service debt and/or support the operations. We are in the final stages of completing negotiations on our new revolving credit facility, and that's going very well. We announced some details on that in October, concurrent with the dividend adjustment. But that facility is on track for a closing in November as well. We sit today at -- we sat at September 30 with $152 million of cash on the balance sheet, which more than satisfies the 2012 maturities. As we go into the fourth quarter, we generally generate free cash flow. As Don noted in his comments, we have approximately $20 million of cash that actually came in, in the fourth quarter already, referable to the various transactions and unusual events he described. If you put on top of that the normal cash from operations that we generate in the fourth quarter, I'm expecting that we'll end the year somewhere in the neighborhood of $190 million to $200 million of cash on the balance sheet. So right now, I think our liquidity is pretty stable and secure and adequate.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. So we should expect, just moving forward, a more defensive posture and a conservative approach to liquidity management. Is that fair?
Daniel Sansone: That's fair.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered , but just conceptually, you'd refer to reviewing the portfolio at the beginning of the call. Given where the balance sheet stands, would you expand that beyond individual locations, such as the aggregate facility that you sold in the quarter. Looking at some of the non-aggregate stuff, is that something you need to be in long term?
Donald M. James: Absolutely. That's a part of our review. We have acquired a fair amount of downstream products in various acquisitions over the years, and we continue to look at whether there are better owners for those downstream assets. In some markets we enter, that, hopefully, is yes. And in other markets, it's probably going to be no. But the downstream products, particularly concrete, has been hit very hard in this downturn. Concrete is a wonderful product, if you're in the cement business end market. It's not such a great product, if you aren't. So we do pull the aggregates through our concrete plants and our asphalt plants in virtually all of our operations. But if we can find ways to continue to supply aggregates to our downstream products and have someone else own them and run them, who has synergies that we may not have, then that would be a win-win kind of transaction, and we continue to look for opportunities to do those.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Is it possible to sell those as whole product -- I'll just pick one, concrete, for example. Is it possible to sell that in a group? Or are these kind of transactions going to be city-by-city, state-by-state kind of things?
Donald M. James: It all depends on -- it takes 2 people to do a deal. And so you have to find a buyer. Whatever the buyer's interest and strategy are -- has an impact on -- really you would not -- you would sell batches of assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Yeager with Jefferies & Company.
Seth Yeager - Jeffries & Company: So you guys contributed quite a bit of cash in equity last year to your pension funds. And just based on performance year-to-date, I think previously you had said, you wouldn't need to contribute through 2012. Just where you sit now, is that still the expectation?
Donald M. James: Yes, that's still the expectation. We are -- I think, we are in good shape there.
Seth Yeager - Jeffries & Company: Okay, great. And then as far as just from a bigger picture standpoint, I think by my math, through October, roughly 85% or so of the ARRA funds have been spent with $5 billion or so this year. It sounds as if there's maybe some pent-up demand from a state standpoint. Assuming flat funding next year, do you feel as if that sort of pent-up amount would more than offset or sort of partially offset the falloff of some of the ARRA stuff this year?
Donald M. James: Yes, if you -- there are 2 points on the stimulus spending. We agree with you that there's about 15% of the money yet to be spent. But when you look at it state-by-state, a very substantial portion of that yet-to-be spent money are in Vulcan-served states, California, Florida, Virginia in particular. So we are positioned, I think, to get a little higher portion of the remaining spend than we got in the 85% that's already been spent. The second point, is, and I think when you look at the Congressional Budget Office numbers, this really jumps out at you, and that is as the stimulus spending ramped up, the state -- the regular state and federal programs ramped down. Of course, many critics of stimulus spending say it didn't create jobs. One reason is the stimulus programs had short views on them, had to be let, had to be built, and the ability of state DOTs to manage projects and get projects out and get them built caused the states to back off their regular contract lettings. Now as we're seeing stimulus spending turning down, we're seeing the regular programs, particularly the state level, which includes the federal regular Highway Trust Fund money, ramping right back up. So I think there is a substantially offsetting amount in the regular programs, as the stimulus spending is coming down. As we said overall, in our states, if you look at trailing 12-month contract awards, they're down 3%. That is probably the excess of the decline in stimulus spending over the ramp-up in regular spending. But if you just look at the road part, which is the part that's most valuable to us per dollar of spending, they're up 6%. And bridges are down 19%, which says, the remaining stimulus dollars plus the regular state federal programs are much more focused on roads than on large projects like bridges. So we think on balance, we're cautiously optimistic about the road sector in 2012.
Seth Yeager - Jeffries & Company: Okay, great. And then if I could ask a quick follow-up. You've sort of addressed it already, but following the dividend reduction, priorities for free cash flow. Have you guys started to put a budget together for next year for CapEx? And is it safe to assume that the balance sheet would be a higher priority than expansion?
Donald M. James: Yes. As Dan Sansone mentioned earlier, certainly, we want to reduce our debt, and we will have probably a modest increase in CapEx next year. CapEx for us is really a function of throughput of aggregates more than anything else. And as aggregate volumes begin to recover, our CapEx will go up of necessity. So we are -- the reason, in a nutshell, for the dividend change was to give us more financial flexibility during a period of tremendous uncertainty about what's going on in the Eurozone, and what impact that's going to have on the economy in the U.S. and to hopefully get some stability in the Federal Highway Program through action by Congress, hopefully, early part of next year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could touch on multifamily. It's running around 200,000 on starts annually. And give us kind of feel for, say, if that number doubled to 400,000 over the next few years. What does that mean to Vulcan assuming that double happens obviously in the states where you're doing business?
Donald M. James: Well, multifamily is more like private non-res construction. And in the non-res, most multifamily has a heavy part of concrete and masonry construction, as opposed to stick-built like a lot of single-family housing. Also, if you look at the multifamily starts in Vulcan-served states versus the rest of the country, our states are dramatically outperforming the rest of the country in multifamily starts, which is a function of the continuing geographic trends. Our states are still growing substantially in population, and people have to have a place to live. Flip side of that is our states have been hit harder on single-family housing and probably the foreclosure problems and the overhang in single family are higher in California and Florida than they are certainly in the rest of the country. All of that being said, I can't quantify, as I sit here today. My colleagues can't. If multifamily construction doubles in our markets over the next 12 months, what that implies for aggregate demand, obviously, it would imply an increase. But whether that increase is 1% or 2%, I can't tell you as I sit here.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well, is there -- maybe a different way to come at it. Take housing as a percentage of your total business today and then any kind of guess how that might breakout between multifamily and single family?
Donald M. James: Well, total housing today, and this is a moving target, but because other things move around too, but housing is 13%, 14% of our total demand. An increasing portion of that is multifamily contrasted with single family. Historically, multi is 20% of total housing. But what we're seeing is that, that percentage is growing. So you can do the math as well as I can based on those numbers. But we'll get you a better sensitivity if multifamily were to double, what that would mean for aggregate demand. It also mean, if it's in markets where we are in the Concrete business, it will also improve demand for concrete and asphalt for asphalt parking lots.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two questions for me, one probably for you and one for Dan. Sequentially, the average aggregate selling price, I think, dropped from $10.36 to $10.24. You're probably going to tell me that, that was just sort of mix, maybe reaching you by product. If that was the case, could you kind of give some indication view? I think in some markets, you did try and implement to midyear price increase. I mean, is it just too early to expect any sign of that? What's happened to that? That generally would be my question. And then one for Dan, on the credit agreement, I think you said the new covenants are asset-based. Are you in any position to give a more detail at this stage? Or do we have to wait for the final funding for that?
Donald M. James: Mike, on your pricing question, the difference between Q2 average freight-adjusted selling price and Q3 is just noise -- there's not -- there are modest price increases in place across many markets. The realization of that is, and one that we're talking about, sort of 2% price increase, price growth over the year. There are lots of ups and downs in that, and that's all you're seeing, I think, between Q2 and Q3. And as we've said, this is not a business where our pricing strategy is one big midyear price increase. It comes every market, every job, every day. And the 2% full year price growth is a function of thousands and thousands of pricing actions. I can't think about it as a first of the year or midyear pricing. I'll refer your question to Dan.
Daniel Sansone: Mike, the work on the new revolver is very far along. It is going to be an asset-based lending facility, which will be secured by our accounts receivable and inventory balances. The advanced rates against those 2 assets are consistent with other transactions of similar type of facilities. The collateral or security consist solely of receivables and inventory. There's no further pledging of plant, property and equipment or real estate or anything else. The facility or the assets that are supporting the facility do not count against the secured debt limitation that's contained in our various bond indentures. So through the eyes of those agreements, we still don't have any secured debt. So we're not at risk of bumping up to the 15% threshold that exists in the bond indentures. There are no financial covenants in the facility, so long as we do not borrow more than 90% of the capacity of the facilities. So if you -- we expect a minimum of the $500 million facility, possibly higher. So put differently, there are no financial covenants as long as our borrowing against that facility is less than $450 million. If we go over $450 million on a $500 million facility, there would be a single financial covenant, which would be a fixed charge coverage ratio. The deal is fully underwritten, as we mentioned in our press release, by 2 banks, Suntrust Robinson Humphrey and Wells Fargo. They are currently in the process of syndicating those positions. Both of those banks will still hold major positions in the syndicated facility. Final commitments are due this Friday, but we already have in hand $690 million of commitments. Even after assuming that those banks that provided the underwritten facility at $500 million would reduce some of their hold positions. We expect closing in November. The only negotiations that are still underway is really in the legal documents. All of the commercial terms are settled.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just a follow-up, Dan, impact on interest cost next year?
Daniel Sansone: Well, right now, we have no borrowing on our existing revolving credit facility, and we have, as I mentioned earlier, $150 million to $200 million of cash on the balance sheet. So when this facility goes in place, we would not expect any immediate borrowing on it. So it probably has very little effect on 2012 interest expense. The borrowing rates on this facility are not too severe. There's a staggered pricing grid, but the initial borrowings on this facility will be about 175 basis points over LIBOR. So it's not overly expensive. So if we do have to draw on it, it's very reasonably priced money.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And is there a commitment fee, last question?
Daniel Sansone: Pardon me.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Do you have -- is there any kind of commitment fees that you have to pay to have this available?
Daniel Sansone: Yes. The commitment fee is, I believe, around 37.5 basis points for the undrawn. And as the borrowing on the facility increases, the commitment fee decreases that you have to pay. But yes, and that is considerably higher than what we're paying as a commitment fee on our existing facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Murphy [ph] with Longacre.
Unknown Analyst - : Do you guys expect further cash inflows related to the recovery of legal settlements going forward? Or is the $21 million inflow that we saw in Q3 it?
Donald M. James: That is -- yes, that covers the remainder of our costs associated with the prior settlement. So any further recoveries would be related to other items that would be relatively small.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Tillman with D. A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Don, just on the ready-mix business, are you finding yourself turning away more work to get price? And is that more important to you right now than volumes to get profitability back to breakeven or profitable levels?
Donald M. James: We're not terribly anxious to sell concrete at a loss. So the answer to that is yes.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And Dan, I appreciate all the detail on the covenants. I guess just a point of clarification for me. With the new credit facility, does you debt to total capitalization covenants still exist?
Daniel Sansone: Not in that facility, no, sir. Obviously, it will continue to exist in our bond indentures at 65%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Johnson with Morgan Keegan.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. First off, if you take a look at the aggregates business in the second half of 2011, it's kind of shaping up relative to kind of where you were expecting back in the summer, which I think was for volumes to be up between 2% and 6% in the second half of the year. Are there geographies that particularly stand out as falling under that expectation and kind of the weather effect that you've mentioned on the East Coast?
Donald M. James: The guidance we gave, I guess, in the end of Q2 for the second half of the year was largely based on large project work. The regular underlying demand has turned out to be, at least in Q3, a little weaker than we thought. The large project work in California that we identified previously has moved forward, is moving forward. The volumes are flowing through there. The large project work in Virginia and Georgia that we identified has moved forward more slowly than -- we said second half and not third quarter. So some of that will continue into the fourth quarter depending on the weather. But some of that was delayed as a result of the very wet working conditions. The speed with which contractors resume work after wet working conditions is somewhat diminished when the overall demand and their backlog is lower. So you don't see the pickup coming quite as quickly, and contractors will look at their backlog of business. They'll look at their relative cost of working in wet weather or cold weather. They'll look at their contractual obligations in terms of when the projects have to be completed. And so, that's behind the shift of demand from one quarter to another quarter. But the projects that we had identified are still there. We will still ship the material, it's just a question of whether some of it goes in the fourth quarter or some of it rolls over into 2012.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That was helpful. How shall we think about or is there a way to think about the difference maybe between what we see as kind of the average price per ton for aggregates, I guess around $10.24 in the third quarter, relative to maybe what new business would be showing up since the $10.24 kind of a way devolve the contracts in various price points? Really trying to get an idea of price momentum as we go into 2012.
Donald M. James: Well, this is terribly simplistic. But if we will report a 2% increase in average freight-adjusted selling price in 2011 compared to 2010, you will see modest increases. It's not going to be quarter-to-quarter, because there's so much variation in geographic mix and product mix. But I think that momentum is in. It's modest. The momentum is very modest, certainly compared to periods in which volume was growing, where we were getting substantially price increases. We are enjoying and experiencing and working very hard to get the sort of 2% kind of annual price growth we are seeing in 2011.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one quick question on just for clarification on the maintenance said earlier. When you talk about your guidance for the SAG expenses being down about $25 million year-over-year, that's compared to the $326 million that happened in 2010, just on a reported basis?
Donald M. James: That's correct. And as I've said before, there's so much noise in those SAG numbers in 2010 and 2011. I will be very happy when we get back to more steady sort of overhead levels, overhead expense levels. But where we're not -- we don't have big legal fees and recoveries coming in and out and big expenses owned. Our systems were coming in and then the results of that coming out, we'll get to steady state, hopefully, in 2012.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that would, I guess, require a little bit of a sequential increase in SAG falls in the fourth quarter this year?
Daniel Sansone: No. It will actually probably be down.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Sequentially?
Donald M. James: Yes.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Versus the $67 million in the third quarter?
Donald M. James: There's still a lot of noise in there. But as we look to full year '12 versus full year '11, we're still in the $10 million to $15 million range for production. And the fourth quarter depends -- at this point, we don't have a great estimate for that.
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. James for closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Well, thank you for your interest. We are working hard to improve our results. We recognize that we have to adjust the way we are running the business and the way we are managing our portfolio of businesses to current demand levels. We're working very hard to do what we can within the period of weak demand, but I think more importantly, to position our company and our business portfolio and our geography to be extremely well positioned when there is some recovery in the private sector and hopefully, some stability in the public sector going forward. So we look forward to talking with you again after the end of the calendar year, and have a very good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Vulcan Materials Company Earnings Conference Call. My name is Marissa, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don James, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Vulcan's second quarter results. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President, Construction Materials. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call will contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Let me open my remarks with some comments about our second quarter operating results. We are encouraged by the broad-based improvement in pricing versus the prior year's second quarter. The average unit sales price increased in all major product lines and across many of our markets. Freight-adjusted aggregate prices increased 2.5%. Asphalt and ready-mixed concrete prices each increased 8% and cement prices increased 2%. In the second quarter, we achieved improved aggregate prices across a number of our markets. There was also less regional variation around the 2.5% change in the company's average sales price, suggesting more stability going forward. Our Asphalt mix segment realized price improvements that more than offset the increased cost of liquid asphalt, thus achieving an 11% increase in the margin per ton of asphalt mix sold. Our Concrete segment realized higher prices across most of our geographic footprint. Collectively for the quarter, the high pricing across all major product lines mostly offset the earnings effect of lower volumes. Our ongoing efforts to run our plants as efficiently as possible and to reduce our SAG expenses offset some of the impact of higher diesel fuel cost and lowered our SAG expenses 9% versus the prior year. Second quarter segment earnings in aggregates were $103 million compared to $122 million last year. The earnings effect of the 9% decline in volume was approximately $23 million, accounting for more than the year-over-year decline in segment earnings. Segment earnings were further reduced by a 43% increase in diesel fuel cost per gallon. However, the earnings impact of higher diesel cost was more than offset by the improvement in pricing and production efficiency gains. Earnings in our Asphalt segment were $8 million, an increase from the prior year's second quarter. Asphalt mix sales prices were higher in the second quarter, both sequentially as well as year-over-year. As a result, unit margins increased versus the prior year despite the 17% increase in liquid asphalt cost. Our Concrete segment reported a loss of $9 million versus a loss of $6 million in the prior year. Improved pricing for concrete led to higher unit materials margins, but the earnings effect of this was more than offset by the impact of the 12% decline in volume and the 43% increase in the per-gallon cost of diesel fuel. The Cement segment second quarter loss of $1 million was flat with the prior year as the earnings impact of lower sales volume was offset by the effects of lower cost and higher prices. SAG expenses in the second quarter were $76 million versus $83 million in the prior year. The $7 million reduction reflects lower spending in most major categories, including lower spending for our Legacy IT replacement project. In June, we announced and completed the set of comprehensive actions that recapitalized our balance sheet and improved our debt maturity profile for the next 5 years. These actions included a $1.1 billion bond offering, a tender offer for $275 million of senior unsecured debt due in 2012 and '13, the retirement of a $450 million term loan due in 2015, and the pay down of $275 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. As a result, the only significant debt maturities through the end of 2014 are the remaining outstanding amounts of $135 million for the notes due in December of 2012 and $150 million for notes due in June of 2013. This comprehensive set of actions resulted in a second quarter pretax charge of $26.5 million that was recorded as interest expense in the quarter. This $26.5 million pretax charge reduced second quarter net earnings by $0.12 per diluted share. We also recorded a significant specific charge in the second quarter of 2010. That charge of $41 million pretax or $0.21 per diluted share was for the settlement of a lawsuit in Illinois. Excluding these 2 charges, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations improved to $0.07 for the second quarter of 2011 compared to $0.03 for the second quarter of 2012. Turning now to our outlook. We expect earnings growth in the second half of 2011, driven by earnings improvements in all of our businesses, particularly aggregates as well as SAG savings. We continue to expect aggregate prices to increase 1% to 3% for full year 2011. As for aggregate shipments, we're maintaining our assumption for the second half of 2011 of 2% to 6% growth year-over-year. This will result in full year volumes that could be flat to down 2% versus the prior year. Our expectations for an increase in second half aggregates volumes is supported by the timing of certain large projects in a number of key markets, including California, Virginia, Maryland and Georgia. Additionally, we're assuming the 4-million-ton decrease in shipments in the second quarter won't be recovered in the second half of 2011. We expect weakness in single-family residential construction and uncertainty surrounding the timing and the amount of a new federal highway bill to more than offset demand pushed out in the second half of the year because of April's severe weather across many of our markets and the flooding throughout the quarter in our River markets. Our expectations for higher diesel fuel cost have not changed materially from our expectations in May when we reported first quarter earnings, that is higher selling prices for aggregates, and the benefits of production efficiencies and cost management measures are expected to offset higher energy-related cost pressures expected throughout the remainder of the year. In our Asphalt business, we expect full year earnings to increase from the prior year due to improved margins as higher selling prices more than offset higher cost for liquid asphalt. We also expect asphalt mix volumes to increase from the prior year based on a large project work. In Concrete, we expect the loss reported in 2010 to narrow somewhat due to continuing improvements in pricing and margins. Second half Cement earnings are expected to improve year-over-year due to some volume growth and lower cost. For the full year, Cement earnings are expected to decrease modestly from the $4 million loss within 2010. Selling, administrative and general expenses in 2011 are expected to be lower than last year. Total SAG expenses of $328 million in 2010 included approximately $24 million of certain adjustments and charges referable to the fair market value of donated real estate, severance cost and expenses related to legal settlements. As a result, we expect SAG expenses in 2011 of $305 million to approximate the comparable level in 2010. We are taking additional actions to reduce our overhead cost. While the 2011 effect is expected to be cost-neutral, these actions, as well as lower costs related to our ERP project, should result in $10 million to $15 million of additional annual savings going forward. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $102 million for the second half of 2011 and approximately $215 million for the full year based on the recently completed debt financing, expected interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interest on capital projects. We continue to monitor our capital spending requirements based on projected demand levels, and as a result, we are lowering our 2011 estimate from $125 million to approximately $100 million. Nonresidential construction contributed modest growth, albeit from a small base in the second quarter. Trailing 12-month contract awards turned positive in June, the first year-over-year increases since the first half of 2008. This year-over-year increase was driven by continued growth in manufacturing construction as well as the first increases in trailing 12-month contract awards for both office construction and store construction we've seen, as I've said, since the first half of 2008. Public construction activity in Vulcan-served states, particularly highways, should continue to benefit from the increase in contract awards in 2010 and early 2011 as well as from the continuation of stimulus funding. This stability in activity in the pipeline of projects is particularly comforting, given Congress' inability at this point to finalize a new federal highway bill. We are hopeful that recent developments in Congress will be a catalyst for progress in the renewal of the Federal Highway Program. In early July, both the House T&I Committee and the Senate EPW Committee presented their outlines of their proposals for the next federal highway bill. The House T&I committee outline, which has no Democratic support, is for 6 years and includes approximately $230 billion in funding for highways and transit. This would represent an across-the-board 30% cut for every state in FY '12 from the current FY '11 funding levels. Almost every Senator and Congressman from both parties, with whom we have talked, find this level of funding for their states to be inadequate. The Senate's bipartisan proposal is for 2 years at $109 billion in funding for highways and transit, essentially maintaining current levels of funding adjusted for inflation. The broad-based transportation coalitions, including state and local governments, labor, commercial and consumer highway users and transportation builders, are all coalescing around the Senate proposal. Another aspect of the highway funding deliberations that have materialized in the last few weeks is contained in the proposal by the Gang of Six, the bipartisan group of 3 Democratic and 3 Republican Senators to reduce the deficit. This proposal states that an additional $133 billion in revenues for highways should be generated through tax reform without raising the federal gas tax. It is estimated that this level of funding will stabilize the Highway Trust Fund for the next 10 years. The proposal by the Gang of Six explicitly acknowledges the need for additional revenue for highways and they have put it on the table for discussion. Their proposal reflects the fact that transportation infrastructure is a basic and fundamental public good and that the purpose of the federal programs is to provide the nation with a transportation infrastructure that is essential to the functioning of the U.S. economy. The next step in highway funding process in Washington will be an extension of some duration past the current September 30 exploration of the Federal Highway Program. While our Congress works to draft a new federal highway bill, several of our key states are proactively making [ph] major investments in their transportation infrastructure. Earlier this year, Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell signed into law a plan to infuse Virginia's ailing transportation infrastructure with $4 billion over the next 3 years. As a result, in July, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced a $10.6 billion 6-year construction improvement program, a 36% increase from the prior plan. Other examples of key states with solid growth in highway construction activity are Texas and Illinois. If we compare trailing 12-month contract awards for the period ending June 30 of this year to the level of awards 2 years ago, Texas and Illinois are up 42% and 23%, respectively. In all 3 examples, regular funding, that is excluding stimulus, showed robust improvement from a comparable level a year ago. This is a pattern we're seeing in many of our states as regular funding is replacing the decline in stimulus funding. In the case of Virginia and Texas, another positive factor driving the -- excuse me, 1 factor driving the sharp increase in contract awards I just mentioned, particularly in Virginia, is the still-significant levels of stimulus funding remaining to be stamped in our states. According to the Federal Highway Administration, approximately $4.8 billion or 29% of the total stimulus funds apportioned for highways in Vulcan-served states remains to be spent. This is true across Virginia, Texas, Georgia, California and Florida in particular. Let me close by saying Vulcan has a tremendously valuable asset base which we believe is well positioned to realize strong earnings leverage as the economy recovers. We continue to evaluate opportunities to better match our scale and size and our operating footprint to fit current and projected future demand levels. These opportunities can come in the form of divestitures, acquisitions, asset swaps or cost savings, and we will continue our diligent effort to make the best decision for our shareholders. Now if our operator will give you the required instructions, we'd be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You do have your first question from the line of Jack Kasprzak from BB&T.
John F. Kasprzak: I wanted to ask just first as a point of clarification in the -- you made a comment about $10 million of additional savings. Were you referring to SG&A, because I just didn't get all that comment, sorry.
Donald M. James: Yes, it's SG&A. It's $10 million to $15 million. We're taking some steps now to take another $10 million or $15 million of SG&A savings out of our current run rate. We won't show up probably in '11 because we will have some cost associated with achieving that run rate savings, but it should show up beginning in 2012.
John F. Kasprzak: So it wouldn't be unrealistic to think, in terms of SG&A dollars, we could be looking for another reduction in 2012 versus 2011?
Donald M. James: Correct, and for years after.
John F. Kasprzak: Yes, okay. And in the quarter, volume's down 9%. Is it possible to try to bracket how much of that was due to the bad weather that we had?
Donald M. James: Well, I think one indication of that, as you know, the tornadoes came ripping through the Southeast throughout the entire month of April and we had hugely wet weather in the same periods in our Midwestern markets. April volumes were down about 20%, then May and June volumes were down only about 3%, 3%, 3.5%. So while we can't -- we really can only estimate the impact of the bad weather, it's certainly -- the volume drop was heavily focused in April. The other factor was all of that rainfall in the Midwest came in the Southeast came roaring down the river system and we basically couldn't ship material on the river for the entire quarter. Hopefully, that has now returned to normal. I was looking at our shipments in July and it looks like the river system has returned to normal but shipments on the river. But the combination of those two things certainly accounted for a significant portion of the 9% decline in shipments. That's not to say that the private sector continued to be weak as well. So it's a combination, the 9% is a combination of bad weather and weak private sector markets, and I can't give you a precise tonnage breakdown between the 2.
John F. Kasprzak: That's fair. No, that's helpful, thanks. With regard to California, where you saw some nice pickup in volume and you mentioned some large projects, I mean is that what you sort have been talking about, i.e. the big lag spending stimulus dollars? Are we seeing some of that spending now and do you expect, given that the large projects, I mean do we expect the sort of good volume gains to continue there through the balance of the year?
Donald M. James: In fact, really, the second half is going to be more impacted by the large project work than the second quarter was, but as you saw, our California shipments were up I think 24% in the second quarter. The vast majority of that was in public infrastructure projects, and those public infrastructure projects are also a piece of the large project work that we have that forms the basis of our view that our volumes will be up 2% to 6% I guess in the second half. So it is large project work, primarily [ph] highways, in California. When you get back to the East, there is -- there are highway projects, and in addition, there are some large significant Department of Defense projects at -- in Georgia, in Maryland, in D.C., including the Coast Guard headquarters, so there's a lot of defense projects in these numbers as well for the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Longbow Research.
Joshua Borstein: This is Josh Borstein in for Garik. Two questions for you. You mentioned in the press release that most of the 4 million tons of aggregate volumes shortfall in 2Q wouldn't be recovered in the second half. Should we expect to model that returning in 2012 or is that just volumes that you don't expect to return at all?
Donald M. James: The volume will ultimately get shipped, and it's -- clearly, the $4 million that we missed in the second quarter is likely to be shipped in the second half. It just won't be incremental to the second half, and some of that, when we tried to explain that there's probably some weakness in the private sector that will not occur -- I mean the shipments into the private sector will be weaker in the second half than we originally thought, and there'll probably be some weakness in highway spending, weaker highway spending than we had earlier thought, but -- so the volume will flow through. It's just being offset by some additional weakness in the second half, if that makes sense. I mean, the 4 million tons that were not shipped are not gone forever. It's just the whole flow of that material will occur, but it'll -- so the second half will be impacted by a carryover of some of the second quarter material, but then some of the other projects that we were looking at for the second half will be pushed off into 2012. I rambled on that, and I'm sorry, but it isn't 4 million discrete tons that are gone forever, it's a flow-through of that material through the remainder of the year, along with the normal projects that we had projected for the second half.
Joshua Borstein: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then just one follow-up question, California. I realized it's one of your biggest states in terms of revenue. Volumes were awfully good and look to continue. Do you think that volumes in that state have recovered enough to support some price increases either this year or early next year?
Donald M. James: Certainly, we believe that we'll -- I think the missing piece in California right now is the private sector. The public sector, the big projects tend to be competitive, obviously, and I think in order to start regaining significant price growth in California, we're going to need some help from the private sector as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Jamie Baskin: This is Jamie Baskin on the line for Kathryn. With the $25 million reduction in CapEx, are you scrapping the larger projects, cutting back across the board? What's really going on here?
Donald M. James: Well, CapEx, as we've said a number of times, is really just a function of the tons of rock that run through our mobile equipment and our crushing plants, and as we have reprojected our needs based on volume, we think we don't need to spend $125 million, all the $125 million. It's not in any particular large project per se, it's just a realization that we don't need to spend the money this year given the condition of our plant and equipment and the volumes were running through it. For example, we produced about 2.5 million tons less in the second quarter than we did last year, and you just don't wear out your plant when you produce less.
Jamie Baskin: Okay, that makes sense. My next question, can you talk about maybe your internal contingency plans around maybe more cost cutting if the economy slips back into a recession?
Donald M. James: Well, certainly. I mean, we will take serious looks at which plants we run and how long we run them and what parts of the year. We'll continue to take hard looks at overhead cost. We've continued to look hard at CapEx because if there is a double-dip recession, private sector spending is at such low levels. It's hard to imagine it can get any lower, but it certainly can, I'm sure, but we're down 75% in sort of contract awards in spending in both residential and private non-res and we're at levels that are 40% or 45% lower than we've ever seen in the last 40 years. So, that being said, is there more downside? Certainly there could be, but we do have a number of options that we can execute that will further shrink our cost base to better align it with market demand.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil from Davenport & Company.
Todd Vencil: Don, can you tell me -- housekeeping issue. Can you tell me the average diesel price in the quarter and how many gallons you went through?
Donald M. James: Well, the average diesel price in the quarter was about $3.46 a gallon, and one of my colleagues will flip over...
Daniel Sansone: We went through about 10.8 million gallons in the quarter.
Todd Vencil: Okay, and Donald, was that -- I'm sorry, was that $3.42?
Daniel Sansone: $3.46.
Todd Vencil: $3.46.
Donald M. James: And that's up from $2.43, which yields the 43% increase in the unit cost of diesel fuel. Fortunately, as we went through the quarter, it dropped from April to May and May to June, so there's a good trend. And I guess oil prices are down, were down yesterday I guess with the whole stock market and all the other fear and trembling in the financial markets, but we're looking for a full year number that's probably slightly less than the second quarter but sort of in the same range.
Todd Vencil: Got it. That's helpful. I appreciate the comments on what's going on with the question on reauthorization, and I think you said that you think we're going to get a continuing resolution here at the end of September.
Donald M. James: Well, I just don't think there's a reasonable likelihood that a formal bill is going to get passed either on a 2-year basis or a 6-year basis by September 30, so the first step's going to be some sort of extension, whether it's a continuing resolution or formal extension, will get worked out shortly, but -- and then there'll be some discussion as last indicated in our comments, we and everybody else in this large coalition of people who have an interest in highways, very much prefer the Senate 2-year bill. It would be a formal 2-year bill or a formal 2-year extended [ph] funding. The issue there is, to achieve that, they're -- they need to find a $12 billion offset for some other -- from some other spending cuts to support the Highway Program. Fortunately, the chair of the Senate Finance Committee, Max Baucus, is a member of the Senate EPW Committee, and in a public hearing a couple of weeks ago, he said they are reasonably certain they'll find it, and they found some of it, and they are working on it. And so that is the process I think that will need to occur is that the Senate Finance Committee will find an offset. That offset will be used to support the Senate formal 2-year extension of the highway bill at current levels plus inflation. It's bipartisan, hopefully, it will pass the Senate on a bipartisan basis, then it will go to the House. As you know, the House number is a very different-looking bill. It's 6-year based on the level of spending that the current gasoline tax would support. As I indicated, when you show the number to individual Senators and Congressmen and say "Is your DOT and your governor prepared to accept this kind of cut in its federal support for infrastructure," there are very few people who will say yes to that. So it's going to be an interesting time, but I think step 1 is a short-term extension at what levels we'll have to see. But there's plenty of money in the Highway Trust Fund to extend it at current levels for the next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Your next caution comes from the line of Scott Levine from JPMorgan. .
Scott J Levine: I think you mentioned in your press release here that weakness in both residential and non-residential, lingering softness I think you say, is a factor and not expecting to recoup some of the volumes you initially expected this year. Is there market weakness in one area versus another? Is one relatively strong versus another? How would you compare recent trends or trends really since you initially provided guidance for 2011 on both the resi side versus the non-resi side and how they each played out relative to your initial expectations?
Donald M. James: Well, as we look for the full year, we actually expect res to be up sort of mid-single digits, and that's all driven by multi-family construction, apartment construction, not single-family housing. Non-res for the rest of the year, we expect to be down mid to high single digits, but I think the -- I think what we're seeing, and there are 2 different metrics here: one is the shipments we see going into those end markets for the remainder of 2011, which in both cases, or at least in the case of non-res, we think will be down from last year; in the case of res, up from last year, both coming off very low levels. But I think the more important statistic is when you look at contract awards, and as I tried to say in my prepared remarks, we've seen contract awards going into construction for manufacturing facilities. It's been up and up sharply for, at least on a trailing 12-month basis, for the last 6 or 9 months. For the first time, we're seeing contract awards for both stores and office buildings. While we saw both of those up on a trailing 3-month basis in the first quarter, we were saying, "Well, you can't really peg a trend based on a 3-month -- trailing 3-month." We can now say that on a trailing 12-month basis, contract awards for both office buildings and retail structures are up on a full trailing 12-month basis, and again, that's the first time we've seen that since first half of 2008 3 years ago. So I think there are some positive trends. They are coming off very low numbers, so percentage increases of low numbers don't move a lot of volume. But I think that shores up our view that we will see the bottom in shipments in the private non-res this year, and hopefully beginning to turn up toward the end of the year and into 2012. Single-family housing is very difficult for us to see much light at the end of the tunnel, but there's a significant increase in multi-family construction as people who previously would have bought houses or have lived in houses are now looking to move into apartments, and apartments' vacancy rates across many of our markets are small. There is a significant difference in the multi-family construction in the Vulcan-served markets versus the rest of the country. We're seeing much more robust contract awards in our markets than in the rest of the country, which we believe is driven by the favorable demographics in our markets rather than any kind of economic factor other than the fact that the foreclosure right for single-family houses in our markets has been substantially higher than in the rest of the country as well.
Scott J Levine: Got it. So maybe to summarize your -- correct me if I'm wrong here, it sounds like the recent news [ph] on contract awards, maybe non-res is a little bit more encouraging than what you see on the res side relative to your initial expectations, or would that be pushing it?
Donald M. James: Yes. I mean, if you put single-family -- I mean multi-family housing, it's really in the same pattern as private non-res or -- and single-family is very -- coming off very low base and is probably -- we don't expect to see a lot of activity there certainly for the remainder of this year.
Scott J Levine: Understood. One follow-up then on -- we got the comments regarding your recent recap on refinancing. Do you have any other thoughts -- I think you indicated you had some small maturities left in '12 and '13. Any other plans on the refinancing front to note for the next few quarters here?
Donald M. James: Well, we're in the process of moving forward with our bank group on renewal of our multiyear credit line facility, and that'll roll out over the next 2 or 3 months. And we'll report on that, I'm assuming as it gets finalized, but that's -- the existing $1.5 billion line of credit we have expires in November 2012. It's certainly our intention to have that renewed no later than November of '11 and hopefully a couple of months in advance of that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger from Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger: I wanted to just go back to one of the previous questions about CapEx and how it relates to dividends. If I look at your CapEx, even just for the full year 2009, 2010 and as I measure it as a percentage of, say, sales or depreciation, it really looks like you've been under-spending relative to historical averages, even going back to, I think 2002 or '03 when you saw your last little dip in sales. So I was wondering if you could tell me why I'm wrong if I'm thinking that you're really under-spending and that might catch up with you in the future? And then secondly, I want to just -- you talked about how you weigh CapEx versus the dividend cut, and I know that's a board decision. I'm curious, Don, what your personal opinion is on that?
Donald M. James: Yes. If you look at our CapEx over the last decade, you see huge increases in CapEx in what, 2004, '05, '06, '07, '08, and as a result of that, our plant and equipment, given the current level of production, is in good condition. We just don't need to spend the CapEx now. At some point, when volume starts coming up or with the passage of time, we will need to move back to higher levels of CapEx spending but we just simply do not need that today either for -- we certainly don't need to spend anything to increase our production capacity. We simply need to replace what needs to be replacing from an efficiency standpoint. The other thing that's running through our depreciation that you're seeing is the effects of purchase accounting, and so instead of assets being depreciated on a historical basis, with purchase accounting you write everything up at fair market value and you start all over again, and acquisitions are the basis of that. So we're not intentionally cutting CapEx. We're just trying to spend the money prudently as needed to keep our plant and equipment running efficiently. Now the -- and we certainly will never cut CapEx to pay a dividend. The -- our whole strategy on dividends, as I've said before when what our board looks at, is look at our cash earnings, look at our needs for CapEx and look what is left over, and we believe returning cash to shareholders is appropriate along with a projection of being able to get our debt paid down over time. The real issue for us is volume. When we get any kind of volume recovery, our ability to generate cash to reduce debt will be very substantial. So our -- the way we analyze it is cash earnings, CapEx, look at what's left over and see what is appropriate to return to shareholders. We really at this point, because of the refinancing, don't have any debt to repay other than a little bit in the revolving credit agreement, which is just a sort of a seasonality of working capital requirements that's covered by that. I hope I've addressed your question.
Adam Rudiger: Yes. So just on the debt though, given the refinancing, should we assume that this -- your interest now is about -- is guiding to $51 million-or-so a quarter for the last 2 quarters this year. If that's going to maintain that level, I would think you'd want to. I mean that's going to next year offset any kind of SG&A savings you're going to get, so would you, will you still have a strong preference for paying that debt down, getting the interest cost down and so...?
Donald M. James: Well, one of the problems, as you saw with the second quarter, when we go out and pay debt early, we have to pay a premium for it. We've paid a large premium to buy those bonds back in those '12 and '13, 2012, 2013 maturities, so it -- in theory, we'd love to pay debt down. The reality is we really don't have any debt to pay down now except either doing a very high-priced tender offer for some of our outstanding debt or paying down our revolver, and as you see, we've got, I guess in June 30, we have something like over $100 million of cash on the balance sheet. The practical answer is, that's not prudent for us to do at this point.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts from Jefferies. .
Michael Betts: I had 3 questions, if I could. The first one, just to explain maybe the tax judge then, it was a quite a high rate in Q2. The second one, Don, maybe you could explain what happened or give us some more details on Florida both in terms of the volume trend in Q2 and also on pricing. And then my third question, obviously very good price movements Q2-on-Q2 but on aggregates, but when I look sequentially, I think if my calculations are right or I've got the right numbers, it was only up about $0.03. Is that due to the timing of the price increases this year, because I think the first one was in January, and can I lead from that into -- because I think you've put a midyear price increase. At what sort of success you've had with that and what the expectation might be in the second half where in reality we're mainly looking for the impact of that in 2012?
Donald M. James: Mike, I say this completely tongue-in-cheek, if you don't understand the tax rate, we don't have time to explain it to you. But I'm being facetious. I'll ask Dan -- because it is confusing a lot of people, but Dan...?
Daniel Sansone: Actually, Mike, I was hoping you would have asked that question to Don. But here -- let me try to give you a summary of the tax rate machinations, and then if the summary isn't adequate, we can go into a bit more detail. First of all, I would encourage you to think -- look at the tax rate on a year-to-date basis, not from a quarterly basis, because the process that companies have to go through in booking their tax rate is to begin by looking at the best estimate of the full year rate and the corresponding dollars of tax provision, and ensure that through the year-to-date results, in this case the first 6 months, that you have brought the accrual in line with your estimated full year rate. So what happened to us in the second quarter is there was some true-up adjustment necessary to get the first 6-month rate essentially in line with where we needed it to be. What may be more helpful than going into all those machinations, I would start by maybe encouraging you to look at it on a full year basis, and let me try to walk you through what I think would be the best way to think about the tax rate on a full year basis and almost take it on faith that what's booked in the first quarter and the second quarter is just bringing our year-to-date results in line with our thinking about the full year rate. And what I'd encourage you to do is go through your earnings models and come up with your best guess of our full year pretax earnings. The first step is I would apply a statutory rate of 35% to that earnings or loss, and if it's a loss, make the assumption that we will get a benefit, a tax benefit in the provision of 35% of that full year pretax loss. Then we have one really significant permanent difference in our tax provision and that's statutory depletion, and again, I think the best way to think about depletion is on an annual basis, not on a quarterly or year-to-date basis. If you look at last year's results for the company, we recorded statutory depletion in 2010 of approximately $20 million, $20.3 million to be more precise. That depletion benefit is going to move from year to year, up or down, based principally on changes in volume and the underlying profitability of the aggregates operations. And when I say volume, I mean volume of aggregates, not the downstream products, because ready-mixed concrete and asphalt do not generate depletion benefit, although the Cement business does. But in the grand scheme of our depletion calculation, it's driven by aggregates. So I think as you look at the depletion benefit we recorded last year, you then go back to your earnings model and say "What assumptions have you made for aggregate shipments?" And if they're flat, your prior-year depletion number is going to be in the ballpark with the amount of depletion that we will report for 2011 plus or minus a few -- 5%, give or take a little bit. And then if you get those 2 items down, meaning the tax at the statutory 35% rate and the depletion benefit, everything else that flowed through our tax provision last year netted out to about just over $2 million, and there's nothing else going on in 2011 that we see right now that will cause that all other number to be more than $2 million or $3 million. So I think you look at your operating results, get the tax at the statutory rate, look at depletion, and again that'll be somewhere in the $20 million to $21 million neighborhood in all likelihood given your volume assumptions I assume, and then all other is a small number. That's the way I think about the tax provision. I could go on for an hour and a half on the quarter-to-quarter mechanics but I don't think that's going to change the real answer, which is what's it going to be for the full year.
Donald M. James: I will add this, Mike. We didn't invent the system for calculating tax rates. This is one of the benefits of the clarity that GAAP accounting brings to our financial statements, so we just do it the way the rules tell us to do it, and that's the way it shows up.
Daniel Sansone: And Mike, if that discussion wasn't helpful, I can either try again here or we can follow up off-line and go into the quarterly stuff in more detail.
Michael Betts: No, that's helpful, Dan. I think that gives me what I need.
Donald M. James: On the other 2 questions, Mike, if -- I will -- if you try to do quarter-to-quarter sequential pricing from a cold weather quarter to a warm weather quarter, you will be overwhelmed with complications. The reality is that the geographic mix shifts greatly from Q1 to Q2. The product mix shifts greatly from Q1 to Q2. For example, there are very few places in the country where people are actually doing asphalt paving in the first quarter and there are not many places in the country where large quantities of concrete are poured in the first quarter relative to the second quarter, so you get a distortion that is not helpful. I mean, you just can't understand -- there are too many changes in the product mix and the geographic mix to look at things on a sequential basis in this business because we're so seasonally affected. You asked about Florida. Demand remains weak in Florida, but pricing is improving. Our -- as we indicated, our concrete prices in the whole company are up, and Florida's certainly up as well. Our aggregate prices on a product-adjusted basis are up, really higher than the total company is up, so we think Florida, while demand is weak, we think pricing has certainly stabilized and is moving in the right direction in both concrete and aggregates. The thing that is going to be necessary for Florida demand to recover will be some recovery in housing and related recovery in private non-res construction. As we've said before, Florida has a fair amount of stimulus money yet to spend on its highway program, but there's just a huge -- still a housing problem in Florida. You may have seen the article in the Wall Street Journal about all of the cash purchases of new high-rise condos in Miami. I think those are the kinds of things that will ultimately bring Florida back, but it's going to take a while.
Michael Betts: And Don, just a follow-up final question. The midyear price increase, Don, was at midyear or is it more September, or does it vary by state? Is it significant, and how's it holding?
Donald M. James: Well, I'll say what I've said many, many times before. Our price increases are a moving job-by-job, product-by-product, market-by-market movement. There's not a set price increase across the board on all products and all markets at a single time frame. That's just not the way pricing in our business, or certainly in our company works. There are price increases, they are flowing through. I think one of the caveats I'll tell you is there is a lag effect between the volume in a quarter and the pricing in a quarter. There's relatively little material that's shipped in the quarter that's priced in that quarter. So as you see volumes moving and you asked about what's the effect on pricing, the effect on pricing is oftentimes delayed by a quarter or more in terms of when the actual shipments go out the gate from when the material is actually quoted and the order is booked.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Yes, just -- and maybe as a follow-up to the last, Don, I guess I'm just trying to get clarification but you did mention sort of broader-based regional improvement in pricing for aggregates. Are there still markets for you, maybe ones that are a little bit more material to you, whether it's that top 5 or top 10 where you're still seeing maybe significant downward pressure in pricing or even if those stabilized?
Donald M. James: There would be individual markets, and by a market, I'm talking about a piece of a metropolitan area somewhere where there may be pricing pressure and/or because of large project work, and certainly the competitive environment in which we operate, that we and others are -- bid large projects aggressively, and when those projects ship, it will have an impact on our rate-adjusted selling prices in that market. That said, I think there is a lot more stability in pricing than there was a year ago and certainly 2 years ago. When this recession started in a big way and the stimulus work came out, there was a lot of aggressive pricing in order to book the stimulus work because that was about all that was on the horizon and then you were seeing shipments into private non-res and residential construction dropping 20%, 25% per year. You're not seeing that now. There's much more stability in the level of demand at low levels, but there is stability. And I think anybody who's been in this business for any significant period of time understands that in an individual market, there's very little price elasticity to the demand for aggregates, and in an individual market, nothing -- you're not going to change the overall demand for aggregates by raising or lowering prices. It's just the shipping radius is too small because of all the factors you're aware of, and as a result of that, there's competition in every market for every job, but you really don't see the kind of price swings you would see in global commodities where material can move all over the world. You don't see the upside of pricing, you don't see the downside. So one of the factors in this quarter that we tried to highlight is that, while our freight-adjusted prices increased about 2.5%, the variation around that number across the company is less than it's been in some prior quarters, and we think that's because the -- there's much more stability and visibility in the end markets today than there were over the last couple of years when nobody could see the bottom.
Brent Thielman: Okay, thanks for that. And then as a follow-up, it looks like a nice progression in pricing on the Asphalt mix business, and I'm just curious, is there anything mix-related there that would impact that number? And then also, can you kind of talk about how that pricing progressed through the quarter sort of April through June?
Donald M. James: The asphalt mix is largely going to large infrastructure projects, highway projects. We have asphalt in California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas, and it's heavily public sector infrastructure. And asphalt mix pricing is sensitive to asphalt oil cost but with a lag. So as liquid asphalt prices go, or liquid asphalt cost go up, it typically allows us to increase our asphalt mix prices, but typically with a lag. We are buying some amount of our asphalt oil on a spot basis, and we're contracting with our customers over longer-term periods for projects. Sometimes we pass the oil cost through, sometimes we don't, but generally, I think the higher the liquid asphalt cost, the larger the price increase for asphalt mix that you'll see flowing through our system, and if we do it right, we're able to expand our material margin, and therefore, our margin [indiscernible] business as we raise our prices in response to liquid asphalt cost.
Brent Thielman: And have you seen some stabilization in liquid asphalt costs at this point?
Donald M. James: Not really. I would say that...
Daniel Sansone: Continuing to creep.
Donald M. James: Yes, it's up I think in the 560 range in the second quarter compared to about 477 a year ago, and we think that we're [ph] probably going to stay in about that range. So -- but that's an estimate on our part, and that's a lot of different markets, a lot of different suppliers, so that's the average that we have, and I'm not -- there's not a monthly trend that -- it's still trending up somewhat whereas diesel fuel is trending down, so I think that's -- they don't move in lockstep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets.
Tom Austin: This is actually Tom Austin on for Bob Wetenhall. I just wanted to kind of clarify some of your comments about your expectations for the federal transportation spending and kind of just close the loop on what you think that means for next year. If you guys think that, maybe baseline expectations, are that we're going to do a continuing resolution through next year that keeps funding at steady levels, and then maybe you have some stimulus funds that are coming off but maybe some states that are stepping up to kind of fill the gap, do you think that would, all equal, if we get a continuing resolution with equal funding, do you think that would lead to flat volumes next year, maybe slightly increased, maybe slightly down? I don't know if you guys have any kind of expectations for that.
Donald M. James: Well, I won't answer it in terms of what our expectations for our volumes would be next year because that's something we'll do some -- a lot more work on before we try to give an outlook on that. But with respect to funding next year, on the federal side, I think the range of possibilities would be funding at current levels, that is $41 billion, $42 billion plus, maybe an inflation adjustment. As in the Senate EPW outline, probably the low end would be the number that's in the House T&I outline. As I said, there is enough money in the Highway Trust Fund to stay at current levels through FY '12 and probably halfway through FY '13, so in a continuing resolution or short-term extension scenario, the money is there. There's probably going to be -- probably some likelihood that that would provide for continuing funding at current levels. Stimulus will, of course, continue to wind down as we move into 2012. There's probably going to be still some stimulus money to be spent, but it will certainly be less. What we're seeing is that the states' ramp-down regular funding, state and federal funding on projects as stimulus ramped up, that was not supposed to happen, but it did. A couple of reasons for that I'm sure is one, the states only had a finite number of projects to bid during the time period of the stimulus, and they took everything they had and bid it with stimulus money, and so the regular programs tailed down. As the stimulus money is tailing off, we're seeing the regular highway contract awards, the regular state and federal-supported state contract award moving up, and I think there's a graph in our investor materials that shows that. So as we look forward, we don't think there is a downdraft from the wind-down of stimulus spending that is going to result in a significant drop in state -- I mean the total highway spending because the regular programs are moving back up to offset that. The wildcard, of course, is what happens after September 30 and what the amount will be on a continuing resolution or short-term extension, and certainly, as I've said, we are working hard along with a lot of other people, both industry and labor and organizations that represent people like the truckers and the American Automotive Build Association. There's a large coalition that says don't cut highway spending because you're going to cripple jobs, you're going to cripple consumer transportation, you're going to cripple commercial transportation, and it makes no economic sense to do that, but we'll have to see how it works out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: I had a quick question on pricing. Is there any way you could potentially decompose pricing in the second quarter, help us understand what the benefits or headwinds would've been on geographic mix, product mix versus underlying pricing?
Donald M. James: Well, the only thing I can, I think help you with there, Ted, is that the spread between the highest and lowest change in pricing has narrowed, which says to me that across the country, across markets, there is more stability in pricing and there's less aberrational activity. In terms of product mix, we probably have more asphalt stone and concrete stone in the second quarter as a percent of the product mix than in the first quarter because of the weather and the ability to do paving work and pour concrete as the weather warms, but that's no different than the second quarter last year. So that's just a sequential quarter issue in terms of last year's second quarter versus this one. I know of no huge geographic mix shift or product mix shift that is worthy of mentioning. If we have, we would've mentioned it.
Ted Grace: Okay, that's helpful. And then secondly, in terms of just how we think about the pricing expectations implied in the back half of this year, is there any kind of assumption built in that you'll get, for example, a lot more maintenance work that would imply more clean washed stone, which has better pricing and hence would be a tailwind, all else equal?
Donald M. James: We hadn't changed our outlook for full year pricing. We've said 1 to 3, we got 2.5 in the second quarter, a little less than that year-to-date. But generally, as we move through the year, the price increases that we've been able to put into effect start materializing in actual shipments and then showing up in our reported pricing. So I think we're comfortable with our price forecast for the full year. It is, as I've said many times before, it's a lot clearer after the quarter's over, and we look back and calculate our pricing than it is at the beginning of the quarter looking forward as exactly how it's going to play out because there are literally thousands and thousands of individual pricing decisions that roll through to get to that result, and what goes out the gate in the quarter is what's counted, not what what's been booked in that quarter. So we believe we're -- that pricing has stabilized. There's opportunity going forward for price growth and we're certainly working hard to get that in all of our product lines, and we're pleased, very pleased with the success of that effort in the second quarter.
Ted Grace: Perfect, that's very helpful. And then the second question I was hoping to ask you is, in terms of thinking about your margins in the aggregate segment in the back half of this year and to whatever degree you're comfortable talking longer-term, can we just walk through the puts and takes of the cost structure, the big bucket cost, labor, R&M, supplies, energy, and how we might, if at all, tweak our expectations on incrementals given a lot of companies, this quarter in particular, have had a tough time on the price cost balance? So if you could just help us maybe recalibrate our expectations on incrementals or cost pressures, that would be great.
Donald M. James: I'm going to get Dan and he'll [ph] run through that with you in some detail, but for us, the big variable in the Aggregates business is diesel fuel cost. That's what moves around. And on the GAAP side, not the cash side, but on the GAAP side, it's absorption of DD&A with production volumes. But I'll let Dan cover that with more sophistication than I can.
Daniel Sansone: Ted, if you look at our cost per ton of aggregates in the first half of this year compared to the first half of last year, I think the basic relationships that we have cited previously have remained substantially the same, and I'm talking now about total costs. Our labor in fringes this year for aggregates have averaged around 25%, 26% of our total spend for producing a ton of aggregate. On a per-unit basis this year, that's a little bit higher than it was last year, and I think part of it is what Don just referred to being a function of lower volume. There's some of that labor cost is somewhat fixed, but additionally, we have had some higher repair and maintenance spending this year as compared to last year, and that number is going to move around a little bit, and frankly, will drift a little bit higher before it comes down because in part of the curtailed capital spending. So while we're not pushing the equipment nearly as hard as we did a couple of years ago, we're not replacing as much, so on the margin, we're encountering some more repair and maintenance expense. At a practical standpoint, you can think about it this way: You've got 2 pieces of equipment. You need to run only one. You run the one, it breaks. You park it. You run the second one. If something breaks, you have to fix it. So you can have a little bit of that and you do incur some wages and labor to repair that equipment, and we did see a corresponding increase in the first half of this year in our -- excuse me, in our cost of parts and supplies. Again, it crept up a little higher on a per-unit basis or on a -- as a percentage of the total. But if you step back from that and you look at the basic cost structure of the business, it isn't changing a whole lot on the variable side. It's not changing dramatically. And as we get into recovery and begin to see meaningful volume increase, we still expect to see very, very powerful contribution margins as the variable cost of producing a ton of this stuff is a heck of a lot lower than the selling price. So I think we would still stick with the view that through the early years of meaningful recovery, a 60% contribution margin on incremental aggregates revenues is still not unrealistic to achieve.
Ted Grace: Okay, great. That's helpful because that's the net of the question. And then the last thing I was hoping to ask is, I think Don cited $4.9 billion of remaining stimulus funds in Vulcan states. Is there any way you can catch that just so we understand what that spend would look like in 2010? Do you have a sense for what that spend looked like in the first half of this year and what your expectations are for the back half, and then if you assume the balance gets captured in 2012 or if it's a longer tail than that? And I'll get back in the queue.
Donald M. James: One of my colleagues has that data. He's bringing it to me now so I don't bring it from the...
Ted Grace: If it's sensitivity, other people have questions, I can talk to Mark about it off-line if that's easier for you, Don.
Donald M. James: Okay, why don't you do that, because we've got all the -- we've got it by state. It's all -- it's not our estimates. It's federal government numbers, and it is, I think accurate and [indiscernible] those numbers to you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Carly Mattson from Goldman Sachs.
Carly Mattson: I just wanted to touch back on the revolving renewal. Would Vulcan consider offering security in turn for lower rates, or what other factors are being considered in the revolver renewal?
Daniel Sansone: Well, I think it's too early to answer that question definitively. We're in the midst of our discussions with the banks. We've not yet launched a deal. We're still reviewing proposals, and obviously, given our credit rating and our leverage, the discussion of security is ongoing and we're trying to evaluate and measure the trade-offs between security and the lack of security as it relates both to pricing and the corresponding, both covenants and negative covenants. It is our strong desire to continue to pursue an unsecured revolver, but I must qualify that by saying until we complete this review and actually launch a deal and see how receptive the market is, I don't want to predict with where it'll end up, but we're pushing hard towards an unsecured transaction.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. James for closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Great. Thank you very much for calling in today. We appreciate your interest. Thank you for your questions. We look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter and look forward to meeting with many of you in investor meetings later on in the year. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. We thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter Vulcan Materials Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lisa, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed.
Donald M. James: Good morning, and thank you for joining this conference to discuss Vulcan's first quarter results. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, Executive Vice President, Construction Materials. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Let me begin by making some brief remarks about last week's tragic and devastating tornadoes that moved across the Southeast. As you know, our home state, Alabama, was particularly hard-hit by these storms. First, from the human perspective, I'm pleased to report that all Vulcan employees living in the numerous affected areas in Alabama as well as Mississippi, Georgia, Tennessee, North Carolina and Virginia are safe, although some employees have lost their homes, and many more have suffered serious property damage. But there's great devastation, loss of life and many tragedies as a result of the tornadoes in many of the communities where Vulcan has operations. Virtually all of us here in Alabama and our other southeastern states know someone affected by the storms. So on behalf of all current and former Vulcan employees, let me say that our thoughts and prayers go out to those who have suffered loss. Vulcan is actively involved in the recovery effort here in Alabama and in our other affected states with both human resources and financial support. I would like to thank every employee who has jumped into action to help others. Your can-do effort helps makes this organization special. From an operations perspective, we had modest damage and electrical outages in several locations but nothing that should impact our ability to serve our customers going forward. Turning now to the first quarter. Our results were generally in line with our expectations and support our broader expectations for full year volume and earnings growth in 2011. Freight-adjusted aggregates pricing was in line with the first quarter of the prior year. Unit materials margins were higher in both ready-mix concrete and asphalt mix. On a comparable basis, SAG expenses were flat with the prior year, and a significant amount of the earnings effect from higher unit cost for diesel fuel and liquid asphalt was recovered through improved production efficiencies in Aggregates and higher pricing for asphalt mix. One aspect of our first quarter results that was outside our expectations was the weather impact on March sales volumes. After a very solid start in January and February, extremely wet weather hampered aggregate shipments in March in many of our key markets. As a result, aggregate shipments in the first quarter were almost 3% lower than last year's first quarter. Despite the inclement March weather, our Virginia, Tennessee and Georgia Aggregates businesses realized increases in shipments compared to last year's first quarter. Older markets, however, including South Carolina, Florida and along the Gulf Coast experienced declines in shipments. Freight-adjusted aggregate pricing in the first quarter was in line with the prior year but, more importantly, is underpinned by several factors we consider to be positive. First, there was less variation around the change in average selling prices across our geographic footprint. Second, on a same-store basis, adjusted for mix and freight, the overall average selling price was slightly above last year's levels. More specifically, the adjusted selling price in Florida increased from the prior year's level, a very positive sign for one of our important markets. During this economic downturn, our employees have effectively managed the business. These efforts have not only included minimizing cost but have also included aggressive management of working capital, including a reduction in total aggregates inventory. In the prior year, inventory reduction negatively affected our GAAP earnings and margins because of the reduced production levels. In the first quarter of this year, our production cost benefited from our ability to increase production and efficiency and helped to offset a 34% increase in the unit cost for diesel fuel. Overall, first quarter segment earnings in Aggregates were approximately $11 million versus $15 million last year. Most of the decline in segment earnings in aggregates related to the lower volumes. In our Asphalt segment, earnings were a loss of $200,000 versus earnings of $1 million in last year's first quarter. Selling prices for asphalt mix increased 4%, offsetting most of the earnings effect of the 12% increase in liquid asphalt cost. Unit material margins in the first quarter increased slightly from the prior year and were in line with those in the second half of 2010. In our Concrete business, the segment loss of $14 million improved from last year's first quarter. Unit materials margins in ready-mixed concrete improved from last year's first quarter due primarily to higher pricing. The average unit price for ready-mixed concrete increased 4% from the prior year. The Cement segment first quarter loss of $3 million was due primarily to a scheduled maintenance event in the quarter. There were no similar events in last year's first quarter, and no similar events are scheduled for the remainder of 2011. SAG expenses in the first quarter were $77.5 million versus $86.5 million in the prior year's first quarter. Excluding the effect of the $9 million non-cash charge for donated real estate from last year's first quarter, SAG expenses were flat with the prior year. The $25.5 million in recovery from legal settlements included in the current year's first quarter results reflects the arbitration award we received from insurers related to the lawsuit settled last year with the Illinois Department of Transportation. A further arbitration proceeding to recover additional amounts that we paid in settlement and for defense cost is pending against another insurer. The timing and amount of recovery from this insurer, if any, is unknown at this time. Earnings from discontinued operations are due principally to receipt of an annual earn-out related to the 2005 sale of the company's Chemicals business as well as the $7.5 million pretax gain due to an insurance arbitration award referable to previously settled lawsuits against the company's divested Chemicals business. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year. Let me start by saying that we expect earnings growth in 2011 driven mostly by growth in Aggregates earnings. We continue to expect aggregate pricing in 2011 to increase 1% to 3% from last year's levels and for Aggregate shipments to be 2% above last year. We expect the full year growth in volumes to be weighted more toward the second half of the year, driven primarily by growth in demand. Weather-related disruptions in March and April across our markets in the Southeast and along the Mississippi River system will likely impact shipments in the near term and push some demand to later in the year. The full extent of the impact on shipments in the second quarter or in the second half of the year cannot be fully assessed until water levels recede in the Mississippi River system and storm damage across the Southeast is cleaned up enough to start reconstruction activity. Certain large projects in a number of our key markets are expected to start in the second half of the year and support our expectations for second half volumes growth. Higher selling prices for aggregates and the benefits of production efficiencies and cost management measures are expected to offset higher energy-related cost pressures expected throughout the remainder of the year. In our Asphalt business, we expect earnings to increase from the prior year, reflecting a modest increase in sales volumes as well as improved materials margins despite upward revisions to the estimated unit cost for liquid asphalt. In Concrete, we expect the loss reported in 2010 to narrow somewhat, while Cement earnings are expected to decrease modestly from the $4 million loss reported last year. Public construction activity, particularly highways, should continue to provide solid support for aggregates demand and help drive the operating results I just outlined. As you know, in April, Congress passed and the President signed legislation funding government programs through the remainder of the current fiscal year ending September 30, 2011. In spite of the cuts made to many programs, the legislation maintains core federal aid highway funding at fiscal year 2010 levels. And while the Congress works to draft a new 6-year Federal Highway Bill, several of our key states are proactively working to make major investments in their transportation infrastructure. In April, Virginia's governor signed into law a plan to infuse Virginia's ailing transportation infrastructure with $4 billion over the next 3 years. In Texas, lawmakers are proposing the authorization of another $3 billion of general obligation bonds for transportation needs as part of the next 2-year budget. In November 2007, Texas voters approved Proposition 12, authorizing the state legislature to issue up to $5 billion in general obligation bonds for highway improvement projects. During the 3 months ended March 2011, total contract awards for highway construction in Vulcan-served states, including awards for federal, state and local projects, were in line with the prior year compared to a decline for all the remaining non-Vulcan-served states. Within Vulcan's footprint, several key states report sharp increases in highway awards for the trailing 3 months ended March. For example, contract awards for highways in Virginia were up more than 100%. While in California and Texas, awards were up 42% and 34%, respectively. One factor driving the sharp increase in contract awards I just mentioned, particularly in Virginia, is the still significant levels of stimulus funds remaining to be spent in our states. According to the Federal Highway Administration, approximately $6 billion or 36% of the total stimulus funds apportioned for highways in Vulcan-served states remains to be spent. In general, private construction activity remains at low levels. However, some indications of stability are developing. Single-family housing starts bottomed late in 2009, and multifamily starts have shown strength in recent months, both positive indicators for residential construction activity. Our current outlook for residential construction activity assumes some continued growth in 2011, albeit from a small base. While private non-residential construction remains weak, the rate of decline in contract awards has slowed considerably. Trailing 12-month contract awards for construction activity referable to the manufacturing sector have been strong, while modest growth in retail and office construction occurred in contract awards for the trailing 3 months ended March 2011. A number of external forecasts are calling for private non-residential construction activity to bottom in 2011, and these increases in contract award activity I just mentioned provide some support to those views. The start of a sustained recovery in this end market will be influenced by employment growth, capacity utilization, business investment and lending activity. Selling, administrative and general expenses in 2011 are expected to be lower than last year. Total SAG expenses of $327 million in 2010 included approximately $24 million of certain adjustments and charges referable to the fair market value of donated real estate to severance cost and expenses related to legal settlements. In 2011, we do not anticipate similar adjustments in charges. As a result, we expect SAG expenses in 2011 of $305 million to approximate the comparable level in 2010. Interest expense for the full year is expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million based on expected interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interest on capital projects. We have carefully reviewed our capital spending needs based on projected demand levels. And as a result, we now expect to spend approximately $125 million in 2011, up from the $86 million spent in 2010 but still sharply lower than the $353 million spent in 2008. Now if our operator will give the required instructions, we'll be pleased to try to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Jamie Baskin: This is Jamie Baskin on the line for Kathryn. Can you speak to how volume trends have been since quarter end? In other words, did the bad March weather lead to any release in pent-up demand?
Donald M. James: I'm sad to say the weather in April didn't improve. It got worse. And with the tornadoes and the rains and the destruction -- the disruptions of shipping and production. So while we don't give monthly volume, certainly, the weather impact has continued negatively.
Jamie Baskin: Okay. And then as a percentage of sales, can you talk to how much of your revenues are directly related to stimulus in Q1? And do you have -- and what your expectations are for fiscal year '11?
Donald M. James: I can answer it this way -- and this is largely federal government data, and it's on a fiscal year basis rather than a calendar year basis, but it gives you some indication. The total stimulus spending for highways in 2010 was about $11.8 billion. In 2011, it's -- well, we anticipate it'll be $9.4 billion. But I think the more important factor for us is that a number of our key states still have a lot of stimulus money to spend. For example, Virginia has spent -- still has almost 70% of its  stimulus money yet to spend. Georgia, California and Florida have almost 1/2 of their stimulus money yet to spend. So there's still a significant stimulus effect moving forward, but I can't tell you how much of our revenue in the first quarter came from stimulus projects.
Jamie Baskin: Okay. And then my final question, we've been hearing rumblings about midyear price increase in aggregates. Just wanted to see if you could provide your thoughts on that.
Donald M. James: Well, we have put in price increases in a number of markets already this year. We'll continue, as market conditions warrant, to put in price increases. We -- as we've said many, many times before, we don't have a generalized across-the-board price increase on January 1 to July 1. They are spread throughout the year based on individual market conditions, but we do expect pricing increases to take effect and are taking effect and have taken effect so far in 2011.
Jamie Baskin: Okay. That's all for me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois: It's Garik Shmois. Let me take a stab at the midyear price increase question a different way if I could. Don, given what you've seen out of markets that have secured pricing already this year, would you anticipate some markets would be able to secure a second price increase in 2011?
Donald M. James: Yes.
Garik S. Shmois: Okay. And  we assume that those would be markets in which volumes were the strongest.
Donald M. James: Generally, that would be the case.
Garik S. Shmois: Okay. And could you -- you mentioned  January and February were off to a good start. March, obviously, was hit by the weather. Is it possible to provide how much the volumes were up in January and February?
Donald M. James: I think they were up about 6% or 7% over the prior year.
Garik S. Shmois: Okay. And then on your volume guidance for the full year, you maintained the midpoint at 2%. But has the way you bracketed your guidance internally changed at all given what you've seen in 1Q and here at the beginning of 2Q? Meaning, I think on the last call, you thought that maybe there's 100 to 200 basis points either direction of that 2% volume range. Could that bracket be expanded given what you're seeing right now?
Donald M. James: Well, our range, and this is going to shock you, is 0% to 4%. So that comes in at about 2%. The volume reductions that we've seen as a result of weather we would expect to recoup by the end of the year. So it would really be a -- as I tried to indicate, we don't see the weather impact of March or April impacting negatively volumes for the full year. That volume will materialize. And I -- as I indicated too, there are several large projects that will begin across our footprint in the second half of the year. And that's really our basis for predicting volume growth in the second half and for the full year.
Garik S. Shmois: Okay. And I guess 2 quick questions on concrete and cement prices, if you could address the increase in concrete prices relative to the year ago period. What markets  you secure pricing there or whether or not it was mainly mix related and if cement price increase in Florida had gained traction here in the beginning of the year?
Donald M. James: Cement prices -- concrete prices, rather,  improved in Florida. They are also improving in some of our Western markets, and we haven't had any large drops in concrete pricing in any of our markets. On average, as I've said, they were 4% -- actually, they were up 4.4%. So we think there's some stability coming to concrete markets and, hopefully, some improvement in pricing. Cement prices are still under some pressure, but we expect stability there. Cement is driven by concrete demand. And I think the reality is that as concrete markets improve, the ability for cement price increases to stick will be substantially better.
Garik S. Shmois: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak with BB&T.
John F. Kasprzak: I was going to ask about SG&A expense in the first quarter. Is that a level, on a quarterly basis, where you more or less expect it to be for the balance of the year? Or might there be further improvements in terms of the dollar amount?
Donald M. James: I think it's -- that's adjusted for all the noise we had in there. The run rate is probably close to what we would expect for the full year.
John F. Kasprzak: Okay. With regard to diesel prices...
Donald M. James: Go ahead. I'm sorry.
John F. Kasprzak: I'm sorry. With regard to diesel prices, up 34% in the quarter, can you tell us your average price and gallons used in the quarter?
Donald M. James: We used probably about 8.5 million gallons in the quarter. Our diesel price is a blend of a lot of geographies, and a fair amount of our diesel is on-road diesel. As you may know, we have trucking businesses in Texas and Illinois, on-highway trucking, and we have ready-mixed  trucks in a number of states. So we're very happy to pay the fuel tax associated with the on-road diesel, but that does flow through our numbers. But I think we -- our first quarter price was about $3.16 including the tax and the geographic, and that was up about $0.79 from last year.
John F. Kasprzak: Okay.
Donald M. James: And we actually pay $3.16 anywhere. Probably, the answer to that is no. But if you add it all up and including the fuel tax, that's what it comes out to be.
John F. Kasprzak: Got it. And I think you had said or indicated how you think Aggregates profit will be up for the year. Obviously, first quarter is seasonally a very slow quarter, and your Aggregates profit was down a bit in the first quarter. Given the headwind from diesel, would the profit probably mirror your expectations for volume, i.e. most of the gains are likely to happen in the second half versus starting in the second quarter?
Donald M. James: Yes, I think it'll be second half driven. With our incremental margins, a little bit of volume goes  a long way. And if we can get the 1% to 3% price increase we expect and the 2% volume increase we expect, that will move the needle. The really good news  for us was that the productivity improvements in our Aggregates business in the quarter virtually fully offset this 34% increase in diesel fuel cost, and that productivity improvement is driven by the fact that we are -- we have gotten our inventory levels down to a point where we can actually run our plants now on an efficient schedule, which we did in the first quarter at least up through March when the weather hit us. But the ability to run our plants really improves our productivity, particularly our labor productivity, but every other form of productivity as well. And we enjoyed that in the first quarter, and as I said, it virtually fully offset this 34% increase in the cost of diesel fuel.
John F. Kasprzak: Okay, great.
Donald M. James: Well, that's a big deal for us. We've gone through a lot of pain over the last 2 or 3 years getting our inventory levels down so that we can actually produce to current levels of demand instead of having to pull out of inventory, which as you know, hurts your GAAP earnings.
John F. Kasprzak: Got it. Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott J Levine: You mentioned, I think, in the Aggregates business that you saw generally more uniformity in pricing trends across regions. I was hoping you might be able to comment on which regions generally experienced greater relative improvement in the quarter sequentially and any other observations you might have on regional pricing trends.
Donald M. James: Yes. What we were trying to convey is that there was less variation from prior -- from the prior year's quarter, both up and down. So the range of change narrowed. That's not to say the absolute price level equalized across the country, and I know you didn't mean to suggest that. But the change -- the places where we saw really good price improvement was in Alabama, along the Mississippi River system, in Tennessee and Kentucky, in Los Angeles, in Arizona and New Mexico, in Northern Illinois. So those are -- and as we said earlier, we actually saw some price improvement in aggregates in Florida, which was the first time we've seen that in a long time. So we're very -- we're happy and optimistic about that. So those are some of the markets. We didn't have markets that had huge price drops like we had seen in some prior quarters, and huge, I mean double digit. So that band has narrowed, which I think means that stability is coming back into the pricing environment across many, many markets.
Scott J Levine: That's encouraging to hear. One follow-up for me. It sounds like expectations of continued stability in highway funding underpin your outlook for '11. We've had some developments and some proposals regarding legislation, some news out of maybe the House, what we can expect of the Senate. Have your thoughts changed in anyway, maybe even beyond 2011? Or what are your bigger-term thoughts in terms of what we may ultimately see with renewed highway legislation?
Donald M. James: Well, that's -- that is a key focus of ours at this point as you can well imagine. The -- if you look at the balances in the existing Highway Trust Fund plus the projected receipts into the trust fund, there is ample money to maintain the current level of spending in the regular Federal Highway Program, which is $40 billion, $41-plus-or-minus billion. We can keep that level through 2012 and really into -- well into 2013 without any change in revenue going in the Highway Trust Fund. We are -- take some comfort in the fact that the bipartisan support for highway infrastructure spending at the federal level that has existed for many Congresses really became apparent again in the fact that the Highway Program was not cut in the budget cuts that have occurred so far this year. The issue that becomes the challenge is that the projected receipts in the Highway Trust Fund of $32 billion or $33 billion a year, if the new Federal Highway Program is limited to those -- that existing level, it would be a 30% to 31% drop in the money going to each of the states. When we have met with congressmen and senators and have pointed out what would seem to us to be the obvious and they have to go back to their states and say, "Tighten your belts, guys. You're only going to get -- you're going to get 69% or 70% of what you've had for the last 3 to 4 years," I think that causes a lot of concern. So the jury is still out on what happens. But the balances and the trust fund, as a result of the supplemental appropriation that went in with the HIRE Act about a year ago  created enough money in the trust fund to maintain the current level of spending at least into calendar '13. But by that point, we will have to have a new Highway Bill. So that's where we are.
Scott J Levine: Got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: The first question I was hoping to run by you is a good follow-on  to the question just asked. I was just wondering if you could help us think about -- at a little more granular level, how you're thinking about state and local government budgets. I think we all know that they're still struggling from all the articles out there talking about increases in tax receipts. What they often overshoot in the title is the fact that their cost base is rising at a faster rate, so the budget deficits are widening. You've seen in Oregon and Kansas, both governors talk about taking the money out of the Highway Trust Fund at the state level to plug budgetary holes. You had Illinois recently introduce a 6-year Highway Bill at the state level. It was about 10% smaller than its predecessor, while the state also acknowledged that they had no idea how they'd really pay for it given their credit profile. And then we've got, obviously, the issue of gas prices negatively impacting fuel consumption with federal numbers just coming out this week reaffirming that. And so just as we think about those headwinds, I'm just wondering, as a starting point, if you could talk about how you think about those issues. And I know you mentioned some of the general obligation proposals. I think you said Texas and Virginia. But are those funds really offsetting declines elsewhere? So on a net basis, can you help us understand how to think about the state issue?
Donald M. James: Well, the state and local issue is obviously in flux, and there are as many answers to your question as there are state and local governments and budgets. One of the things that we find encouraging -- and there's a U.S. Treasury Department report with an update on this topic, but some 70% to 80% of the state and local ballot initiatives to support increased spending for highways have passed. There is a -- when voters are asked to spend more money at the state and local level for a specific highway project, there has been very strong support for that across the country, which tells us that while nobody wants to pay higher gasoline taxes today, particularly with high gasoline prices, there is a strong grassroots support, because everybody is -- when you look at highway congestion numbers and highway condition numbers, the need is clearly there. Nobody debates the need. The whole issue is funding. We don't know where it's going to come out. I think we have -- our focus is largely on the Federal Highway Program at this point because we think that's where -- that's about 1/3 of the total highway spending in the U.S. State and local is about 2/3, but some states and some locations are increasing. Some, as you point out, are diverting highway funds for budget deficits. So there are many different stories around the country, but there has been great stability in highway contract awards as we pointed out in the Vulcan-served states, notwithstanding all the noise. Highway contract awards have been maintained at the levels of the last year or 2, which is true at the federal level as well. So the answer to the question is there are a lot of different movements in a lot of different places, but when you run them all through the system, there has been great stability in the highway spending. But the big issue, the single biggest issue is going to be at the renewal of the multiyear Federal Highway Bill and how that comes out.
Ted Grace: Sure. And kind of as part B to that question, I was just wondering if you could talk about -- can you just help us kind of calibrate how we should think about the impact of rising diesel prices, liquid asphalt pricing? And if you could touch on what your liquid asphalt costs were in the quarter, that would be great. And potentially, aggregate price increases on fixed budgets at the -- at least on the road and highway side for state, local and federal, because as you have that inflation, right, the dollars are fixed. You can consume less aggregates ultimately. I mean, that's what my -- intuitively, you’d assume. So could you just help us understand how that kind of balance works?
Donald M. James: Well, certainly, liquid asphalt prices were up about 12% in the quarter over the same quarter last year. And we're projecting higher liquid asphalt prices throughout '11, and that's built into our projections. Fortunately, our asphalt mix prices are up, which is generally what happens.  Asphalt mix prices respond with some lag because of the whole bidding process to increases in liquid asphalt cost. We're expecting, as we said, our materials margins in asphalt to improve, which means we anticipate price improvement more than offsetting the increased cost of liquid asphalt along with some productivity improvements and higher volumes in some of our markets, which would improve our productivity.
Ted Grace: And I guess that's confusing [ph]...
Donald M. James: There is, clearly, with $1 of highway spending, if it's going -- if a larger portion of that dollar is going to liquid asphalt that means a smaller portion of the dollar will go to everything else, including aggregates. So there is some marginal impact there on the higher input cost.
Ted Grace: Okay. And then if I heard you correctly, did you say your infrastructure volumes would be down 20% year-over-year was the internal expectation?
Donald M. James: I didn't say that.
Ted Grace: Okay. I apologize. I guess I misheard you. I guess...
Donald M. James: Actually, we're looking that -- we think infrastructure, including public and private, it'll be up slightly in 2011 over 2010.
Ted Grace: Okay. Maybe it was -- the context was the stimulus. Because if I look at your expectations, you said $9.4 billion spent this year versus $11 billion over last year.
Donald M. James: Yes, that's highway stimulus.
Ted Grace: Yes. So I guess, 2 questions. One, how do you offset that? And two, basically, if I look at your numbers, you're assuming that all the stimulus dollars will be consumed by the end of this calendar year. If you look at the CBO analysis, I think that's often slight...
Donald M. James: I didn't say that.
Ted Grace: But I know you spent $5.7 billion in 2009 and $11.8 billion last year. So if you spend $9.4 billion now, that's $27 billion. So that's basically the whole pot. But the CBO analysis would tell you they think that 10% to 15% is going to get spent in 2012 and beyond. So I was wondering if you can help us reconcile...
Donald M. James: We have -- our numbers from  CBO say $2.5 billion in fiscal '12.
Ted Grace: I'm talking calendar year. So maybe that's -- I was going to -- because you...
Donald M. James: All right, so let me back up. You said infrastructure. We have a separate category for infrastructure, which is non-highway infrastructure. We see that being up 2%. Our highway piece, we see up being 5% for the year. That is a combination of higher spending out of the regular Federal Highway Program. Again, these are fiscal year numbers -- up from $32 billion in 2010 to $35.6 billion in 2011, and that more than offsets -- that $3.6 billion increase there more than offsets the $2.4 billion decline in the stimulus spending for highways  at federal level. So the net -- there's a net increase in projected spending for federal highways in 2011 over '10 if that helps you.
Ted Grace: Yes. That's actually exactly what I was hoping to ask. And the last question, I promise. Just in terms of the dividend, can you just give us a sense of how you think about the stability of the dividend? I think given the cash generation profile and the liquidity expectations you have -- and I know it's something you guys talk about of the board level, but can you just give us a sense for how comfortable you are with the sustainability of the quarter -- the $0.25 per quarter?
Donald M. James: Sure. I think the basic issue is you pay dividends out of cash earnings, not out of GAAP earnings. And we look at our cash earnings as the source of cash flow for dividends, and we -- our cash earnings are sufficient to pay the dividend and fund our CapEx program and help with some debt reduction.
Ted Grace: Okay. That's great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Can you talk about whether pricing momentum continued through the tough weather period in March and April? And also, can you touch on what kind of ready-mix pricing trends you're seeing out of your customers in areas where you're not vertically integrated in that business?
Donald M. James: Our view is that concrete pricing not only is going up but has to go up because I don't think many people in the world are making any money in the concrete business. Some are not covering their cash cost. So that's an unsustainable market situation in our view. Our -- as I said, our ready-mix pricing in the quarter across all of our ready-mix market was up 4.4%. It was actually up more than that in March. So the answer is yes, the momentum continues.
Jerry Revich: Helpful. And another part of that question, Don, can you comment on whether in areas we are not vertically integrated, are we seeing the same pace of price increases, faster or slower? Just any context you could give us would be helpful.
Donald M. James: Well, we see prices -- concrete prices going up across our footprint.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And can we have the same discussion on the Asphalt side? I was surprised pricing wasn't up faster this quarter considering what we've seen on the liquid asphalt side. Are you seeing asphalt mix prices accelerating in March and April like you're talking about on the ready-mix side?
Donald M. James: Yes. Our asphalt prices were up more in the month of March than they were for the quarter, which means prices are accelerating. The issue with asphalt mix prices compared to liquid asphalt cost, there is a timing issue. And historically, and this goes back several years, suppliers of liquid asphalt would give you price protection on large jobs that might spread over a year or 2 years. That really is rarely the case today. So there's a fair amount of price risk associated with asphalt mix, and it takes -- it generally takes a couple of quarters, at least, to get the asphalt mix pricing moving up or down in relationship to the liquid asphalt inputs. Clearly, today, I think we and everyone else are seeing higher liquid asphalt cost throughout the year, which is the basis of improvement in asphalt  mix pricing.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, can you touch on Cement? I apologize. I had poor reception during the prepared portion of the remarks. I'm not sure if you touched on the driver of the downtime in the quarter and how you're thinking about volumes out for the year and lastly, about pricing trends in cement considering what we saw in the quarter.
Donald M. James: Well, cement volumes are not robust anywhere, I think, including in markets served by our cement plant. Pricing will probably improve over the course of the year. We certainly hope so. That is not a material factor in Vulcan's results. Much of our cement runs through our own concrete or through swaps, which ultimately run through our own concrete. So as concrete prices improve, I think it'll help cement. Some people say it works the other way. Cement price increases force  ready-mix prices up. I'm not sure exactly which way it works. But certainly, as volumes stabilize and as ready-mix pricing stabilizes, it will certainly help the cement pricing.
Jerry Revich: And Don,  the downtime part of the question, can you talk about the scheduled maintenance? Was that a function of lower demand? Or were you going to run...
Donald M. James: Well, it's just the timing. I mean, you just have to -- when you have a big, continuous-process manufacturing plant, you have to take it down for annual maintenance, and we took it down in the first quarter. As I said, we didn't have a first quarter maintenance outage last year, nor do we expect one for the remainder of this year. So that's just a more or less annual event, which has now already occurred.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Don, I guess, between your coastal markets in California and Florida and maybe elsewhere, which sounds like you see some acceleration in volumes at least on the infrastructure side of things -- and I think, in general, those markets contribute higher absolute pricing. How is that sort of factored into your pricing guidance assumptions for the year, particularly given pretty weak construction activity and volume contributions in those markets the last few years?
Donald M. James: Well, our pricing guidance does have a geographic mix impact to it. Our strongest volumes are really offsetting in some senses. So there's not any tremendous geographic mix impact for the year, if that's your question. It's in there, but it's not a huge factor, at least based on our current outlook.
Brent Thielman: Okay. And then how are you thinking about the progression of asphalt mix pricing throughout the year? You've certainly seen some uptick in the last few quarters, but could we see some acceleration in sort of sequential I guess quarter-over-quarter growth, what you've been seeing in the last 3 quarters just given what you’re seeing in the market right now?
Donald M. James: We think asphalt pricing will be up for the full year over last year. We have a lot of work booked, and that's built into our forecast. Whether we'll see quarter -- sequential quarter price improvement, I don't know at this time. Probably not a lot because a lot of our work is already booked. And we already know the pricing, and that's built into our forecast.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Great.
Donald M. James: So if we can get 4% price for the full year in the asphalt mix business, we'll be satisfied.
Brent Thielman: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger with Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger: Typically, I think you see  30% to 40% sequential growth in shipments from the first to the second quarter. I was wondering, with your comments on April weather being worse than March, if that was something you're still expecting to see this year.
Donald M. James: I don't -- we have not re-forecast the second quarter based on April's weather, so I don't -- I can't give you an answer to that at this point. I think, as I tried to say earlier, depending upon when the water levels in the Mississippi River begin to recede and when the cleanup in a lot of markets occurs so that normal shipments and production resume, there may actually be some impact on volume from reconstruction, but that's very unlikely that any of that would occur in the second quarter. If we get that this year, it will likely be in the second half. So I don't know, but I would think the second quarter will contribute slightly less to the total annual volume this year than we would have seen historically.
Adam Rudiger: Okay. And then you just said, I think, that your -- if you could get 4% liquid asphalt prices, that -- liquid asphalt mix -- excuse me, asphalt mix prices up for the year, that would satisfy you.
Donald M. James: Well, that's our projection. We'll obviously try to get more as the year moves on, but that's what's in our forecast.
Adam Rudiger: So let's say you get to 4%, and let's say that liquid asphalt stays up 12% through the year. Let's just say that doesn't change. Can you remind me of what the portion of a ton of asphalt mix -- what the cost breakout is liquid asphalt versus rocks?
Donald M. James: Yes. As a round number, and this is way too simplistic, aggregates are 95% by weight. Liquid asphalt is 4% or 5% by weight. If you take our average aggregates price, which is $10.50  plus or minus, and you take our average liquid asphalt cost, which would be $21 or $22 of liquid asphalt cost per ton of asphalt mix, you can sort of get into the range. But as we indicated, the 4% increase in our asphalt mix cost in the quarter virtually offset the 12% increase in liquid asphalt cost. So there's a little metric there that can help you. Liquid asphalt prices are very different in Texas and California, for example. We have asphalt mix in both markets. Prices for asphalt mix are very different in each market. So there's a lot of calculations in there, and it's going to vary greatly from market to market. But suffice it to say that if asphalt mix is up 12% for the year and we get prices up 4%, our material margins will actually improve based on our projection.
Adam Rudiger: Okay. That's what I was trying to understand. So that's all I have.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Don James for closing remarks.
Donald M. James: Thank you very much for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you again at the end of the second quarter. Thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald James - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Don James, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed.
Donald James: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss Vulcan's fourth quarter and full year 2010 results. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Danny Shepherd, our Executive Vice President, Construction Materials. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. We start 2011 with optimism that the decline in demand for our products bottomed in 2010, and that growth in shipments is ahead of us. We have worked diligently throughout this long downturn to position the company for earnings growth when demand recovers. Improved stability and economic factors that drive demand for our products will bring the strength of Vulcan's fundamentals back into focus.  As a result of these efforts, our cash earnings for each ton of aggregate sold in 2010 was $4.15 per ton, 26% higher than it was at the peak of demand back in 2005. The attractive industry characteristics of our primary product, Aggregates, and the determined efforts of our employees have allowed us to maintain this level of profitability in 2010 despite a significant and prolonged decline in shipments during the past four years due to the economic recession.  In 2010, the year-over-year decline slowed significantly from the prior three years. During the period from 2007 through 2009, aggregate shipments, adjusted to include major acquisitions and divestitures, declined 11% in 2007, 21% in 2008 and 26% in 2009. In 2010 , aggregate shipments declined 2% from the prior year, reflecting varied market demand conditions across our footprint.  Fourth quarter aggregate shipments in several of our key markets exemplified these varied market demand conditions. In Florida, demand remained relatively weak during the fourth quarter, while California exhibited some modest growth in shipments versus the prior year. In Texas, aggregate shipments in the fourth quarter increased more than 30% from the prior year, while in our markets in North Carolina, shipments declined more than 30%. Finally, Tennessee and Illinois, two states that quickly obligated and awarded their stimulus-funded highway projects, both realized growth in aggregate shipments versus the prior year's fourth quarter.  While overall, aggregate shipments in the fourth quarter were flat compared to the prior year, we experienced unfavorable mix variances versus the prior year, accounting for the majority of the 4% decline in reported freight adjusted selling prices. The remaining decline in the average freight adjusted selling price in the fourth quarter was mostly attributable to competitive price pressures in Florida and California. The earnings effect of lower freight adjusted selling prices in the fourth quarter of 2010 was $15 million. This earnings effect was offset somewhat by higher earnings in our Transportation businesses that support our Aggregates businesses by moving aggregates from producing quarries to sales yards in regions where local aggregates are unavailable.  The average unit price paid for diesel fuel in the fourth quarter increased 19% from the prior year, reducing earnings approximately $4 million. Excluding energy-related costs, aggregates unit cost of sales in the fourth quarter were favorable compared to the prior year, reflecting the effective cost control efforts by our employees.  Overall, segment earnings for aggregates in the fourth quarter were $58 million versus $70 million in the prior year. Segment earnings in 2010 included $7 million of certain adjustments in charges in the quarter. In our Asphalt segment, earnings were $8 million versus $10 million last year. Selling prices for asphalt mix increased 2% offsetting a portion of the earnings effect of a 14% increase in liquid asphalt costs. Sequentially, unit material margins in the fourth quarter increased slightly from the third quarter. This is our second consecutive quarter of improving asphalt mix margins. In our Concrete segment, earnings effect of lower average selling prices more than offset 5% higher shipments and lower unit cash cost of sales versus the prior year's fourth quarter. Cement shipments in the fourth quarter increased 43% from the prior year due to higher internal consumption by our concrete operations.  Overall, for the quarter, our EBITDA was $65 million, our cash earnings were $46 million and our net earnings were a loss of $47 million. For the full year, EBITDA was $371 million, our cash earnings were $228 million and net earnings were a loss of $96 million.  Full year earnings results include a pretax charge of $22 million. This net amount includes a $43 million charge for the settlement of the IDOT lawsuit, as well as $21 million of certain adjustments and charges recorded in the fourth quarter. These charges were somewhat offset by a $39 million gain reported in the first quarter.  For the full year, the earnings effect of higher cost of diesel fuel and liquid asphalt reduced EBITDA $51 million. Additionally, the full year earnings effect of lower aggregate shipments reduced EBITDA approximately $21 million. However, shipping trends for our products continued to stabilize in the fourth quarter. Trailing 12 month aggregates shipments have increased modestly since February, and asphalt and concrete trailing 12 month shipments were relatively stable throughout the second half of 2010.  While economic improvement in growth and construction activity across our footprint have not materialized equally, we expect the improvement in shipping trends for our products to continue in 2011 and contribute to earnings growth.  There are several factors that make us more optimistic about the prospects for earnings growth in 2011. First, from the perspective of the overall economy, most GDP forecast for the U.S. indicate additional growth in 2011. Additionally, state and local tax revenues have been increasing for the last four quarters, ending December 2010, according to an independent research organization. This pattern appears to be consistent with past cycles in which state and local tax revenues have rebounded after GDP recovers. Since the spring of 2009, all Vulcan-served states have shown positive growth in growth state product, an indication economic recovery is underway.  Looking more specifically in our construction end markets, public construction activity, particularly highways, should continue to provide solid support for aggregates demand provided that Congress acts in a timely manner to extend authorized highway funding levels at current levels through the remainder of the year.  Overall, the rate of growth and demand for our products in 2011 largely depends on the pace of recovery in single-family residential construction, the stabilization of private non-res construction and at the continuity of Federal funding for highways at current levels without interruption. With that said, we expect aggregate earnings in 2011 to increase from the prior year due to higher shipments in selling prices compared to the prior year, as well as the benefit of our cost-reduction efforts.  The midpoint of our estimated growth range in aggregate shipments is 2% above prior year level, driven by low to mid-single digit volume growth in most markets outside of California and Florida, where shipments are expected to be in line with the prior year. Most of our aggregate markets are expected to realize year-over-year price growth in 2011. We believe a more stable outlook for demand will benefit pricing overall. Assuming comparable geographic and product mix, we expect aggregate pricing in 2011 to increase 1% to 3% from the prior year's levels.  In our Asphalt business, material margins on each ton of asphalt mix sold have trended higher in the second half of 2010 due to a relatively more stable cost environment for liquid asphalt, allowing average selling prices for asphalt mix to better reflect the cost of this key input. In 2011, we expect this trend to continue, resulting in continued recovery in materials margins. Overall, we expect asphalt earnings to increase from the prior year. This growth in segment earnings assumes a modest increase in sales volumes, as well as improved material margins, as higher selling prices should more than offset higher costs for liquid asphalt.  In Concrete, we expect higher sales volumes and slightly higher selling prices. As a result, we expect the loss reported in 2010 to narrow, somewhat.  In Cement, we expect segment earnings in 2011 to improve slightly from the loss we reported last year.  Selling, administrative and general expenses in 2011 are expected to be lower than the prior year. Total SAG expenses of $327 million in 2010 included approximately $24 million of adjustments in charges referable to the fair market value of donated real estate, severance costs and expenses related to legal settlements. In 2011, we do not anticipate similar adjustments in charges. As a result, we expect SAG expenses in 2011 of $305 million to approximate a comparable level in 2010. Included as part of SAG costs is our ERP project, which began in 2008 soon after our acquisition of Florida Rock. Implementation of this project is on schedule and most major milestones should be achieved by the end of 2012. Annual project cost peaked in 2009 at approximately $13 million but were slightly lower in 2010, reflecting realization of a portion of the cost reduction benefits. We expect a further reduction in net costs in 2011 of approximately $6 million related to the ERP project.  Our earnings in 2011 will be affected by the absence of certain adjustments, charges and gains recorded in 2010. In our press release as well as my earlier remarks in this conference call, we outlined $21 million adjustments and charges recorded in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we incurred $42 million in charges in the second quarter for the settlement of the IDOT lawsuit, and recorded a $39 million gain in the first quarter as part of the sale of non-strategic assets. The net earnings effect of these items lowered EBITDA for the full year by about $22 million. In 2011, we do not anticipate similar adjustments, charges or gains.  Further, we are involved in three arbitration proceedings seeking recovery from our insurers of legal settlement cost and fees expensed in 2010 and prior periods that could impact earnings in 2011. The first arbitration relates to a case filed in Modesto, California in 2008 referable to our former Chemicals business. In the third quarter of 2010, we agreed to a settlement range with our insurer subject to final arbitration, and booked a minimum amount of $6 million as pretax income from discontinued operations. In January of this year, last month, we received a favorable arbitration award for the full amount we claimed. As a result, we expect to book an additional $7.5 million of pretax income from discontinued operations and to collect $13 million in cash in the first quarter of 2011.  We are also pursuing two arbitrations related to the IDOT settlement in which we are seeking to recover from our insurers the amount paid in settlement above a self-insured retention of $2 million, as well as a portion of our defense cost. As previously reported, we recorded a $40 million charge to operations in the second quarter of 2010 for the full settlement amount. Defense costs were expense as incurred. Any amounts we recover through these two arbitrations will be recorded as income from continuing operations when realized.  Interest expense for full year 2011 is expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million based on expected interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interest on capital projects. We expect our liquidity profile in 2011 to be strengthened by an increase in earnings, as well as the absence of any long-term debt maturities until the fourth quarter of 2012. We have carefully reviewed our capital spending needs based on projected demand levels, and as a result, we now expect to spend approximately $125 million in 2011, up from the $86 million spent in 2010, but still sharply lower than the $353 million spent in 2008.  Due in part to lower capital spending the last couple of years, we expect depreciation, depletion accretion and amortization to be approximately $365 million in 2011, down from $382 million in 2010.  During 2010, we completed three acquisitions that will increase our aggregates reserve position and enhance our operational footprint going forward. Two of these acquisitions included quarry operations in Tennessee and in Southern California. The third was the acquisition of a concrete business in Atlanta.  In summary, we believe our business continues to get stronger as a result of cost control efforts and disciplined approach to pricing throughout this downturn. We will remain diligent in our efforts to look for every opportunity to reduce costs. The underlying trends in both shipments and in the general economy continue to build our optimism, that the worst of this severe downturn is behind us.  We are the leader in the U.S. aggregates industry, and are well-positioned for significant participation in the economic recovery and in public infrastructure programs. I would like to reiterate our confidence in the future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our aggregates-focused businesses, which has the compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S. markets that are expected to experience above-average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future.  We thank you for your interest in Vulcan and your participation in this conference call. Now if our operator will give the required instructions, we'll be pleased to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Trey Grooms from Stephens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: First, can you talk a little bit, Don, about the expectation you have for pricing in 2011? Are you expecting any mix, either geographic or product mix, to impact that pricing this year? Or do you think that 1% to 3% is going to be all real pricing impacts?
Donald James: We don't have any mix shift built into those projections. Certainly by the time the year occurs, they will very likely be a different geographic mix than we have projected. But at this point, the 1% to 3% price growth is not based on any sort of mix shift. Clearly, if volumes continue to recover in California, as they appear to have or begin to stabilize and begin recovery, that will help on a mix. As we pointed out in the fourth quarter, our shipments in our markets in portions of North Carolina where we have operations were down substantially, North Carolina is a good state for us. We had much higher shipments in Texas, and the average selling price in Texas is significantly lower than it is in North Carolina, for example. So the recovery in North Carolina would help if that occurs in 2011. So there will always be some geographic mix differences but the simple answer to your question is, we have not projected any significant shifts in our pricing outlook for '11.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: As we sit here today, would you expect those price increases to show up immediately? Or is that something that will kind of start to increase as the year progresses, you think?
Donald James: Well, I think they will begin -- a lot of what we'll ship in the early part of the year will be based on prices that we quoted in 2010. So I think you will start seeing the benefit of it, some in the second quarter, but then third quarter is when I think you will see increases. Our average for the full year is the 1% to 3% number. We haven't broken that out quarter-by-quarter.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: I guess looking at North Carolina, just falling off the map, can you talk a little bit about what's going on there? Is that mostly weather or is there some big one -- I mean, what happened there?
Donald James: Well, in our portion of North Carolina, which is certainly not the full state, we are much stronger in the western half than the central and the eastern half of the state. Charlotte is one of our key markets, and Charlotte is struggling on housing and private non-res. Coastal Carolina that we serve is like many other coastal markets where the vacation business is not great. And the state budget in North Carolina is under some pressure. And while there's been a fair highway program, it has not been in the parts of the state that we serve in large part. So the combination of those factors has reduced our shipments substantially in North Carolina in the fourth quarter.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: And then on Texas, I know that weather has been favorable there relative to last year or I guess year-over-year in the quarter, in the fourth quarter. That's an awfully big jump. Is that mostly weather or are you guys seeing just a pretty big jump in demand coming back there as well?
Donald James: Well, certainly, there is -- last year's fourth quarter in Texas, the weather was absolutely awful. So we have a relatively easy comp in Texas for the fourth quarter. That being said, the economy in Texas is better than it is in most other parts of the country, and Texas continues to grow. I'm sure you've seen the census forecast that, Texas is going to add four Congressional seats as a result of the 2010 census, and there's just a lot of momentum there that yet to be picked up in some other parts of the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Don, can you say more about your asphalt material margin forecast for 2011? What are you assuming for liquid asphalt costs, and can you give us an update on asphalt market pricing in January from year end?
Donald James: We think liquid asphalt costs will be up again in 2011 above '10, probably on average, maybe $50 a ton. We expect to be able to continue to increase our pricing for asphalt mix to recoup the big run-up in liquid asphalt prices that has occurred over the last couple of years. As we have said in many meetings and presentations, the ability to get asphalt mix prices tends to lag, liquid asphalt tends to be bought and sold on a spot basis and asphalt mix tend to be sold on a contract basis over some longer period of time. So there is some lag. When we have the highest materials margins in the Asphalt business is when liquid asphalt prices start down and we have booked prices at higher numbers. So we think we'll see gradual recovery in the margins in 2011 in asphalt mix, even assuming the higher cost of liquid asphalt. You asked about trends in January. We're not prepared to go into January results at this point.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And Dan, you have a couple of maturities on the debt side coming up over the next year. Should we think of a drawdown on the bank lines, and can you talk about how you're thinking about the capital structure broadly with the bank loan maturities in 2012?
Daniel Sansone: Our next meaningful maturity is in December of 2012 of $300 million. In 2011 and 2012, prior to that large one, the maturities are de minimis, $5 million here or $5 million there. So at this point in time, we're not facing any significant maturities at all in the current year. And as we get closer to the 2012 maturity in December of that year, we'll assess both our free cash flow and credit market conditions at that point in time and make a decision on how to fund it. But right now, we don't believe there's any reason to have to go out and pre-fund that 2012 maturity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kasprzak from BB&T.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: How much were aggregates prices down in California and Florida in the quarter, if you can tell us?
Donald James: In Florida, they were down about 14%. And in California, they were down -- we have different markets in California, but they were probably down 6%, 7%.
Daniel Sansone: Two of our California markets were down and one of our markets in California was actually up 2%.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: And do you guys know the infrastructure part of your business in 2010? What the volume change was for the year?
Donald James: If you mean -- do you mean infrastructure including highways, or infrastructure excluding highways?
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Including highways.
Donald James: Including highways, in 2010, highways were up for us about 13%, shipments into highways and shipments into infrastructure were up about 7%. So that's where, obviously, that was where our strength was. Non-construction, that is railroad, ballast, environmental, ag line , et cetera, was also up significantly, 18%. The big drop was of course, in private non-res.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: And I was also curious about concrete, the expectation that prices might be up slightly in 2011, just given that you have the Florida exposure there, obviously, and that residential is still pretty weak in Florida, not getting better anyway. I mean why would pricing even be up a little?
Donald James: Our Concrete businesses is not all in Florida, it's also in Washington, D.C.; Northern Virginia area; Baltimore; Richmond; Norfolk, Virginia; Atlanta; San Antonio; Albuquerque; Phoenix; San Diego; Central Valley of California. So we have a mix, and Florida has been a very tough environment. But while we had a tough year in 2010, we believe the situation is set for some ability to get price increases in concrete. We're not in the business of selling concrete at a cash loss, and we're not going to do that.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Do you guys anticipate any asset divestitures in 2011?
Donald James: We have some non-core assets that we would sell if the right deal came along, if they were worth more to someone else than to us, we don't have anything built into our projections for that. But certainly, we do have some things that are not strategic to us. That's nothing new. We continue to prune our portfolio, and we'll continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners from UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: Two questions. One, I was interested in the part of your release where you talk about the second half of the year potentially seeing leverage to your business model with the private sector coming back, I just want get a little bit more color on how you weigh two factors of public stimulus continuing through the year but at some point tapering off and then the private sector picking up. How do those factors play against one another?
Donald James: Well, I think what we were trying to communicate was that we expected the second half of private non-res to be better than the first half. But we don't think private non-res is going to improve in '11 over '10. Overall, we think private non-shipments and the private non-res in '11 will be down 4%, 5% compared to this year. While it is stabilizing, we're not seeing the huge drops that we saw in 2008, 2009, slightly lower drop in 2010 than the prior two years. But it looks like to us in contract awards that the private non-res is bottoming, and when we had a reference to the second half, it was the second half would be really better than the first half. But overall for the full year, we don't expect any increase in shipments in the private non-res. Hopefully, we can be surprised. But at this point, we're not projecting up trend in private non-res for the full year.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: So stimulus continuing to be solid are going to help the volume story overall?
Donald James: Well, there's still a lot of unspent stimulus money. The Congressional Budget Office report, which has to be accurate, says there's still $9.4 billion in stimulus money for highways to be spent in FY '11. Now FY '11 includes the fourth quarter of '10, so that full amount probably doesn't exist today, but still the stimulus impact is not over. We expect the stimulus to have an impact in 2011, and even a small impact in the '12, and with the tail running all the way out to '13.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: Maybe more for Dan. I wanted to know -- I had written in my notes that there will be $120 million debt pay down in the fourth quarter and maybe I missed how exactly that was -- if I was wrong there, if that was expressed. And then also on tax guidance, if you could help us give some color if we're going to continue to see what we saw in 2010 into 2011?
Daniel Sansone: There was not a $120 million maturity in the fourth quarter of this year. I think what you may be remembering is we did have a term loan that we entered into in the summer of 2008, which was a three-year note that would have matured in the summer of 2011. When we put in place the $450 million term loan in the summer of last year, we used some of that cash to prepay that maturity, so that is gone now. And the remainder of that $450 million term loan that we took down in July of 2010 was used to satisfy the $325 million maturity in the fourth quarter of 2010. So the only maturity we have in 2011 is a $5 million maturity, and the only maturity we have in 2012 is a $300 million maturity in December of 2012.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: And then, so on tax rate guidance, if you could help us with that. It's been something...
Daniel Sansone: Yes, that's hard. Let me try to tackle the tax rate this way. Let's look at the 2010 numbers as a springboard. We posted a tax provision of $85.9 million, it was a tax credit of $85.9 million. There's a lot of pieces that make that up. But the two drivers that I think you need to focus on in developing your tax numbers for your projections are: first, the tax at the statutory rate. And if you will just take the pretax income tax effective at 35%, that's the Federal tax rate and that will be the starting point for the tax provision. So in 2010, that was about $67.5 million. The second significant piece of the tax equation is statutory depletion on our mining operations. And that amount in 2010 was just a shade over $20 million. So the Federal tax credit and the depletion benefit combined represented virtually all of our tax provision. There's obviously, some state tax that has to be factored into that, and then of course, you have the myriad of other tax items and true-ups and adjustments with the taxing authorities, et cetera. But they have, in the last couple years, generally netted to a fairly small number. I have no reason to think that's going to be materially different in 2011. So I guess my guidance would be, begin with your own assumption on what pretax earnings is going to be for the company. Start with tax at the statutory rate or the 35%, that will be your debit or credit based on whether you have us at earnings or a loss. And then the depletion benefit will generally track the activity in the Aggregate business. So if you are projecting aggregates, revenues and earnings to rise, there will be kind of a scale effect for depletion rising with that. And if you were to have aggregates earnings declining that depletion benefit will be declining. It's not necessarily a straight one for one relationship. But just look at history and I think you can get pretty close. That's my best advice on planning for tax provisions for 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger from Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets: Two questions. I'm sorry if I missed this, but did you guys break out what the $21 million in Q4 charges were?
Donald James: Yes, I'll go over that again. We had about -- $3.8 million, $4 million of it was SAG. Most of that was in severance and some of its remaining part was in legal fees and in a case that we have settled and disposed of, which will not be recurring. There's about $7 million of it that ran through gross profit in our Aggregates business. Some portion of that was a write-down of some inventory values at a Legacy Vulcan quarry in Florida that we have mothballed. And when we looked at the reprocessing cost of that material and current selling prices, we booked the charge there. We're also consolidating some of our Deepwater terminals in Florida, Legacy Vulcan terminals. There's some non-cash charge associated with that, that ran through gross profit total that's about $7 million. And then there were a number of non-cash charges that ran through other income. Some of that was asset retirement obligations. Some were some impairment for non-strategic assets, and things like ARO type things. One was a lawsuit settlement of some reclamation obligations that go back to a predecessor of CalMat many, many, many years ago. So all of that rolled -- that was roughly $10 million or $10.5 million, so you roll all that up and it's about $21 million. We don't expect any repeat of any of those things in 2011 or in those categories of things in 2011.
Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets: And second question is just on free cash flow for 2011. This is a preliminary kind of estimates but just as I take a quick stab at it, I don't see a real robust cash flows the next year after dividends and your CapEx. I was curious what your thoughts were there and if you've revisited cutting the dividend again at all?
Donald James: Well, our board will take up the dividend at our next board meeting. We look at cash earnings or cash flow or free cash flow as you do. We certainly believe that over the long term, our cash flows will increase substantially. And at this point, we have not elected to reduce our dividends since the equity offering back in June of 2009. I indicated we took some charges and some in 2010 related to some litigation. Hopefully, we can recover a substantial amount of that from our insurers. We certainly believe we are entitled to it and that will have some benefit to cash as well. So there are some moving parts on cash that give us comfort. As Dan Sansone has reported, our maturities of any of our debt, we don't have any significant maturity until late in 2012. So we are -- we have the lion's share of our $1.5 billion line of credit still untapped. So we're not concerned at all about liquidity or cash in the near term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: First, on the highway bill, we all heard what the President said and the Republicans' rebuttal and I think there's been a lot of consistency there among other things that we need to live within our means, the highway trust fund is clearly underfunding on the structural basis and other people we've spoken to in D.C. have suggested that we may well need to live within our means with the highway bill. That, obviously, would imply pretty substantial cuts. I was hoping maybe you could start by talking about what you're hearing on the highway bill and then we can go from there.
Donald James: Well, I think there are a couple of points of misinformation have occurred. Somebody reported that the Highway Trust Fund was in deficit, that's not correct. The Highway Trust Fund has ample funding to maintain the $41 billion or $42 billion spending levels through fiscal year '12, which would be September 30, 2012. That doesn't necessarily mean that Congress will spend that amount. But that amount is in the Highway Trust Fund. So there is no current deficit in the Highway Trust Fund. You are correct that the current receipts into the Highway Trust Fund are less than current expenditures. That's being offset by the supplemental appropriations that have gone into the Highway Trust Fund, the most recent of which was $19.5 billion earlier in 2010 as a result of the HIRE Act. And it was a restitution of interest on unspent balances in the Highway Trust Fund that have been drawn down for the accounting side, I would say, a deficit reduction in past, and that money was restored to the Highway Trust Fund. Long-term for the country to grow highway spending in a way that will at least maintain the condition of the current investment in highways and to create jobs, as you know, in the construction sector, unemployment is running twice what it is in the general economy, it will require some incremental revenue stream to the $18.4 per gallon that was last adjusted back in 1993. At this point, we don't have a prediction or projection for when we will see a new multi-highway bill or what source of funding is. Our focus today is to get the authorized level of spending approved through the rest of the year, then we'll begin to look at sources of revenue. I think a real important fact is that a lot of the highway users, that is not the construction highway, construction and materials industry, but the people who use the highways in their business are saying, "Come on guys get on with this highway program." The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has embraced a higher fuel taxes to go on the Highway Trust Fund. The American Trucking Association has embraced higher fuel taxes to go in the Highway Trust Fund. We are in this political game of chicken where nobody wants to say raise taxes either side of the aisle. So that's where we are.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: I guess on a related note, it would be great to get your state of what's going on in the individual states? Certainly we think the states are probably the better part of half of total road and highway, it's not something that gets a lot of attention. And certainly, while to your point, tax receipts are improving, states are -- there's a ton of survey work done that says states are still facing, I think it's fair to use the word massive deficits, and so as they look at spending relative to priorities, education, healthcare, public safety take precedence over just above everything else. We've seen some anecdotes, Kansas most recently where the governor actually in his budget included taking funds out of the State Highway Trust Funds. In our conversations with [indiscernible] they highlighted similar risks at most states and actually referenced similar issues or risks in Maryland, Virginia and Florida. So just curious if you have any perspective of that side of it as well?
Donald James: Well, if you look at the source of highway spending, in 2009, you had, from the regular Federal Highway Program, you had $42 billion, you had about $6 million in stimulus and you had $34 billion in state and local. State and local dropped in 2010 down to about $30 billion as the stimulus spending ramped up from $6 billion to $11 billion but the regular federal program with some bits and starts and ebbs and flows continued. We don't see a big drop in any state and local. We think the state and local contribution to highway spending in '11 will actually be up slightly to offset a slight decline in stimulus spending. Every state's got a different story. I think it is important to drill down to how states fund their state and local highway programs. Generally, they don't use income taxes or sales taxes, general sales taxes, which have been the most volatile source of revenues for states. Many states use fuel taxes or excise taxes on transportation-related items, including taxes on automobiles or vehicles. So there's a huge -- it's really difficult to generalize from state to state in the condition of the transportation budget. That being said, there are many states with improving programs, projected improvements in programs, many states with declines in the program. Overall, we think it is reasonably balanced as we go forward.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: As a follow up to Jerry's question, did I hear you correctly, right now your best guess is liquid asphalt price is up $50 year-over-year?
Donald James: Yes, that's an estimate but it's like predicting the price of crude oil. Who knows? So that's just where we are when we put our numbers together.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: And what's the base number for liquid asphalt? And what was your average price in 2010?
Donald James: $464 a ton.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: So if we take $464 and we assume at 5% of the cost, correct? That's kind of the rule of math we use, that 5% of...
Donald James: The 5% is by weight. The aggregate goes in at $10 or $12 a ton and the liquid asphalt goes in at $464 a ton. So you need to do your math differently I think. It's not 5% of the cost, it's 5% of the weight.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: Exactly, so if you convert it, it's about 70% of the cost of a ton of asphalt?
Donald James: That's roughly correct.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: And if we look at diesel futures as a proxy for liquid asphalt because it's historically shown the highest correlation there, that will probably point to 20-plus percent inflation. I guess what I'm curious to understand is when you look at your guidance of volumes up say 2% for aggregates, how does that adjust for the fact that state budgets are at best semi-fixed on a dollar perspective and you've got pretty substantial inflationary component in liquid asphalts which actually essentially deflates your real purchasing power?
Donald James: Well, we factored all that into our projections. I mean we live and breathe all that everyday. That is one of the problems with a fixed cents per gallon revenue stream set back in 1993, when the price of imports go up and the one that, by far, is the more volatile as liquid asphalt, it does reduce purchasing power and more of the dollar goes to asphalt mix and ultimately liquid asphalt than to the other components.
Ted Grace - Goldman Sachs: So said differently, you actually think on a dollar basis road and highway spending is up more than your tonnage assumption we assume on aggregates?
Donald James: Well, ours is based on our markets, not the whole company, not the whole country. And so we do it on a very granular basis, and I can't get beyond -- I don't have the data to try to get beyond what will happen in our markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: For your guidance you gave for the year, does that assume flat federal highway funding for 2011? So in other words, $41 billion spend?
Donald James: Yes, I mean within the range of $42 billion to $41 billion, it's flat.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: And also in terms of your driver for your increased CapEx, what is the primary driver for your increase CapEx?
Donald James: Let me go back. We are projecting stimulus spending to be down some in '11. So the total Federal piece of highways, we do expect to be down some compared to '10.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: As far as your increased capital expenditures, you talked about a little bit earlier in your prepared comments. But what are your first areas for spend and where do you see that overall just stepping back and looking the next several years, where do you see a more normalized maintenance CapEx?
Donald James: Well, maintenance CapEx is really a function of tons of throughput of aggregates going to the plants. And the plants don't depreciate or deteriorate with age or time in any meaningful way. It's really how hard you run them, how many tons you're running through it. As you can imagine, running crushing rock consumes plant and equipment with a fair amount of vigor. So the best way to think about CapEx for replacement CapEx is on a cents per ton basis. It's not smooth, I mean, when you have to rebuild a plant, that gets to be lumpy. But most of our CapEx, or projected CapEx for 2011, is replacement CapEx although we've got some other things in there...
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: So is that like a placement of mobile equipment initially and...
Donald James: Not a lot of that because we're not wearing out our mobile equipment today as the same as we're wearing it out twice as fast five years ago as we are today on -- because of the difference in volume. The same thing with our fixed plant equipment. So we didn't place $88 million in 2010. That was less than we had projected at the beginning of the year because volumes were actually slightly weaker than we projected at the beginning of the year. And it's really a function of how much volume we use, is how fast we consume our plant. And with the number of plants and the mobile equipment fleet we have, we have a fair amount of flexibility in utilizing our resources across a big footprint.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: You said that much of the 2011 CapEx is replacement. What exactly would you be replacing if that's not mobile equipment, if it's not fixed plant equipment?
Donald James: I didn't say we wouldn't. That's what you replace...
Daniel Sansone: There's no single category of equipment or assets that dominates the $125 million. In certain locations we're replacing processing segments within a plant that have either become inefficient or have to be moved to get better access to the reserves. There's a number of projects for further development of some greenfield sites to make sure that we do what is necessary to protect the permits for those sites. In some other cases there are some pieces of mobile equipment being upgraded. It is really a large number of very small projects, generally speaking, spread across a pretty broad footprint, as Don said. And there's some carryover spending embedded in that $125 million. If my memory serves me right, it's around 25% to 35% of that total is spending that will occur in 2011 on similar type projects that were begun in 2010 or earlier. We are just completing them. So again, it's really no single category jumps out and says, "My gosh, we're having to spend a lot of money on this or that," it's really site-specific and responding to very, very specialized needs. You may have one location where there is a problem with a screening circuit, you'll deal with that. Another location where you have a mobile equipment issue, you deal with that. But it's not a single across-the-board category that's making up the spending.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Also, you projected lower SAG on a dollar's basis for 2011, and I understand you do have some IT costs that you're not carrying over in 2011 that you had in 2010. What are the other drivers for the lower SAG cost in 2011 on a dollar's basis?
Donald James: Well, we had a fair amount of severance, we had a fair amount of legal fees. I think I covered this earlier but we had...
Daniel Sansone: Related to the ERP project, as we have rolled that project out, we have been able to reduce the headcount associated with transactional accounting and those implementations in the various businesses have occur sequentially, so we're seeing a full year effect in 2011 of some of the reductions in administrative costs that occurred as a result of the ERP project. We have only partial year benefits in 2010.
Donald James: Kathryn, the major items are donation. We had a $9.2 million donation in 2010. We had roughly $7 million in severance costs. We had about $8 million in professional fees that we don't believe we'll have again in 2011.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: This is more just an industry question for you. Do you know what the aggregate intensity of a single-family versus multi-family development is for aggregates?
Donald James: Our estimate is single-family, if you use single-family is a 1, multifamily is going to be like a 1.8. It's going to be more like retail construction because you have parking lots and typically more concrete and asphalt then you would in single-family per dollar of spending.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: And also just in terms of -- I know there's been of focus on overall cost for raw materials and other input costs into 2011. Would you differentiate what your thoughts or your forecast for your truck versus rail rate trends for 2011?
Donald James: I think they're both driven by fuel costs. And if the question is what will be the escalator, if any, in delivery costs of truck versus rail, I think it's all fuel costs and the fuel costs are similar in terms of change from year to year, same thing with parts and chips.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Longbow.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Can you just parse out, on the pricing side, the 4% decline in the quarter, you mentioned in your remarks that most of it was due to geographic mix. But how much was the declines in California and Florida part of the 4%? Is it fair to think about it as maybe 1% and that...
Donald James: Yes, that's what we were saying, it's about 1%.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: And then just lastly on the cement prices, there's an increase in market in Florida. If you could just comment on that? If you're participating or if you expect that to hold?
Donald James: Well, we certainly intend to improve our cement pricing. Our volumes were way up in the year as we indicated. There've been largely by internal consumption. But we think the stage is set for some improvement in cement pricing in our markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil from Davenport.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: On the guidance for volumes where you gave a midpoint, would you care to sort of put a range around that midpoint?
Donald James: Well, you can probably say 1% to 3% or maybe 0% to 4%. That's sort of the parameters about as we look at ups and downs. We don't see the situation given our assumptions for a huge variation in demand. But we hope there's some more upside. But as we sit here today, 2% is our best risk adjusted estimate.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: And you didn't mention it, so I assumed it wasn't significant. But was there any product mix shift in the year-over-year price change in the fourth quarter?
Donald James: There's always some, but it was not as significant a factor as the geographic mix.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: So we haven't really started to see the long anticipated shift back toward a more normal proportion of base material?
Donald James: I don't know what that means but...
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: I guess we had heard, I think we had talked, if we haven't, I could be mistaken that there's been a lot of demand for clean stone and that base material had been piling up towards fairly heavy inventories of that out there.
Donald James: Well, you probably were talking to somebody else. Certainly, with the stimulus money using clean stone for resurfacing, there have been big increases in base material in the industry. We work very hard to manage that. Our inventories are actually down year-over-year. So I don't think that's a factor for us next year.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: You said on the last call about Florida that you hope that you're going to see some pricing stability there and, obviously, prices were down year-over-year in the quarter. Can you talk about what you saw there sequentially?
Donald James: From third quarter to fourth quarter?
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Yes, sir.
Donald James: I don't think the price improvement we're looking for in Florida will begin in the fourth quarter. It will be a 2011 phenomenon.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Switching to just a follow up on some of the CapEx comments, if you think about the different businesses or the different business segments or however you want to think about it, where is the majority of the CapEx or what does split look like on capital expenditures among concrete, asphalt and aggregates?
Donald James: It's heavily, heavily aggregates.
Daniel Sansone: Predominantly aggregates, very little capital is being spent on Concrete or the Asphalt businesses right now, same with cement. We completed the expansion in the cement plant that was underway when we bought Florida Rock. So there's a lot of fresh capital there. We're not putting very much money in and literally the spending in concrete and asphalt is de minimis.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: I absolutely accept the concept that the maintenance requirement goes way down as volumes go down but given your spend is so far below D&A, have you seen any sort of shift in repair and maintenance expenditure? Or are you sort of keeping that...
Donald James: I think the best indication of that is that we said that excluding energy costs, diesel fuel and electricity, our unit cost of sales in aggregates in 2010 were slightly lower than 2009, and that includes the R&M component as well as labor and other things so...
Daniel Sansone: I would also add, if you think about the level of CapEx spending today relative to DD&A, don't forget that our DD&A charge is significantly inflated by the purchase accounting associated with the Florida Rock transaction. I don't have the number at my fingertips of how much is embedded in there for the markup but it's a significant portion. So if you factor that out and look at it on a traditional historic comp DD&A number, it's not nearly the GAAP that you're seeing.
Donald James: And look at the difference in our cash earnings versus our GAAP earnings and you'll see the impact of these big non-cash depreciation charges.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: I asked you last quarter about the $35 million that showed up on the cash flow statement that you said was buying that concrete operation in Georgia. It looks like almost the same amount is on the cash flow at this quarter. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Donald James: Yes. We bought two quarries, as I indicated in my remarks. We bought a quarry in San Diego, we bought a quarry in the Knoxville, Tennessee market. These are operating quarries, and they're both owns for us and they were strategic to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just first on the Cement business, I mean we've all heard about the challenges in the Florida market and you've experienced some pretty robust improvement in volumes there for a few quarters now. Can you just help me understand the discrepancy there.
Donald James: I don't know that there's a discrepancy. As Dan Sansone said, we completed and brought the second line of our cement plant in Florida on stream. We are supplying a greater proportion of our internal needs, both directly and indirectly, through swaps. So that's the story.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then on concrete prices, it sounds like you're expecting it to hit a floor year maybe in 2011. Are you starting to see some evidence of that year in Q1?
Daniel Sansone: Yes, we've got price increases in place in a number of markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Aynsley Lammin from Citigroup.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup Inc: Firstly, if you could comment on your expectation for any kind of the underlying cost increases on [inidscernible] say ignoring kind of energy and depreciations, is there any cost of sales category? And could I just clarify I think you said your front-end cost this year you'd expect to be between $170 million and $180 million. Is that correct?
Donald James: Correct. The only place we see cost escalation in Aggregates businesses is in diesel fuel, little bit in the explosives but we hope to be able to offset that by productivity and efficiency.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup Inc: Could you just remind us again how many gallons of diesel you use across the group?
Donald James: 43 million gallons. And of course, that's way down because we're producing a lot less rock than we did four years ago.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over back to Mr. Don James for closing remarks.
Donald James: Thank you very much for being with us today. We look forward to talking to you again after the conclusion of the first quarter. And have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald James - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc. J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Jason Brown - Keybanc Capital Markets Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets Clyde Lewis - Citigroup Inc John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vulcan Materials Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Luisa, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed, sir.
Donald James: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss Vulcan's third quarter results. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today are Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as Ron McAbee and Danny Shepherd, our Senior Vice Presidents for Construction Materials. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. As you know, last night, after the market closed, we released our third quarter earnings. In the third quarter, our EBITDA was $150 million, and our net earnings were $13 million. Cash earnings were $116 million, up slightly from the prior year's third quarter and approximately $103 million more than our reported net earnings. This continuing contrast between our cash earnings and reported net earnings is primarily attributable to relatively high levels of non-cash DD&A charges contrasted with lower levels of production. The higher levels of DD&A come from two sources: first, almost $101.3 billion in CapEx over the years just prior to the recession from 2006 through 2008, which added reserves, increased production capacity, replaced equipment and improved cost; and second, from the wind-up of the Florida Rock assets through purchase accounting. One of the benefits of this higher CapEx in prior years is that we will be able to produce substantially higher tonnages of aggregates with relatively little additional CapEx above current levels. And one of the benefits of higher production levels going forward will be to spread this DD&A over more tons, which will leverage our GAAP earnings. Dan Sansone will give you more details on our CapEx spending toward the end of our remarks today. Before I discuss segment results supporting these third quarter earnings, let me start by highlighting several underlying trends we are following that could benefit our earnings opportunities going forward. Shipping trends and aggregates continue to improve in the third quarter. Trailing 12-month aggregate shipments have been increasing since February, and asphalt and concrete trailing 12-month shipments have been relatively stable since May and February, respectively. Our continued focus on controlling costs and managing production levels to current demand contributed to lower cost of sales and aggregates excluding energy cost, through sequential improvement in material margins for asphalt, and to a reduction in selling, general and administrative costs. Some aspects of our cost structure are outside our control in the short term, such as energy and the impact of lower demand levels on production costs. However, we believe there's always room for improvement and controllable cost. Overall, we're pleased with our continuing progress in managing our costs, our inventory levels and our cash earnings. Third quarter segment earnings in aggregates were $125 million compared to $133 million in the prior year. Aggregate shipments declined 2.6% from the prior year's third quarter, accounting for most of the year-over-year decline in segment earnings. All of the decline in shipments can be attributed to a strike in July in Chicago, affecting our customers' employees for most of that month. Aggregates pricing in the third quarter was in line with the prior year, reflecting mild variations across Vulcan-served markets. Many major market realized price improvement from the prior year's third quarter. Other markets have remained challenging due to competitive pressures arising from reduced demand, higher transportation cost and in some cases, from mix shifts. Excluding the impact of higher energy cost, unit cost of sales for aggregates declined 2% from the prior year, demonstrating continued focus by our employees in running our plants in the most efficient manner possible and the cost benefit of production levels that are now matching sales volume levels. The cumulative effect of reducing aggregates inventory levels over the past two years allowed us to match production levels with sales levels in the third quarter, which contributed to the reduction in aggregates cost of sales. The average unit cost for diesel fuel increased 17% in the quarter reducing pretax earnings $4 million. Segment earnings in asphalt were $8 million lower than the prior year, due in part to a 14% increase in unit cost for liquid asphalt and lower selling prices. The year-over-year increase in liquid asphalt cost reduced asphalt earnings $6 million. Selling prices decreased 3% from the prior year, reducing segment earnings approximately $4 million. Selling prices for asphalt mix generally lagged increasing liquid asphalt costs that were held in check due to competitive pressures. On a sequential basis, unit material margins for asphalt had been improving since the first quarter due to some improvement in pricing and a relatively stable liquid asphalt cost. In the third quarter, unit material margins increased 10% on a sequential basis from the second quarter. Segment earnings in Concrete declined $9 million from the prior year, due principally to a decline in selling prices. Cement earnings in the third quarter were a loss of $2 million, due primarily to lower selling prices. Turning to our outlook, let me start by saying that while the current construction environment remains challenging, our optimism that the worst is behind us continues to grow. Most GDP forecast take further growth in the overall U.S. economy. In past cycles, demand for aggregates has improved as GDP has grown during the initial years of recovery. Additionally, the growth state product of all Vulcan-served states has shown positive growth since the second quarter of 2009, an indication economic recovery is underway. As the general economy continues to recover, public construction, particularly highways, continues to provide solid support for our aggregates demand. During September 2010, the Federal Highway Administration reported that approximately half of the $27 billion of total stimulus funds obligated for highways is yet to be spent. In August, the Congressional Budget Office forecast total outlays for highway construction for the current fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, increased 7% from the year just ended. This projected increase includes a 14% increase in outlays from the Highway Trust Fund as well as a continuation of stimulus funds. This projected increase in outlays for the regular highway funding program reflects a catch-up in obligating awarding and spending following a decline that occurred during the months just before and following the expiration of the six-year Highway Bill last September 30 when state departments of transportation were operating with limited funding visibility and limited contract authority, both resolved with the passing of the HIRE Act in March of this year. The 14% increase in outlays from the Highway Trust Fund from the regular highway funding program this fiscal year as well as the projected increases in regular highway funding from a Highway Trust Fund through 2012 should continue to provide solid support for aggregates demand. In Washington, we have been very pleased to see that the administration has now come out strongly in favor of sustained transportation infrastructure spending, calling for a multiyear Highway Bill as a key way to help lead the country out of recession and create jobs. In a significant and very positive report issued by the U.S. Department of Treasury on October 11 of this year, the administration has made a compelling case for major infrastructure investment now and going forward. The report points to the long-term economic benefits of the infrastructure investment, the disproportionate benefits received by the middle class and the strong pent-up demand from the public and private sectors. It also emphasizes the high level of unemployment in the construction sector, which has been at almost twice the national unemployment level and points to infrastructure investment as a key to creating and sustaining jobs. The Treasury Department report entitled "An Economic Analysis of Infrastructure Investment" is available on the Department of Treasury's website. It also notes that 19 out of 20 Americans are concerned about America's infrastructure and that 84% support greater investment to address infrastructure problems. Our company and the entire infrastructure community must make this case to a new Congress. In particular, this quote from the Treasury report is a key, and I'm quoting: "Americans have voted repeatedly for increased investment in transportation infrastructure. In 2008 alone, over 80% of the 59 transportation infrastructure projects proposed in local referenda were approved by the public. Even more striking is that over 98% of the funds requested for these projects were approved by the voting public." In addition, major business organizations like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the American Trucking Association support higher fuel taxes for highways to relieve congestion, improve transportation efficiencies and create jobs. Private construction, particularly private non-residential construction, remains the most challenging sector overall. On the positive side, trailing 12-month single-family housing starts through September have increased 10% from the prior year. The rate of decline in private non-residential construction contract awards has slowed. The rate of decline in trailing 12-month contract awards has slowed in each of the last three quarters. The start of a recovery in this end market will be influenced by employment growth, business investment and lending activity. Overall, pricing for our aggregates remain stable. A number of Vulcan-served markets were realizing meaningful year-over-year price growth, while pricing in certain other markets has declined due to competitive pressures from weak demand and the shifts in product mix. As a result, we expect pricing in the fourth quarter to approximate the prior year. In our Asphalt business, material margins on each ton of asphalt mix sold have trended higher since the first quarter this year due to a relatively more stable cost environment for liquid asphalt. We expect this trend to continue in the fourth quarter. In our Concrete business, we expect sales volumes in the fourth quarter to increase from the prior year's fourth quarter, due mostly to the timing of some large projects in Florida. We expect pricing to decline due to competitive pressures. In our Cement businesses, we expect fourth quarter segment earnings to approximate the prior year's results. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Dan Sansone, our Chief Financial Officer, who will make a few comments related to our outlook for SAG, debt reduction and liquidity. Afterwards, I'll conclude our prepared remarks with a closing comment before taking your questions.
Daniel Sansone: Thank you, Don. We expect SAG expense for the full year 2010 to approximate the prior year level. There are, however, a number of unusual items in the SAG category that I'd like to highlight. In the fourth quarter of last year, SAG costs included a non-cash charge of $8.5 million representing the fair market value of donated real estate. We do not anticipate a similar item in the fourth quarter of 2010. Additionally, we recorded a non-cash charge of $9.2 million for donated real estate in the first quarter of this year, and we currently do not anticipate any similar charges or transactions in 2011. The second significant item affecting SAG expenses, is our major ERP project, which began in 2008 soon after the acquisition of Florida Rock. This multiyear project is replacing Legacy systems and processes throughout the company, consolidating back-office activities and standardizing common processes and procedures. As of today, all of the Legacy Vulcan business units are operating on the new financial systems platform. The Legacy Florida Rock division will transition onto the new platform in the first quarter of 2011. We will begin to implement the major non-accounting modules of the project early in 2011, with project completion anticipated in 2012. This initiative has had a material impact on our SAG expenses over the last couple of years. Annual project cost peaked at 2009 at approximately $13 million. Project costs in 2010 should be approximately $2 million lower than last year, reflecting lower design and implementation costs and the beginning of the realization of cost reduction benefits. We expect a further reduction in net costs of approximately $6 million in 2011. Interest expense for the full year 2010 is expected to be approximately $175 million based on current levels of interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interest on capital projects. We expect to reduce total debt by $120 million by the end of 2010. Depreciation, depletion and amortization for 2010 will be approximately $385 million. We have carefully reviewed our capital spending requirements relative to current demand levels. We now expect capital spending in 2010 to be approximately $100 million, down slightly from the $110 million spent in 2009 and down sharply from the $353 million spent in 2008. The sharp decrease in capital spending in the last two years results from lower production levels as well as the higher levels of capital spending during 2006 through 2008 that Don mentioned in his opening remarks. During that three-year period, cumulative capital spending totaled approximately $1.3 billion. These projects added reserves, increased production capacity, upgraded mobile equipment fleets and lowered production costs. Our aggregates plans and rolling stock were in very good condition going into this economic downturn. As a result, our capital spending needs have remained relatively modest. We have maintained the production capacity necessary to respond quickly and efficiently as demand recovers. And Don will now pick up with some closing remarks.
Donald James: In summary, we believe our business continues to get stronger as a result of our cost control efforts in this downturn and our disciplined approach to pricing throughout the recession. We will remain diligent in our efforts to look for every opportunity to cut costs, and we look forward to the opportunity of getting the great leverage in earnings that volume recovery will provide us. The underlying trends in trailing 12-month shipments have increased our optimism that the worst of this severe downturn may be behind us. We are in the process of reviewing our specific projections for next year, and we'll provide an outlook in February when we report our fourth quarter results. Our available production capacity which, as Dan pointed out, is in very good condition, positions Vulcan to participate efficiently and effectively in an increase in Federal Highway spending projected by the Congressional Budget Office. By the second half of 2011, we expect a continued growth in the overall economy and an improving job market will begin driving an increase in private construction activity, accelerating the earnings leverage of the company. We are the clear leader in the U.S. aggregates industry and are well positioned for significant participation in the economic recovery and in public infrastructure programs. I would like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our Aggregates-focused business, which has the compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S. markets that are expected to experience above-average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future. We thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now if our operator will give the required instruction, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: First question on aggregates pricing. I was wondering if you could walk us through a little bit geographically, mainly California and Florida, what you saw on pricing. And then secondly, it seems like pricing, broadly speaking, in many of your markets does appear to be stabilizing. But if you could talk about the mix in your backlog as you look out over the next several quarters if there's any either positive or negative mix issues that we should be aware of over the next several quarters, that would be helpful.
Donald James: Generally, our pricing ranges, with few exceptions, from being up about 6% to being down about 10% across markets. I think you're correct that Florida and California have been the markets where the private construction has been hit hardest and longest, and those are the states in which our pricing performance has been weakest. Generally, markets where demand is stable and improving also have stable and improving pricing. There is a pretty tight correlation between demand and pricing, and we believe as soon as we see demand firming up in some of the weaker markets, we'll see pricing opportunity come back. The second half of your question, Garik, was what?
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Was on product mix. And if you look at your backlog, if there is any mix issues that we should be aware of one way or the other that could...
Donald James: I think the only sort of -- and it's really not a mix issue, but the only significant thing is that as the initial stimulus projects get built and rolled off, those were bid at very competitive pricing and at a time, as we've said, when the regular Federal Highway Program was in limbo and the only work coming out, the private sector demand was in the trough and the original stimulus projects got bid at very competitive rates, and as those projects roll off, I think you'll start seeing reported pricing improving.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: I just wanted to take it again on the CapEx a little bit. You did reduce your CapEx forecast for the year. I was wondering when the volumes come back, how much volume can you absorb in these capital levels before you have to start taking cost back into the system?
Donald James: As we've said, our plant and equipment is generally in very good shape. I think certainly, as volumes come back, as we add 25 or 30 or 40 million tons of production, we'll start needing to replace some plant and mobile equipment, which we'll do, but we are, as a result of the very large CapEx we had in the years prior to the downturn, I think we're in great shape. So CapEx will go up, but it won't go up nearly as high as annual DD&A.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Does your new capital forecast imply any change to your incremental and your view that the business can generate a certain incremental margin on the initial tonnage?
Donald James: No. I think in this quarter, where we had volume growth, it reflected the incremental margins that we believed it should, which are in the 60% range.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: My last question is on the Asphalt business. Just on volumes, I believe coming out of the last quarter, there was an expectation of the second half of the year was going to deliver some volume growth in that business. If you could talk about the volume decline in Asphalt in the third quarter, if that was related to project delays or if there's anything else going on?
Donald James: I think some of it is timing, some of it is continuing weak asphalt demand in the private sector work. There's not a single issue there. We are very pleased that our material margins, that is the spread between selling prices and material input costs, continued to improve. As you know, they sort of hit cyclical lows earlier this year as a result of the higher price of liquid asphalt and the difficulty of passing that through in the asphalt mix selling prices, but those material margins are improving. And as we began to see volume recovery, that should enhance earnings in that product line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Don, your Ready Mix revenue per cubic yard was up sequentially for the first time in a while. Can you talk about whether October pricing was above your third quarter average? Also, can you touch on what kind of Ready Mix pricing trends you're seeing for your customers in areas where you're not vertically integrated?
Donald James: Well, that's a lot of questions. Ready Mix pricing is still under pressure, ours and others. We're pleased to see that we expect our volume to be up, particularly in Florida, but it's related to some large projects that we've booked earlier. Ready Mix is much more heavily dependent on private construction than aggregates and asphalt are, and I think Ready Mix will continue to have some pressure on pricing. We work really hard to recognize that our Ready Mix business is really tied to pulling our aggregates through, as well as our cement through. So we look at that business differently than a pure Ready Mix producer might. But generally, pricing is going to be under pressure in Ready Mix until private sector demand begins to stabilize and improve.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And on the asphalt side, you mentioned your gross margin per ton was going to be expanding in the fourth quarter. Can you comment on whether that's a function of liquid asphalt prices coming down or your pricing stabilizing?
Donald James: Both.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And so sequentially, should we be looking for asphalt price increases from 3Q levels?
Donald James: Modest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: I noticed that when you gave your guidance in yesterday evening's press release and today that it didn't give aggregate volume guidance. But last quarter, you gave second half aggregate volume guidance of flat up 5%, which implied mid-single-digit volume growth in Q4. My question today was, was this omission of volume guidance to the aggregate intentional? Or do you expect mid-single digit volume increases in Q4 in that segment?
Donald James: Kathryn, one reason volume guidance for aggregates in the fourth quarter is so difficult is because it depends on when it turns cold and when it starts raining and snowing in our cold-weather markets and when it gets too cold to pour concrete or put down asphalt. So for us to be trying to predict aggregate volume in any meaningful way in the fourth quarter, we have to be trying to predict the weather patterns in our various markets and that's just not something that we're very clever at. Generally, we think demand is improving in highways and infrastructure. It's improving and housing, and it's continues to decline, although at a much slower rate in private non-res and how that rolls up compared to whether in the fourth quarter we're just -- it's tough to make that call in a short term.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Moving to pricing and, I know in Q2 you'd indicated that long-haul would somewhat of an impact on pricing. Did this carry over into the Q3?
Donald James: Yes, we report freight-adjusted pricing, and long-haul transportation continues to have cost escalation in the transportation piece. Fortunately, we're, over time, able to recover that in pricing. I think in Q2, we saw a more severe disconnect between the price spiking up, particularly related to fuel escalation clauses and the ability to pass that through into the shipments going into the yards. But I think that is a phenomenon that will adjust itself over time, and I think you saw it to some extent adjust in the third quarter.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: And speaking of pricing, anything that you'd like to comment on in the aggregate group, in particular about pricing as it's progressed over, say, the past from right now three to four months. Has there been any specific changes in mix or geographic differences other than what you commented on earlier in the call?
Donald James: Well the geographic differences have to do with states and markets where volumes are up and what the average selling price is in those markets and volumes and markets where volumes are down, and so there's always a geographic mix shift going on because our pricing varies significantly from market to market, as you know. But that being said, I don't think there's anything dramatic about our pricing in this quarter compared to prior quarters. Our mix shift, our product mix is not dramatically different, and our geographic mixes moves around some, but basically, I think we have just had a very disciplined approach to pricing and are trying to provide quality in service to our customers and get paid for it. And that's our basic strategy.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: You have $325 million notes due in December, and that's my understanding that strength in the second half of the year is somewhat a factor in funding these notes. My question today is given the current market conditions, what's your strategy for paying off this note?
Daniel Sansone: Kathryn, we closed that $450 million term loan in July of this year with the intent of using those proceeds to fund the $325 million maturity as well as we pre-funded $100 million term loan maturity from next year. So what we will do in December when that comes due is either issue commercial -- we'll use available cash and any balance will be met by issuing commercial paper and/or drawing on our bank loans.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: My final question for today is what were the primary drivers -- you had nice improvement, sequential improvement in aggregate gross margins on fairly modest sequential improvement in volumes; just shy of 1%. What was the primary driver with this improvement in gross margins?
Donald James: While our aggregates cost of sales x energy was down about 2%. Our pricing remained relatively stable, and in the markets where we got volume growth, we got very good leverage, in the 60% range. While volumes were down in some markets and up in others where we got the up volume, we certainly got the nice contribution to our margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kasprzak with BB&T.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to ask about Concrete as well. Looks like the sales were virtually identical from the second quarter to the third quarter and yet the gross loss was little about double, $5.6 million I guess to $10 million on this quarter, third quarter. So again that's sequential comparison, could you talk about what happened there on same amount of sales?
Donald James: Pricing was weaker.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: And the cement price sequentially also picked up almost $3 a ton. I assume there was no price increase in Florida. But so what else could have accounted for that if you have any color?
Donald James: I don't believe our cement pricing -- sequentially.
Daniel Sansone: It had to be customer mix.
Donald James: Yes, customer mix. We're supplying more of our own cement, but that comes with a little longer transportation haul, which we net back out. I don't think there's any specific item that would stick out. It's just the various -- as Dan said, customer mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: One question, I guess just kind of broader question. Don, if you think about the Highway Trust Fund and where we stand today, I'd really like to get your input or opinion on kind of how this thing could kind of play out, if we were to see or how it could change in the different scenarios of what could happen today during the elections, if we saw Republicans take control or Democrats kept or start with -- voted out? Do you think something might get speed up in the lame-duck session? Just to get your thoughts on that?
Donald James: Trey, I would love to see something happen in the lame-duck session. I wouldn't bet on it. I think that's going to be short, and I would expect the current extension of contract authority and funding levels for highways will be further extended in the lame-duck session, probably for six months. That's a yes. It could be shorter, it could be a little longer. I think the real action, though, is assuming that the Republicans take control of the House, which seems to be most people's projection, we'll have a new Chairman of the House transportation and infrastructure committee, probably John Michael from Florida. We believe, as I tried to indicate in my prepared remarks, that the administration, particularly the Treasury Department, is a very strong advocate for increased spending for infrastructure, and in particular highways for all the reasons I outlined and all the reasons stated in the report. This is really the first time the administration has come out strongly and said, "we need a new multiyear surface transportation bill, and we need to get on with it because it is a key way to address unemployment and end up with an economically efficient system when we get through with it". And their treasury in particular and Secretary Geithner, in particular, seem to be approaching this from a purely economic view and not such a political view. Now roll over to Congress. The political issue is going to be whether the Republican majority in the House feels it now has a joint responsibility for the economy. And I point it and I try to emphasize this, one of the points that we have to be able to make, and we is not just our company, but the entire transportation industry, is that voters support what I'll call user fees that are directly related to transportation improvements in their communities. Over and over and over again, that spending and that increased revenue is supported by voters. The point is, is that not all federal spending is bad and that there is public support as manifested through any number of activities for increased revenues and increased spending to relieve traffic congestion. The projections from the congressional commission that studied highway funding was $0.10 a gallon, fuel tax will raise an incremental $20 billion a year, and it will cost the average American family about $100 a year. And for that, they get all sorts of benefits including being able to get home and to work faster, having much lower repairs to their automobiles caused by poor surface conditions. So there's a tremendous amount of really good study and reports supporting it. We just got to make the case that voters will support it, and that's our challenge in this new Congress.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger with Wells Fargo Securities.
Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets: I wanted to ask the question about asphalt mix a little bit different than you had already asked, I think. You said that normally there's a lag, but the competitive environment has kept the ability to pass that increase in liquid asphalt on. I was wondering if you think that competitive environment won't maintain that way and that the margin improvement in asphalt mix will be solely due to lower input costs? Or do you think you're going to be able to pass some of those costs on when they increase, if they increase?
Donald James: I think the way to think about asphalt is look at the end markets. And obviously, public infrastructure is a very large end market for asphalt, much more so than for concrete. And that's the one place that we're seeing relatively strong growth in funding and demand. And as a result of that, assuming the wildcard here is what happens to liquid asphalt cost. But assuming stability in liquid asphalt cost, then we would expect material margins would continue to improve as we're able to get somewhat higher prices for the mix. But the wildcard is the liquid asphalt input cost that we have very little influence and control over, we are seeing liquid asphalt producers for the first time in several years being willing to commit to pricing for longer than a 30-day period, which gives us some more stability in getting work with a firm liquid asphalt pricing. And that's a phenomenon that we haven't seen since probably three or four years ago.
Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets: So you think the competitive pressures that you have referenced in your press release will abate somewhat as demand for asphalt increases, is that correct?
Donald James: Yes.
Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets: And then secondly, really quickly, you said in your press release you attributed the overall decline in volume to the strike in Chicago. Do you think that, that will -- will those projects just canceled? Or are they delayed? If they're just delayed and they spill over into the fourth quarter, did that give you an extra point or two in year-over-year volume increases from that?
Donald James: Some of the projects are moving forward, and we're seeing that. Some may get rolled over into 2011. I don't think there's any cancellation of the projects. It's really a timing. We saw a little bit of recovery toward the end of the third quarter. The strike was in July and volumes were down hugely in July because all of our customer operations were basically shut down. We saw some recovery in the volume in the latter two months of the quarter, and without being specific, I think it looks like some of that volume is occurring in the month of October in the fourth quarter and hopefully, those projects will continue to be caught up, will continue to catch up until cold weather hits in Chicago. And once cold weather hits, we expect a lot of our customers will close up for the year and go home and then crank back up next spring when the weather improves. So how much of that gets caught up this year really depends upon how long the construction season lasts in Chicago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I've got a couple of questions if I could, please, Don. First question, after I say I'm struggling a bit about what obviously makes imminent sense that better volume markets give you better pricing. If we look at what your competitors reported today, it's kind of been the reverse. Their volumes are up by more, and yet their pricing is significantly weaker. So I guess you obviously don't have the benefit of there internal data but if I ask you, just give me some examples of which markets were up kind of the 6% and which were down to 10%, so maybe to help me to close that loop. And then once again, the $120 million in debt reduction or total debt reduction, I'm struggling with that a bit as well, Dan, because the way I would calculate that would to use the short-term borrowings and the long-term debt and that seemed to be up about $80 million in the nine months. So are you talking about net debt there or am I just miscalculating it?
Donald James: Mike, I think there's probably a misconception that because both Vulcan and Marietta are somewhat headquartered in the Southeast that we compete with each other on every market on every job, and that's really far from the truth. Our California, Arizona, New Mexico markets, they don't participate in. We don't participate in their Mountain West markets and their upper Midwest markets like Nebraska and Iowa. Our big Midwestern markets are Tecumseh and Milwaukee, and they don't participate in those markets there and Indianapolis and Ohio where we're not. Northern Virginia is a huge market for us. They really don't participate in that market. Florida, we have local production in Florida, and part Marietta has virtually none. So there's really a very small sort of overlap when you get to where we both participate. That being said, a lot of their volume growth seems to have come from shale gas and energy projects and markets, and we're not in the same markets they're in, but we are in some markets where that is a demand sector, and that has been significant. Remarkably, in North Carolina, there are big highway programs in the Raleigh market and in Eastern North Carolina and Western North Carolina is just sort of out-of-cycle highway projects right now. So there's probably a big difference in our North Carolina shipments even though we compete in relatively limited number of markets in North Carolina. So I don't think you can conclude from the disparity in price volume between the two companies that there's a market share shift going on in volume as a result of pricing. That's just not the case at least from our view. So I can't tell you specifically why their prices are down whatever it was, 3% or 4% and their volume was up 6% compared to ours. We've got enough to worry about with our business and not worry about theirs.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So which were your strongest markets though, Don? And a couple of example...
Donald James: Well, if you look, say, at Virginia, Virginia, particularly Northern Virginia, is volume strong, pricing's good. If you look at Tennessee, Kentucky, volumes are good, pricing is good. If you look at San Diego, volume's good. There's just not a lot of places we can look at and look at their price and volume and our price and volume and draw any conclusions from that. There is a pretty significant relationships in our business between markets where volume is stable and growing and we're able to get a better pricing and it's contrasted where volumes are weak, and they are relatively weak in Florida stone and in some of the markets in California. Volume actually seems to be stabilizing and improving. So there are some disparities there, but in virtually every case, volume stability and improvement is going to provide the basis for price improvement.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And Florida would have been one of your weaker markets, would it?
Donald James: Yes.
Daniel Sansone: Mike, regarding debt, there's a couple of things that happened in the fourth quarter, and we expect it to be the case this year as well, a quarter in which we're a net generator of cash. Even though it's a slow period for shipments, we're pulling working capital down from the seasonally strong second and third quarters, particularly receivables. Secondly, the fourth quarter of this year will generate some additional cash for less exciting reasons. As a byproduct of the weak operating results we had, we're generating tax credits and not paying income tax. And we're actually able to apply those credits against prior year taxes paid. So we'll be bringing approximately $35 million from the treasury back to the company in the fourth quarter of this year for refunds from prior tax periods as well. So when you put all that into the mix, we will be reducing total debt and not just long-term debt by about $120 million. And you're correct, your definition is the same as mine. It would be long term as well as short term debt.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a follow-up on that Dan, the tax credit in the third quarter was due to that reason, was it?
Daniel Sansone: No, no, no. The tax credit in the third quarter is on a book basis, then you have to essentially restate all your numbers on a tax basis. And because of accelerated depreciation and because of pension contributions that were made earlier in the year, we're actually generating sizable tax losses that really get greater than those shown on the book earnings, which give us the ability to get those refunds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Just a quick question on the release. You talked about the rate of decline in non-residential contracts slowing. I know you talked a little bit about oil and gas. Are there any other areas that stand out either substantially above, substantially below that trend as you participate in non-residential?
Donald James: We would not include the holes and drilled platforms for oil and gas in private non-res. We would include that in private infrastructure. So our non-res are essentially buildings, both public and private. So our infrastructure, public and private, is up. Our highways are up. We're seeing that improvement in our numbers. The building side, the buildings that we are seeing are public buildings, both from the black work base realignment and closing of government military buildings is a good bit of that. There's a lot of government building up in the Washington Baltimore area. There are hospitals, university buildings, schools, to some extent, prisons. The place where there's continued weakness is in retail, office buildings and to a lesser extent, hotels. While there are some bright spots there. And just anecdotally, a huge new retail shopping center just opened here in the Birmingham market last week. So it's not dead everywhere, but it's certainly slow. But I think we're seeing it bottoming, and I think that's going to be a real key for us, probably by mid-'11. If the building sector of non-res has bottomed, then I think that's going to be a real key toward volume recovery going forward because that's where the greatest pressure has been for at least the last two years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Davenport & Company.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: On the cash flow statement, it looks like there was about $35 million in there for the acquisition of a business. What was that?
Donald James: We bought a Concrete business in Atlanta. It ties in beautifully with our existing Aggregates business and with our Florida cement plant. Atlanta is the largest single cement market that can be reached efficiently from our cement plant in North Florida, and it's an opportunity to leverage not only the recovery and cement demand in the northern half of Atlanta, but also let us pull through our aggregates and primarily our own cement and get the margins associated with those products.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Are you going to have some detail on that in the Q?
Donald James: We will mention it. We don't typically don't spend a lot of time talking about bolt-on acquisitions and we view this just as a bolt-on acquisition because it's an end market acquisition. I should say, we're not going to grow our Concrete business generally, but where we can pull our own cement through or through swaps effectively pull our own cement through, it makes the economics look a whole lot differently than just the basic Concrete business.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: And then the only thing I have left is in Florida specifically, you all talked a bit on the last call about some sort of outside competition coming in there. Is the competitive situation -- and I realized that prices are under pressure there as you've said because volumes are still weak. Has the competitive situation changed any in the last three months or so?
Donald James: I would hope that we'll see stability in pricing in Florida. I don't think we made a comment about that. I think someone else probably did in their conference call. But we're happy with our market position and our distribution capabilities in Florida. We are able to serve that market from forays in the state, as well as by ship from our big quarry on the Yucatán as well as by rail from Georgia and Alabama. So we have a great supply network and distribution network to serve Florida. At some point, when demand there begins to recover, we're going to be in great shape. But it's a tough market today. But in the long term, there are very limited reserves in Florida and there's a huge amount of growth potential, but it's going to take another time period. I guess we are pleased that housing starts in Florida are up in high double sort of 18%, 19%, 20%, 21% on a trailing 12-month basis. So there is some life in Florida after all, and of course, the highway projects and stimulus projects in Florida are finally getting underway. They were among the slower states to get that rolled out. So it's really when non-res construction begins to resume is going to be the key in Florida as it is in most other markets. But residential, what we think if it turn to corner in Florida, really more so than in the rest of the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Brown with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Brown - Keybanc Capital Markets: I think in the last call you talked about some non-core assets, I think a couple of quarries that you were looking at to potentially sell. It doesn't look like you did much this quarter but I just wanted to get an update on what you might have marked for sale there?
Donald James: I think the only thing we're holding for sale now is a small quarry in a Concrete business in the Bahamas that came with the Florida Rock acquisition. We don't need that because we can supply Florida with high-quality limestone from our core on the Yucatán Yucatán Peninsula by ship very efficiently. We expect that to close any time. We did sell three quarries up in rural Virginia, in markets that had been supported by textile and furniture manufacturing. And as you are aware, I'm sure, those industries are in great distress, and it just didn't make a lot of sense for us to continue to keep those in our portfolio. We continue to look at opportunities where we may have some quarries that are not end markets that are key to us or strategic to us where they may be more valuable to someone else than they are to us. That's not anything unusual. We'll continue to pursue those, but it's difficult for us to sell operations, pay taxes on it and make a lot of sense on an after-tax cash basis. So that's one of the impediments to continue to prune our portfolio. But we do continue to look at that and we'll continue, and we'll report them as they occur.
Jason Brown - Keybanc Capital Markets: My other question was on the pension. Are you expecting you have to put any money into the pension in 2011?
Donald James: No, we've pre-funded our pension through I think the end of '12.
Daniel Sansone: Probably '13.
Donald James: So we don't see any need for additional funding.
Daniel Sansone: Of course that's based on the actuarial assumptions that we used at the time. And obviously, things could change between now and then. But right now, we have no anticipated contributions, and we don't see anything on the landscape that would invalidate the actuarial assumptions that were used in concluding that we didn't need to do anything until 2012 or '13.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clyde Lewis with Citi.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup Inc: One on diesel. It's obviously going to moved up a little bit since Q3 costs. Can you guys do anything to mitigate those high sort of prices or was it very much? Hope to see some low prices for next year?
Donald James: We buy diesel in nationwide contracts, but we don't hedge it, and we're not backward-integrating into the Refinery business. So there's not a lot we can do in the short term. We continue to monitor and manage own fuel efficiency in our plants and every plant every month, captures and reports tons of production per gallon of diesel fuel. So that's a big -- one of our major key operating parameters that we measure and monitor. But there's not a lot we can do about the price of diesel fuel as it moves around other than we try to buy in large quantities and get as lower price as we can.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup Inc: Just remind me, how much you're likely to use this year in terms of millions of gallons?
Donald James: About 40 million gallons. We will be happy when we're bringing 80 million which we've done before.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup Inc: Hopefully, volumes will improve, up the same the PCA forecast and Mr. Sullivan's busy cutting his forecast again for 2011 and '12. The other question I had was on pricing and the strategy that you're seeing. I think you mentioned mainly the smaller private ones that are being more aggressive. Is that what you're seeing everywhere? Or are you actually seeing some of the bigger guys maybe holding that corner a little bit more as well?
Donald James: Well, it's all of the above, I think. It's not so much that people are cutting prices and we're having to match. It's just it's very difficult to get in this market to be able to go into our customer and justify a price increase when they're having great difficulty maintaining the price of their product, i.e. concrete or asphalt mix. So we're not concerned about price cutting. We're concerned about volume recovery. And with volume recovery, I think we'll be able to resume some price improvement, hopefully well in excess of cost escalation in our production side. But as I said, we've maintained a lot of discipline in pricing, and we're trying to provide quality and service and reliability to our customers and keep them competitive through this recession, and that's a big order. But our guys have done a remarkably good job of it, as you look at our pricing metrics compared to most everybody else in the industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: You've hinted at continued efforts to control costs, and I'm wondering if you could detail what kind of efforts you might be alluding to?
Donald James: Running plant sufficiently, that is bringing our workforce in and running hard when we're there and then closing up and going home, moving crews around from plant to plant to achieve production efficiencies is another strategy that many of our operations utilize. Running plants at off-peak hours from the standpoint of energy costs, particularly electrical energy cost, in many markets if we run our plants at all peak hours, we get much lower electric utility rates than if we run in the middle of the day and at summer time. SAG costs is an area in which we are continuing to focus then since we only gave you some input on that. Going to our new ERP system has allowed us to begin to reduce some overhead cost, and that project will continue to move forward in that area. The principle it's not one single place, it's really across-the-board from -- as I mentioned, about diesel fuel consumption, we monitor all sorts of labor productivity. That is tons per variable man-hour, tons per total man-hour. It's done on a plant-by-plant, month-by-month basis, so there aren't any secrets out there. The plants that are doing great jobs show up, and the plants that need some work are also showing up. And so that's an emphasis for us, and it's small. It's pennies a ton, in 250 quarries. That's what the focus is.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: My other question is for Dan, related to an investment grade rating. So Moody's in August knocked the rating down another run and to the quarter line with investment grade in junk. Just a couple of questions surrounding that. I guess one is if you could give us any color on that discussion. It sounds like if you're planning to perhaps draw down on commercial paper lines, and you're thinking that, that doesn't change for the time being. But maybe how important is it really to maintain an investment grade ratings for Vulcan?
Daniel Sansone: First, with respect to the discussions with the agencies, we're in there in a detailed fashion with them. Multiple times a year, we have an active dialogue with them. There's no secrets. They know our plans. They know our priorities. And they do a very good job of tracking the industry and the company's performance. The issue with the agencies at the moment is frankly that our one single metric, debt to EBITDA has crept higher as our EBITDA has drifted lower in this cyclical downturn. And that metric, more than any is the one that's under the greatest pressure with the agencies. And it's the one that probably contributes the most to the current rating and to the threat of a downgrade. I certainly I'm not in a position to speak for what the agencies will choose to do when they see these numbers and when they see our numbers at the end of the year. But I think psychologically, we have a tendency to think of a movement from -- and I'll use the S&P rating just for simplicity, BBB- to a BB+ rating from investment grade to a non-investment grade as some sort of a huge step function it is. In terms of the financial markets, it's not nearly as dramatic a change. Certainly, a downgrade is not something we're hoping for, and we're trying to do the reasonable things we can do to manage for the current rating. But if we were to get downgraded, the incremental effect on our borrowing costs in the grand scheme of things is not very significant. Put differently, I don't think you should expect us to go to draconian measures to try to protect the current investment grade rating at the expense of -- at some extreme expense. In the current term loan that we put in place in July of this year I believe that if we were to get downgraded one notch, it would add 25 basis points to the borrowing spread over LIBOR. It's not the end of the world. If you look at indicative bond pricing in today's market, if we were a full notch lower by both agencies, it would add less than 100 basis points to the indicative coupon rates, and in today's market, that would bring in coupon rates that are still lower than the coupon rates the we have with the debt that was issued in 2007 and 2008. So yes, we worry about it. Yes, we communicate extensively with the agencies. Yes, we're very sensitive to it, but you won't see us turn the table upside down to protect it at all costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Johnson with Morgan Keegan.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: I was trying to get an idea of what liquid asphalt prices did on a sequential basis? And I apologize if I missed it from your discussion earlier going from the 2Q this year to 3Q?
Daniel Sansone: The liquid asphalt costs in the third quarter were -- they averaged about $463, $464 a ton. In the second quarter, they averaged about $478 a ton, give or take a little bit.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Earlier in the call, you talked about the differential in pricing on the stimulus-related contracts. That was a lot more competitive when there were bids or the price points are a lot lower.
Daniel Sansone: At least the first wave of those contracts when bid back in the mid to late 2009 when housing and private non-res looked so gloomy and the regular Federal Highway Program was virtually in limbo, it was in that period that bidding got aggressive.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Is there a way you could maybe shed some color and if you looked at your volumes how much you're kind of tied? I know you cover a lot of geographic areas, a lot of contracts. But how much potential you're tied to stimulus-related projects versus non-stimulus?
Donald James: We don't track it that way and I don't think all stimulus-related projects for us were at lower pricing at all. It just goes market by market. And there are some projects were, for various product mix reasons, we wanted to make sure we got the work and so we bid some of those aggressively. I think there's some of those in Texas, but they are working their way through the system. I can't tell you today how many still have work to go on them, but I think over time, the shift away from those early stimulus projects will be beneficial to price, if there are reported pricing. To quantify that, I can't. But the trend will be, I think, improved.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Don James for any closing remarks. Sir?
Donald James: Well, thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan. We will be back with our fourth quarter and full year press release, I believe, in early February. We look forward to talking to you then. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This conclude your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald James - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Chase Jacobson - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc. J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2010 Vulcan Materials Earnings Conference Call. My name is Eric. I'll be your audio coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn your presentation over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Donald James: Good morning. Thank you for joining the conference call to discuss our second quarter results and our outlook for the second half of 2010. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Our second quarter volume growth is encouraging as we look ahead to the second half of 2010 and continuing recovery in demand. The upward trend in aggregate shipments that started in March and continued through the second quarter led to the first year-over-year quarterly increase in shipments in four years. Improvement in the overall economy as well as higher level for contract awards for highway construction and for single-family housing starts provided the catalyst for growth and demand for our products in the second quarter. The earnings effect of higher volumes in each major product line was more than offset by the settlement of the lawsuit in Illinois, the flooding in Nashville as well as higher energy-related costs and lower pricing. In May, we reached the final settlement in a lawsuit filed in 2001 against Vulcan by the Illinois Department of Transportation. As a result, a $41 million charge was recorded in the second quarter. The suit alleged damage to a 0.9-mile section of the road that bisects our large quarry in McCook, Illinois, a Chicago suburb.  Excluding this charge and related legal expenses in the second quarter, EBITDA in the second quarter was approximately $138 million versus $168 million in the prior year's quarter. Second quarter segment earnings in aggregates were $122 million compared to $127 million in the prior year. The earnings effects from higher aggregates shipments was more than offset by the effects of a 2% decline in aggregate pricing, a 38% increase in the unit cost for diesel fuel and charges associated with record rainfall and flooding in the Nashville area. Over a three-day period in early May, more than 12 inches of rainfall was recorded, most of that total occurring in the first 12-hour period. Aggregate pricing continues to reflect wide variations across Vulcan-served markets. Some major markets realized price improvement from the prior year's second quarter. Other markets, such as Florida and, to some extent, the Far West, have remained challenging due to reduced demand as well as continued competitive pressures. In a number of long-haul markets served by rail, barge and ship, increased transportation costs due to higher energy costs resulted in lower freight-adjusted selling prices, as these costs were not recovered in second quarter selling prices to customers.  Aggregate shipments increased 6% from the prior year's second quarter, due primarily to stronger demand from public highway projects and improvement in single-family housing starts. Many Vulcan-served markets realized solid increase in shipments versus the prior year's second quarter. In markets where increased competitive pressures have persisted due to weak demand, such as Florida and, to some extent, the Far West, and in long-haul markets, where competitive pressures have inhibited our ability to recover recent increases in transportation costs due to higher fuel prices, aggregate net sales approximated the prior year's second quarter, while gross profit declined. As a result, the earnings leverage to higher volumes was not realized in these markets. However, in all other Vulcan-served markets representing about 73% of our aggregates volume in the quarter, the higher sales volume resulted in incremental margins of 65% on the incremental sales dollars. Across most markets, key operating measurements of labor productivity improved from the prior year. In the Nashville, Tennessee area, severe flooding in May closed several of our quarrying operations, reducing Aggregate segment earnings by $3 million. We expect to recover a portion of this from our insurance carriers.  The average unit cost for diesel fuel increased 38% in the quarter, reducing pretax earnings $8 million. Excluding the impact of higher fuel costs, unit variable production costs for Aggregates declined slightly from the prior year, demonstrating the continued focus of our employees in running our plants efficiently.  Segment earnings in asphalt were $14 million lower than the prior year, due mostly to lower selling prices and a 26% increase in the unit cost for liquid asphalt. The year-over-year increase in liquid asphalt cost reduced asphalt earnings $9 million. Asphalt volumes increased 2% from the prior-year second quarter.  Our selling prices for asphalt mix were 5% lower than the prior year. Selling prices for asphalt mix generally lagged increasing asphalt costs and further were held in check due to competitive pressures.  Segment earnings in concrete declined $3 million from the prior year due to an 11% decline in selling prices. Cement earnings in the second quarter declined $1 million from the prior year as lower average unit selling prices offset higher sales volumes. Our forecast for aggregates demand in the second half of 2010 continues to reflect an increase in public construction, driven by stimulus-related funding, as well as the formal extension of the Federal Highway bill, which occurred in March of 2010, along with an increase in residential construction, albeit from low levels. Single-family housing starts in the second quarter increased 6% from the prior year in Vulcan-served states. This year-over-year increase follows a 41% increase in Vulcan-served states in the second quarter. As a result, most key states for Vulcan now reflect positive growth in trailing 12-month single-family housing starts. In private, non-residential construction, the rate of decline in contract awards has slowed in recent months. The start of a recovery in this end market will be influenced by employment growth, business investment and lending activity. The flow of contract awards for highway construction, a leading indicator of future construction activity, has been improving since March of 2009, when stimulus-related funds became available to each state.  In March of this year, the stimulus-driven improvement in contract awards for highways was accentuated with the passage of the HIRE Act. This legislation formally extended the regular federal highway funding through the end of 2010 and transferred $19.5 billion into the Highway Trust Fund, a balance sufficient, along with projected tax receipts into the trust fund, to maintain current levels of federal funding of $41 billion for highways through 2012, according to Congressional Budget Office projections. As a result, monthly contract awards for highways in the U.S. have remained at high levels, greater than $5 billion per month since January.  Through the first six months of 2010, contract awards have increased 6% from the prior year. This increase follows last year's first half increase of 7%. In Vulcan-served states, that increase has been more dramatic. During the first six months of 2010, total contract awards for highway construction in Vulcan-served states, including awards for our federal, state and local projects, increased 11% from the prior year. Through 2010, the Federal Highway Administration reported that only 38% of the $27 billion of total stimulus funds obligated for highways has been spent, which bode well for increased construction activity from federal stimulus spending for the remainder of 2010 and throughout 2011.  Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Fiscal Year 2011 Transportation Housing Appropriations Bill. The House bill provides $45 billion in federal funding for highways, a 10% increase from the FY 2010 level. The Senate will consider its version of the FY '11 appropriations bill after the August recess. This continuation of stimulus-related highway construction activity as well as the prospect for regular federal highway funding through 2012 from a solvent Highway Trust Fund provides the cornerstone of our demand outlook.  In the second half of 2010, we expect aggregate volumes to be flat to up 5% from the prior year's second half levels on a same-store basis. Overall, pricing for aggregates remains solid, despite the year-over-year decline reported in the second quarter. A number of Vulcan-served markets are still realizing year-over-year price growth, while other markets where pricing has been under competitive pressures or affected by recent increases in transportation costs remain challenging. As a result, we expect aggregate pricing in the second half of 2010 to approximate the prior year.  Our 2010 outlook for aggregate shipments reflects a 10% to 15% increase in aggregate shipments going into highway and other infrastructure-related construction activity, due primarily to stimulus-related funding. We expect aggregate shipments into residential construction to increase 10% to 15% from 2009 levels and private, non-residential shipments to decrease 15% to 20%. In the second half of 2010, we expect the average unit cost for diesel fuel to increase slightly from actual year-to-date unit costs. In 2010, we expect to consume approximately 40 million gallons of diesel fuel. At this level of diesel fuel consumption, a $0.10 per gallon change in the average cost of diesel fuel impacts operating earnings by $4 million per year. In our Asphalt business, we expect sales volumes and segment earnings in the second half of 2010 to approximate the prior year. In Concrete, we expect sales volumes in the second half of 2010 to increase from the prior year and pricing to decline, reflecting continued weakness in private, non-residential construction and competitive pressures. In our Cement business, we expect second half earnings to be a slight loss versus the break-even results recorded in the prior year.  We expect SAG expense in the second half of 2010 to be flat with the prior year due to continuing cost-reduction efforts as well as lower costs related to the replacement of legacy IT systems. Interest expense for full year 2010 is expected to be approximately $175 million, based on the current level of interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interest capital projects. After the close of the quarter in early July, we raised $450 million through a syndicated bank term loan at attractive interest rates of LIBOR plus 200 basis points. Proceeds of this transaction were used to further improve the company's liquidity position. We will continue to tightly manage capital spending, and as a result, expect to spend approximately $125 million in 2010, up slightly from the $110 million spent in 2009 but down sharply from $353 million in 2008. In closing, I'd like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our Aggregates-focused business, which has the compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S. markets that are expected to experience above-average growth in aggregates demand for many years in the future. Our available production capacity and ongoing efforts to improve cash margins position Vulcan to participate efficiently and effectively in the $50 billion to $60 billion of stimulus-related construction, including significant remaining portions of the $27 billion for highways and bridges. We are the clear leader in the U.S. aggregates industry and are well-positioned for significant participation in economic recovery and in public infrastructure programs.  We thank you for your continued interest in Vulcan. Now if our Operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Don, I'm wondering if you could talk about pricing trends that you've seen in Asphalt over the couple of months? Your guidance on flat year-over-year profits in the back half appears to imply a 10% or so price increase 3Q over 2Q. Do we have that right?
Donald James: Yes. We expect 3% to 4% price growth in the second half. The issue there are liquid asphalt costs, which were up about $100 a ton in the first half and will probably be up about $90 a ton in the second half based on our current outlook. So we are closing the gap on asphalt pricing versus liquid asphalt costs. But it takes a while to get that done.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And have you seen that starting to take in, in July yet? Or do you have some more work to do over the coming months to get to that price hike?
Donald James: Well, a lot of the asphalt we shipped in the second quarter was priced last year. A lot of it is stimulus work, and it was priced in the period in the second half of 2009, largely, when stimulus work was about all that was out there, because the regular Federal Highway Program was in limbo. As you know, it expired September 30, and for several months prior to that and all the way up through mid-March of 2010, there was very little in our regular Federal Highway Program. So competition for asphalt as well as aggregates was about as intense as it's been in a long time in the public sector. So I believe the situation is improving from the standpoint of visibility of future demand. But liquid asphalt pricing remains a challenge.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And lastly, can you talk about aggregate pricing trends over the past couple of months? And I think your guidance implies a modest sequential increase. Have you seen early signs of sequential improvement across your markets?
Donald James: Again, I think a lot of the aggregate shipped in the second quarter were priced back in the end of 2009, or the second half of 2009, when, as you can recall, housing was still very weak. Private non-res was falling sharply, and there was not lot of highway work other than the stimulus project. So we think the environment is better going forward for aggregate pricing than it certainly was in the second quarter.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And so the declines in outlook, was that driven by some incremental spot work that was shipped? Or was that driven by mix or timing of shipments? I guess, considering the good visibility you've had, I'm wondering why the pricing outlook has been reduced here.
Donald James: Well, highway work, generally, is strong and improving. The offsetting factor is the continued decline in non-res construction, primarily private non-res construction. Housing is continuing to pick up in our markets, but it's a relative small portion of total demand. So the balance, here, is the relationship between the improving demand in the highway sector and the continuing decline in the private non-res sector. We are seeing signs that contract awards in the private non-res side are bottoming in the sense that the rate of decline is lessening, and we're getting closer to a bottom there, but that it's still falling. And that's offsetting the upside from the highway sector.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: First of all, on the pricing. As you alluded to earlier, pricing was impacted by the hangover pricing in late '09. And also, you alluded to the long-haul market. Which of the two had a greater impact in the quarter? And also, do you have what percentage of aggregates shipped in Q2 was priced in late '09?
Donald James: I don't have that statistic, Kathryn, with any precision in front of me today. But the long-haul, our reported freight-adjusted selling price in long-haul markets was down about $1 a ton. Our actual price to our customers was only down about $0.30 a ton. The other $0.70 is the incremental freight cost that we absorbed as we freight-adjust our reported pricing. So the long-haul markets were significant. And the reality is that there is a lot more capital tied up per ton of aggregate in long-haul markets. You've got to have loading facilities at the quarry. You've got to have a distribution yard and unloading facilities and either investment in transportation assets or hiring those transportation assets. And then you've got more money tied up in working capital in both inventory and receivables. So in a rational world, margins ought to be higher in the long-haul business than in the truck-served markets. Unfortunately, in this market, there's a lot of competitive pressures along the Gulf Coast. And that's resulted in a reduction in our reported pricing. That accounts for about 27% of our volume, that is, the long-haul markets plus Florida and the Far West, being California and Arizona. The other portion of our business, our largely truck-served markets, which was about 73% of our volume in the quarter, did very well. We got, as I said, 65% of contribution margin from the volume growth there. So the challenge for us is to get our pricing caught up in the long-haul markets. And ultimately, California is in reasonably good shape to try to improve our margins in Florida.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: And just to clarify. In the long-haul markets, is this a function of higher fuel? Or were there other additional competitive pricing pressures in the quarter?
Donald James: Well, as I said, about $0.70 of the $1 is transportation, which is largely fuel. And $0.30 is competitive pressure.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay, okay. That's helpful. And how has prices overall in your aggregates group trended since the quarter end? And how much did mix or geographic differences play to the pricing trends in the quarter?
Donald James: The first half of the question, about pricing trends in Q3, I won't go there at this point, because I don't want to give that information until the quarter ends. With respect to geographic mix, the higher-priced markets had relatively lower volumes. Then that would be Florida and California. And on an absolute basis, the long-haul markets, the way we reported, on a freight-adjusted basis, that would not be the case. But there was some geographic impact to the reported pricing. Some of our markets had price growth. In fact, our pricing ranged from up about 6% in some divisions to down significantly in Florida.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: We're hearing from our checks that you've been attempting to push some pricing throughout much of 2010. Are you still trying to push in pricing now? And how is the market accepting any attempts to pass through pricing?
Donald James: Depending upon the location and the job and the dynamics in the market, we're trying to push pricing every day. Where we're seeing competitive pressure is when an established customer is being called on by a competitor and offered lower pricing. And we have to deal with that in order to maintain the competitiveness of our customer. So we're responding to issues in the marketplace, which really are driven by weak demand in a number of markets. It's a very good correlation. Where demand is improving, pricing is improving. Where demand is weak, pricing is weak. Supply and demand in pricing are very alive and well in this industry.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay. Overall, just stepping back, you talked a little bit earlier in prepared comments about incremental margins. Has your position on incremental margins really changed at all?
Donald James: Well, I think we've said publicly we would expect 60% incremental charges with improved volume. In markets that had 73% of our volume, we got more than 60%. We had erosion in gross profit in some of the markets where we had to absorb the additional transportation cost and where there is tremendous competitive pressure right now. We think volume growth, which is certainly available through highway construction, will allow most markets to exhibit the kind of incremental gross profit growth as a percent of revenue that we have experienced historically.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay. And my final question before I get in the queue is more related to volumes. We noted that in mid-May, there was an overall sentiment change in many key markets in the U.S. Maybe the fundamentals hadn't changed, but there definitely was a marked step to a more conservative outlook from a variety of different construction industries. How much did this play into, effectively, lowered guidance for the back half of the year?
Donald James: Well, I would expect without knowing that if you're hearing from contractors who build non-highway, privately-funded construction, there's got to be a great deal of pessimism there. Because the contract awards for private non-res construction are weak and not yet improving. On the highway side, the contract awards are relatively robust. So I think you would get very different reports from highway contractors compared to general contractors who do civil work in the private non-res sector. If that's inaccurate from what your sources are saying, I'm surprised.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: No, not necessarily. I mean, really, what we're seeing, I mean, a great example is you have an aggregate producer that's still having the same fundamentals but is scaling back on CapEx, because they're not sure about the outlook because of stimulus rolling off or the uncertainty about the new highway build. So it's not an overall market shift, and the fundamentals have changed meaningfully, but just being a little bit more conservative.
Donald James: Well, I think you can see that in our CapEx over the last 24 months. We have certainly been cautious until A) we had the need for it, which, when we are producing roughly people we were at the peak, we don't consume capital at the same rate we do at the peak. So it's natural that our CapEx would be down. I think there are, as you well know, several hurdles yet on the highway side. We've talked about the 2011 Appropriations Bill, which we were pleased with the passage last week in the House of Representatives, it's got to pass the Senate. As you know, the authorization now runs through the end of this year. And I think, most importantly is that the Congressional Budget Office is projecting that the balance in the Highway Trust Fund, given the current balance plus the projected receipts are sufficient to maintain a $41 billion regular highway program through 2012. And I think that's a very positive number that gives us optimism that highways will be strong. When you overlay that with the stimulus spending in the remainder of '10 and throughout 2011, highway spending is going to be robust. The real question, then, becomes, when does private non-res bottom so that it's no longer falling? And how quickly will residential begin to recover? But I think, our confidence is high in the highway sector over the next three years or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Schmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Just want to expand on a previous question with respect to fiscal '11 or the appropriations that passed the House. Seemed like the Senate, in recent weeks, or even going back a little bit further, has been a little bit less keen on increasing spending. Any color that you can provide on that? And any initial reads on whether or not the Senate will pass the $45 billion spending plan? That would be helpful.
Donald James: I don't have a prediction. I do expect that they will take it up. We have been told by the Chair of the Environmental and Public Works Committee that they're working hard and will have hearings and try to get something done right after they come back after the August recess. I think the good news is that the Congress can appropriate the $45 billion, which is what the House appropriated, out of the balances in the Highway Trust Fund without having to increase revenue in the near term. That would likely result in the balance in the Highway Trust Fund not being sufficient to take it all the way through the end of 2012. Basically, it would accelerate some spending out of the Highway Trust Fund from 2012 into 2011. But at some point, Congress will have to take up a multi-year highway bill. The reality is that's probably going to be after the November elections. We have had several senior people in both houses indicate that they expect to get it done in 2011, that it would be a multi-year highway bill. But at this point, the thing that is, I think, tangible is that the balance in the Highway Trust Fund is sufficient to maintain a significant federal program through 2012 without any incremental tax receipts. And I think whether Congress decides to accelerate the spending or maintain level spending x the stimulus is the real question.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just switching gears to volumes in the quarter. Can you provide a little bit more color on the year-over-year progression of volumes as you moved through April, May, June?
Donald James: I think they've been relatively stable each month, in the range of our -- I guess we gave an April volume number at the end of the first quarter. And so, volumes have continued to grow in the 6% range, steadily through the quarter, if that's your question.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: It is. I guess what I was trying to get at, I believe the April number was a little bit higher than the 6% that you reported.
Donald James: Yes, but April's a smaller-volume month than June. So we haven't seen a material shift in monthly volumes through the second quarter. Any variation is just within the normal range of -- some months have one less shipping day, some months might have one more shipping day, and that moves the monthly numbers around. But if you're looking for a trend that shipments are way down in June compared to April, I don't think you'll find that.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And that's, I guess, what I was getting at, because the back of the year, guidance, flat to plus 5, suggests somewhat of a slowing year-over-year trend. And you did mention that there was some segments that you expected to, I guess, lag versus recover. For the full year, or at least for the second half of the year, the guidance that you provided for your various end markets were pretty similar, I believe, to what you had offered for the full year previously.
Donald James: That's correct.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Any one area that you feel, I guess, better or worse about?
Donald James: Well, I certainly feel better about highways. And I am less certain about private non-res, just simply because we don't see the catalyst in the near term for a change there. But on the highway side, the combination of the reauthorization of the regular Federal Highway Bill in March, the additional money going into the Highway Trust Fund, plus the overlay of the stimulus projects in 2010 and 2011, I think, are the place there's upside. Housing, if you look at housing incrementally month-to-month, you get one picture. If you we look at it this year versus last year, you get a different picture. So we're looking at it this year versus last year, and housing is up. Whether the loss of the tax credit for housing is going to cause a double dip in housing once could speculate, but we don't have that view. We think housing will be stronger in 2010 than it was in 2009, and that will continue well into the future. Housing starts are just so low relative to the amount necessary to replace obsolete housing and to deal with new household formations that we think that's got to move. Plus interest rates are at historic lows, and affordability is at historic high. So we have some optimism with housing, but it's a small part of our business relative to highways.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just looking at the ready mix and asphalt volumes relative to aggregates. Was the underperformance there just purely geographic?
Donald James: Primarily, yes. Our concrete is in Florida, the larger Washington DC Metro area and all the way from Richmond up to Norfolk up to Baltimore. In San Antonio, Albuquerque, Phoenix and California, in some of those markets, housing has been hit harder than the rest of the country. Our asphalt is in Texas, California, Arizona and New Mexico. And our volume in asphalt is relatively stronger, or as strong as our volume growth in aggregates in those markets.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: In the past, you talked a little bit about stimulus that's not related to highways. Do you have any updates on how that's tracking?
Donald James: That is hard to track. We keep trying to track it, but it is much less precise than the highway side. But certainly, it is moving. I think the BRAC work, there's a little bit of that stimulus money that goes to the Base Realignment and Closure. And BRAC work is very strong right now in several of our markets. Some of the other projects, water and sewer projects, go through a far less efficient contracting and bidding and awarding process than highways. And some of that's got relatively long lead times. Our sense is the $30 billion or $32 billion of non-highway stimulus-funded heavy construction is lagging the highway side. But I can't give you a precise metric. We're pretty confident that the 38% of spending through the end of the second quarter on the highway stimulus is a very good number. That comes from the government. But on the other side, we think it's probably materially lower than that, but we don't know exactly what it is.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. In the second half of this year, the 5% volume increase, that amounts to kind of a lower volume recovery than what you had signaled for the full year. And given your confidence in highways, I'm kind of trying to understand what accounts for that downgrade. I know you talked about it a little bit, but if you could help me out with that...
Donald James: Private non-res.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, so that's worse than you thought.
Donald James: When it's going to bottom, now you can follow the contract awards, which is what it's all about. But the contract awards are still declining. The rate of decline has decreased, but it's still declining. And the lack of credit to developers is really a big part of the issue. And so, until credit becomes more accessible, it's hard to see private non-res construction turning up significantly.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, great, thanks. And then final question for me is, we have modeled in a payment due by the end of the year as about $340 million. So does this bank loan then address that? Is that how that should go?
Donald James: Yes, that's what it's about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D. A. Davidson & Co.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I guess just maybe to summarize some previous questions and maybe it's a bit early to ask, but I guess based on some of the trends you are seeing today, I mean do you anticipate you could see some pricing growth in 2011 for aggregates?
Donald James: We would certainly hope so. If highways are continuing to improve, as contract awards would certainly indicate they will; housing continues to solidify; and if the rate of decline in private non-res continues to be reduced; or if private non-res actually bottoms so that there's the down sector, there's a flat sector and two up sectors, then volume and price are pretty closely related over the long term. And we would expect opportunities for price growth.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Sure. Okay. And then I guess just given the pressures you've seen in your Concrete business, I mean has your view changed in terms of your relative exposure there, I mean particularly given some of the uncertainty around non-res? Or would you view the current downturn as an opportunity to expand some shares as some of the other suppliers out there are struggling?
Donald James: We continue to look at the opportunity. I think being able to supply cement and aggregate to Ready Mix is a key factor for us. The Ready Mix business, by itself, is not something that is strategic to us. But if it is integrated with our Aggregate business and particularly, if it's integrated with our Cement business, we think it is an attractive business in a normalized market. This is a really tough market for concrete, as you can imagine. There is a fair amount of concrete in some public infrastructure projects, particularly water and sewer projects. But concrete, by itself, is not strategic to us; concrete integrated with our other products, more so.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one last one, any additional anticipated cost associated with the flooding in Nashville? Or is that taken care of at this point?
Donald James: No, that's done. We just had huge amounts of water pouring into several of our quarries and destroyed or impacted some of our equipment which we had to spend money to replace or restore. And that's essentially the gist of that. And that's behind us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Don, you've done a great job kind of outlining your expectations on the federal highway side, and you've obviously been quite clear on your views on non-res. I guess as we think about total call it road and highway demand, about 40% of total aggregates go to that channel. And as we think about it, about half of that funding comes from the federal government, and about half comes from states. And if you look at the spending trends to date, and it's really every month this year and it even goes back into last year, the numbers have been kind of flat to up on a total reported basis if you look at road and highway construction as the Census Bureau reports it. If you back out the spending from stimulus, it would suggest that the underlying spending is down substantially. Year-to-date, call it the underlying spend, is probably down 15%. Now we know that the federal dollars have been constant because of the extension. And so one read on this is that states are under a lot more pressure than the market may be aware, and it's something that the industry hasn't really addressed. So my first question is, could you speak to your view on the state situation as opposed to the federal highway situation because it's absolutely a huge component of overall road and highway demand for aggregates and how you're thinking about where we are now, how that trends in the second half of this year and given the budgetary pressures they're under, how that looks for 2011?
Donald James: Well, for us that's about 22 different questions, because every state is different. And within the states, the local situation is different. I think overall, the fact that for the last six months, total highway contract awards including federal, state and local in our markets are up 11%. So without regard to construction-put-in-place numbers, which are backward-looking, the contract awards are forward-looking. And they are positive. Now perhaps a greater portion of that 11% contract awards is coming from federal money contrasted to state and local than we have seen historically, but the net result for us is that total highway contract awards funded from all three sources, state, local and federal are up significantly year-over-year. And that gives us the basis for our optimism of future demand for that sector. Some states have struggled with getting state highway budgets funded and contract awards out the door. Others have done a very significant job. Some states are viewing highway construction as a state-level stimulus. I think Texas has among the largest state highway program in history. Illinois has a large program that, hopefully, will begin to roll out soon. And California's still got a very large state highway program. Notwithstanding all of the budget issues California's got, the state highway program still appears to be very robust going forward.
Daniel Sansone: Let me give you just a couple of total numbers we'll be able to pull up. If you look at the total state and local awards year-to-date, and this is through June 30, so it's the first half of this year compared to the first half of last year, total state and local awards are up 11%. That excludes all the federal activity. The state-only awards, state Department of Transportation awards, are actually up in the high teens. And these are in Vulcan-served states that I'm citing. And the local awards are down 5% or 6%. And when you put the state and local together, you're up 11% first half this year versus first half last year.
Donald James: Who was it, Mark Twain who said , "The story of my death has been greatly exaggerated."? That may be true about state and local highway funding.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I certainly hope so. As a follow-on to Jerry's question on pricing, can you give us any color on kind of current spot pricing versus reported either for the second quarter or at the end of second quarter? That really is [indiscernible] (1:09:38) across the whole portfolio.
Donald James: As we say, we're pricing virtually every highway project separately. And there are so many factors that go into that, I don't think I can give you an answer that would be accurate that would make any sense. We haven't seen any momentum change in the quarter I guess is the best I can answer that, up or down. There's individual projects going to be bid at individual prices. And they're going to take into account all sorts of things including transportation cost. But in terms of trying to see a monthly momentum shift or even a quarterly momentum shift, that's a very subtle distinction.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Understood. And then the last question and kind of to follow on to that response. Given higher transportation expenses in the long-haul markets, higher diesel costs in local markets, across your platform. Are you undertaking or anticipating taking any more cost-cutting efforts to help on the margin side?
Donald James: As I indicated in my remarks, absent the cost of diesel fuel which we have relatively little influence over, our variable production costs at our plants are actually down slightly. So our guys are doing a tremendous job at the plant. Our labor efficiency, as I indicated, is up. So cost for us is a function of volume. And if we can continue to get volume growth, that will help on our overall cost structure. And we continue to look hard in our overhead costs in trying to rationalize them as we work through this period of relatively low volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with Jefferies.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I had two questions. One related to California and one related to Florida. Heidelberg on their call on Friday, were indicating that they'd seen some volume improvement in California, a change in trend at the end of the quarter which continued into July. I'm wondering whether you'd seen any of that. And my second question related to Florida. CEMEX were indicating on their call that some of the pricing issues had occurred because of somebody dumping stone into the Florida market. I mean is that something you've seen? And is there any sign, if you have seen of that, of that situation coming to a conclusion, coming to an end?
Donald James: California, our volumes there are down slightly in the quarter, but are stabilizing. We certainly have not seen volume growth in California in the second quarter. In Florida, there appeared to be a domestic producer with new capacity that's being aggressive in Florida, but there's many factors there. But Florida has got to get some overall volume recovery, I think, to get pricing back up. I have seen some price increase announcement by some parties in Florida. And certainly given the earnings difficulty everybody in the industry in Florida is under, I would hope that will occur. But I can't give you a projection about what we will be able to report in the second half in Florida pricing.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And how long has that new capacity in Florida being on stream? Has it been on [ph] (1:14:40) now for 12 months?
Donald James: It's not in Florida. It's railing in from another state.
Michael Betts - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just finally, just back to my first question, Don, I mean I hear what you say about California across the whole quarter. But was there any sign of improvement at the end of the quarter?
Donald James: Yes, we did see an improvement in shipments in June, significant, offsetting -- the whole quarter was essentially flat, which meant April, May were down some and June was up. So yes, the trend is good. I would caution that we shouldn't take one month's shipments compared to a prior month's shipments and conclude that there's a trend there. Like I said, just having one or two more shipping days versus one or two fewer shipping days can move the numbers around plus or minus 10%. But I think our June shipments did improve relative to the first two months of the quarter in California.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Davenport & Company.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Just getting a little bit of competitive dynamic a little bit, I'd just like to drill down and a few people have done it already, of course. But are you seeing more competition on Bay stone or clean stone? Or does it matter at this point?
Donald James: I don't know that we see a discernible trend either way.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay. And is there a theme with regard to -- well, first of all, I guess I should say has there been a change in sort of the tenor or the identity of the competitor or any of that? I mean have there been any changes in that way? Has it become more aggressive as the volumes have kind of started to pick up this year?
Donald James: I mean every market's different. And some competitors have appeared to have one strategy and one market and a different strategy in another market. So it's so market-specific that I don't think there are any generalizations to be made. I think, as we've indicated, the markets along the Gulf coast, and Florida in particular, which have been historically high-growth markets and will again be high-growth markets, the adjustment period has been steeper and longer than in most of the rest of the country. And so the issue about volume and price, like I said earlier, in markets where volume is flat to up, pricing tends to be up. In markets where volume is down, pricing tends to be down. And the Gulf coast right now, much of the Gulf coast has lower volumes, and therefore, lower pricing.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Got it. And sorry to belabor the point...
Donald James: And a lot of it is the freight-adjusted piece of the pricing. As I said, 70% of the pricing off of our yards is the freight adjustment whereas once we can get that built into our ultimate selling price, then that will correct itself hopefully.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: So just a follow-up through that, is it fair to say that whereas you guys who are long-hauling into that market, are experiencing very significant I guess I should say net-of-freight price declines, maybe some guys who are closer aren't being as competitive on purpose, they just happen to be closer and their net [indiscernible] (1:19:39)?
Donald James: Well, in the Gulf coast, nobody's closer. There's no rock down there. So it's all moving. Everybody's moving rock a relatively long distance.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Do you feel like your competitors, whoever it is who's sort of driving the competition, is trying to grab share? Or are they trying to generate cash? Do you know?
Donald James: I can't look into the minds of our competitors. I'm sure the need to generate cash is significant. I don't know that there's a conscious effort on the part of any particular competitor to go in and try to grab market share. I would say most competitors are probably not doing very well in long-haul movements right now and trying to grow market share in an area. The difference, there's a fundamental difference in the truck-served markets and the long-haul markets. And that is there's a big chunk of cost, ultimate cost over which you have almost no control, and that is the railroad. And so long-haul markets are tougher and riskier in that respect.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Got it. On the question of stimulus and looking into the future a little bit, what do you think is the breakdown of the percentage of stimulus work for you guys that gets spent in 2010 versus 2011?
Donald James: Our initial projection, which we think has proven to be reasonably accurate, is by the end of 2010, about 60% or 65% of the highway stimulus dollars would get spent. Through Q2, that's about 38% or 40%. Then in 2011, there's probably another 30% of the total highway stimulus we would expect to be spent, with a little bit of carryover to 2012.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: So a bit more next year than in the back half of this year?
Donald James: Yes. But 2010 overall will probably be slightly larger than 2011 from the stimulus piece.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay, thanks for that. Dan, quick question, you talked about $41 million on the legal issue up in Illinois. And I think there's $40 million on the income statement. Is there another $1 million of expense buried in somewhere else?
Daniel Sansone: Yes, that's in the SAG line. It's about $1.5 million of legal fees. The $40 million was the settlement itself. And the $1.5 million were the legal fees incurred during the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Johnson with Morgan Keegan.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a couple of quick questions. Regarding the pricing trends in your truck market. As you kind of came in the quarter, were there similar to your long-haul markets or other markets you talked about where there are contracts that were being supplied based on prices end of last year? Is there a discernible trend in the truck market specifically as you move through the quarter?
Donald James: Pricing in our truck markets on a freight-adjusted basis is relatively stronger than in our long-haul markets.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. And as you moved through the quarter, did it continue to show strength?
Donald James: Yes.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Sequentially?
Donald James: Yes.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, so continual. And then when we look at results I guess for the second quarter, maybe help me understand how big of an effect that weather pattern that we experienced in the first quarter, did it kind of shift the demand patterns into 2Q?
Donald James: I'm certain there was some effect. It's very difficult to quantify. As we reported at the end of the Q1, we saw improvement in March. January and February were a complete washout. We saw improvement in March. We saw improvement in April. I would imagine the largest impact from the terrible weather in January and February was seen in March and April, maybe a little bit of carryover later in the quarter. But I would think whatever we reported, April numbers were up maybe 9%. I would think that's where you saw the carryover. That was in the first quarter.
J. Keith Johnson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, so that's helpful. So when you think of seasonal movements from Q2 to Q3, we're not...
Donald James: Well Q3 is historically our largest shipping quarter because we have more of the construction season. Throughout our footprint in virtually all of our markets, it's a full three months of good construction weather.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chase Jacobson with Sterne Agee.
Chase Jacobson - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I was just wondering if you could give us some insight into what your strategy in the markets that are more competitive, in terms of how you're maybe going to combat the pressure that you're seeing from your competitors. Also, if you have had to take pricing down, how long do you think it takes to be able to regain that pricing?
Donald James: Chase, I think one of the facts of life in this industry is that there is a -- changing the price doesn't create or destroy demand in the marketplace. Put another way, there's very little price elasticity to demand in our markets for our products because our products are a relatively small portion of the total cost of a construction project. That being said, in markets where volumes are down and there is stress on pricing, we have to focus on cost. We have to focus on serving our customers and keeping them competitive. And basically, volume recovery from improvements in the overall demand is really the thing that will allow us to improve price and margin. So our strategy is to keep our customers competitive, be very diligent on cost and be well positioned to take advantage of volume recovery when it occurs. The only place we can affect demand for our product is through public infrastructure funding. And that's an industry effort. But we work very hard in that regard. And we have virtually no impact on demand for our products in the housing and private non-res. But the public infrastructure side is hugely important for us. And we spend a lot of time and energy as a company and as a participant in the larger industry, in trying to build the public policy case for improved infrastructure spending. You may have seen, I believe, there's an article in this week's Time magazine, in fact, talking about how much sense does it make to continue to allow the U.S. infrastructure to decline. And the question is which is more dangerous for the future of the U.S., higher deficits or declining quality of infrastructure? So there's a significant public-policy case to be made. There's got to be an election in November before there's a real opportunity to get anybody to listen to that case.
Chase Jacobson - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: So do you think that there's a chance that just given the cost-cutting across the industry, that maybe some of your less-disciplined competitors keep pricing lower even if demand does return given the incremental margins you can get on the higher volume?
Donald James: We study history. We study markets. Every market's are different. Generally, in this industry, as volumes recover, pricing improves. Will there be an exception to that somewhere? Absolutely. But as a general principle over the hundred markets we participate in, there's a price/volume relationship: the stronger the volume, the greater the pricing power, the weaker the volume, the less pricing power. And that's not going to change, I don't believe, in this cycle.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Just two questions left that I have. Don, you mentioned that 73% of your markets actually saw the 65% incremental margin that you kind of expected. So that means 27% of aggregates markets are kind of dragging on the margin. And has there been something or anything that has fundamentally changed in your opinion in those markets that are going to make those more difficult to kind of turn the corner, as the volume improves? Or is this just simply these are the hardest hit markets for volume and price and therefore, they're going to take longer to come around?
Donald James: There's some of that, Trey. I think the freight rates have spiked up with fuel costs. And that's been a factor. That's a significant factor. As I've said, 70% of the freight-adjusted decline in selling prices is freight. Only 30% is what I'll call market factors or competitive factors. Although the competitive factors have made passing through the higher freight cost take a little more time than we would like. Part of the issue in the second quarter, and I can't quantify this, but if you think about what's been going on in the Gulf of Mexico throughout the significant portion of the second quarter, the whole oil spill has not enhanced private construction in the Gulf coast markets. That's a big tourism area. And while I don't think we can attribute the totality of weakness in the Gulf to the economic impacts of the oil spill, it nevertheless is there. And I can't quantify it. But if you're somebody thinking about building something on the Texas Gulf coast or the Louisiana or Mississippi or Alabama or Florida Gulf coast, you aren't terribly enthusiastic with this oil spill going on and with the huge drop in tourism and economic activity from fishing and everything else. So there's some piece of that in there. Hopefully, we are getting very close to being past that. I can't tell you that that's 2% or 20% of the issue in the Gulf. But it's an issue.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Sure. How much of your shipments were long haul in the quarter? Do you have that?
Donald James: Generally, they're about 15%. I don't know that I have -- I guess we said the 27% includes Florida, some of which is long haul, some of which is local. It includes California and Arizona. Most of which are truck-served markets. So I'm guessing it's in the 10% to 15% range for the quarter, but that's an estimate.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay, that's real helpful. And then you had mentioned earlier kind of just looking into 2011 when you were asked the question if pricing should improve. And you said you were hopeful that it would, given kind of what you're looking for from a demand standpoint. Do you think that, that would include these hardest hit states? Or are they going to be more of a lag than the rest of the business, do you think?
Donald James: I think the reality is that markets where volume and price fall more sharply tend to have sharper recoveries once recovery begins. That's certainly been the historical pattern. Time will tell whether that repeats itself here. But the markets that have been hardest hit on pricing are the markets that generally had the most robust growth in pricing up through 2007. California and Florida, they're the ones where pricing has been hit the hardest in the downturn. History says they'll be the ones that will recover both in price and volume most robustly once the economy begins to recover.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Right. I mean I guess what I'm just really trying to get at here is at what point are we going to start to see the outstanding incremental margin that this business has really start to take shape for the overall business and when we kind of start baking that into our thoughts?
Donald James: Well I think in a large part of our footprint, that's happened. It's happening. We've very pleased with that. In order for the weaker markets to exhibit that kind of recovery, there's got to be some improvement in demand from whatever source. We think public infrastructure is alive and well in Florida and California, as it is in our other markets. The problem is the private side. And once we see some bottoming of particularly private non-res in those markets and some recovery beginning, then I think we'll certainly see the escalation in margins from the higher volume. But it's on the private side and that's what it's going to take to move those markets. In Florida and California. The Gulf coast is a little different, a little different dynamic and it may correct itself soon.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And my last question, and this is the one that I think has a lot of people kind of scratching their heads now. I mean this is your first quarter to ever announce a down price, or a down year-over-year price, that I could ever find. And there is very little price elasticity with aggregates et cetera. And what I'd love to get your view on is why now that volumes are just now starting to really improve for the first time in 16 quarters, are we finally starting to see people in this industry getting more aggressive with price? And this is an industry that thus far has had incredible pricing power.
Donald James: I think the answer to that question, Trey, is twofold. Number one, in none of the periods you have looked at historically has the construction economy in the U.S. been as stressed as it has been recently. But I think perhaps more importantly is that the reported pricing in Q2, for us and perhaps everyone else in our industry, is based on price quotes made in the second half of 2009. And if you remember what was happening to volume in the second half of 2009 and, more importantly, what the future prospects for volume were in the second half of 2009, it was a pretty grim situation. Private non-res was falling. Housing was beginning to bottom, but hadn't quite yet bottomed. And there was no Federal Highway bill. All we had was some stimulus work. Hopefully, what you're seeing in Q2 pricing is a result of the economic stresses in the marketplace in the second half of '09. Those aren't behind us fully yet, because private non-res contract awards are still falling, albeit at a lower rate. But the thing that's going to pull us out of this, both volume and price, is the highway programs, to a much lesser extent, housing. And then the real kicker's going to be when private non-res finally bottoms and has some upside. So I don't think this quarter's pricing, and we've tried to indicate this in our press release and in our comments, is it is not a step change or a functional change. It is the result of really tough markets back in the second half of 2009.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A. I would like to turn the call over to Don James for closing remarks.
Donald James: Well thank you for being with us today. We do appreciate your questions and more importantly, your interest in Vulcan. Hopefully, we have seen the worst of this downturn in our industry. And we're looking forward to talking with you again at the end of the third quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Sansone - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Donald James - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Ted Grace - Avondale Partners LLC Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2010 Vulcan Materials Earnings Conference Call. My name is Eric, and I'll be your audio coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn your presentation over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Donald James: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference to discuss Vulcan's first quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2010. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Ron McAbee and Danny Shepherd, our two Senior Vice Presidents in our Construction Materials Group. Before we begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. To start our conference call, I will make some brief comments related to the general economy and the effects of the economy on our business prospects, as well as our first quarter results and outlook. And then, we'll be happy to take your questions. Economic measures that broadly track U.S. economy indicate that economy is stabilizing and beginning to grow. GDP and industrial production had been improving since the second quarter of 2009. Additionally, every Vulcan-served state but one reported growth in gross state product in the third quarter of 2009, a marked improvement from the first quarter of 2009 when each of these states reported declines from the previous quarter. In the most recent data for the fourth quarter of 2009, every Vulcan-served state reported growth in gross state product. Virginia and California, both important states for Vulcan, reported some of the largest percentage improvements in gross state product.  In past economic cycles, demand for aggregates has improved as GDP has grown during the initial years of economic recovery. As a result of these historical trends and current measures showing economic improvement, our confidence is growing that many of our markets have stabilized, and that aggregate shipments will improve for the remainder of 2010. Having said this, our first quarter results masked this economic improvement because of the extremely wet weather and record snowfall in January and February across many of our markets.  Overall, first quarter aggregate shipments declined 14% from the prior year. However, the monthly trends within the quarter were quite different. In January and February, construction activity and demand for our products were slowed by extremely cold and wet weather and record snowfall. In those two months, shipments of aggregates declined 25% as compared to the first two months of 2009. 11 of the 23 major metropolitan areas served by Vulcan experienced at least twice the number of wet weather days compared to a year ago. The most notable effects were in Charlotte, Baltimore, Washington D.C., Orlando, Houston and San Antonio. However, measuring less weather days alone does not fully capture the effects of the record cold and snowfall experienced in several key markets. Accumulation of snow can have a lingering effect on construction activity, if temperatures remain cold delaying the return of dry conditions. In March, we experienced more normal weather patterns and demand for our products recovered. Aggregate shipments in March increased 4% compared to March of last year, the first year-over-year monthly increase we have seen in four years. This pattern continued in April, as total aggregate shipments were 9% higher than the prior year's level, reflecting increased shipments in most markets.  The average unit sales price for aggregates increased 1% in the first quarter, reflecting wide variations across Vulcan-served markets. Segment earnings in asphalt were lower than the prior year due mostly to lower selling prices, and a 27% increase in the unit cost for liquid asphalt. Last year's first quarter average unit cost of liquid asphalt was a cyclical low point following the sharp spike up in the fall of 2008 driven by higher energy prices. Our selling prices for asphalt mix were 10% lower than the prior year. Selling prices for asphalt mix generally lag, increasing liquid asphalt costs and further were held in check due to competitive pressures. Segment earnings in concrete declined due to lower selling prices and lower volumes. Cement earnings were higher than the prior year's first quarter due to lower production costs and a 4% increase in sales volumes.  Our employees have effectively managed the business during this downturn to maximize cash flows. These efforts have not only included minimizing costs, but have also included aggressive management of working capital.  Total inventory of aggregates at the end of the first quarter was reduced $32 million, or 9% below the prior year's levels. While this action negatively affected GAAP earnings and margins because of the reduced production levels, it increased cash generation and better positions us to benefit from increased production and earnings as demand increases. My opening remarks included some comments about the macroeconomic indicators that point toward general improvement in the economy, and more importantly, in the states where we operate. Now turning to our outlook, I want to build on that general trend of economic improvement by reviewing contract award data, a leading indicator of demand for our products.  Contract awards for highway construction have been strongest among the four major end markets. In the three months ending March 31, 2010, contract awards for highways in Vulcan-served states were up 37% from the prior year. The momentum of stimulus-related funding for highways help support this sharp growth in contract awards for highways in our states. We expect that momentum to continue through the remainder of 2010 and all of 2011. As of the end of March 2010, the Federal Highway Administration reported that approximately 74% of the total stimulus funds obligated for highways remains unspent. Regular federal funding for highways and contract authorities was restored through the HIRE Act signed into law in March. This law extends authorized funding for Federal Highway programs through the end of 2010 to an annualized level consistent with fiscal year 2009. The combination of stimulus funding and authorized highway funding puts funds available for key highway projects around the country at record levels, and helps set the stage for a healthy baseline of ongoing highway funding when the highway bill is ultimately reauthorized. The large backlog of highway constructions that is building whether measured broadly by total contract awards for highways or more narrowly by the percent of stimulus-related work yet to be completed, bodes well for aggregates demand from highways in 2010 and 2011. Contract awards for residential construction have also increased sharply in recent months, albeit from a low base.  In the three months ending March 31, 2010, contract awards for single-family housing increased 41% from the prior year. In Florida and California, where residential construction experienced some of the steepest declines, single-family starts were up 65% and 35%, respectively in the three months ending March 31.  For non-residential buildings, we expect construction activity to remain weak in 2010. U.S. contract awards for stores and office buildings declined 62% and 63%, respectively in 2009. While public buildings declined more modestly only 16%, reflecting some impact from stimulus funding. In the three months ending March 31, 2010, the rate of decline in contract awards slowed. This end market remains weak, however, and will continue to be a drag on the full year aggregate shipments. Due mostly to the level of contract awards for highway construction in our states, we expect aggregate shipments in the remaining three quarters of 2010 to be 4% to 10% higher than the prior year. Overall, Vulcan's total aggregate shipments are expected to be flat to up 5% from 2009 levels.  Our 2010 outlook for aggregate shipments reflects a 10% to 15% increase in aggregate shipments going into highway and other infrastructure-related construction activity, due primarily to stimulus-related funding. We expect aggregate shipments in the residential construction to increase 10% to 15% from 2009 levels. For the full year of 2010, we now expect aggregate pricing to be flat to up 2%, reflecting pressure on pricing in certain markets. Higher aggregate volumes in pricing in 2010 should offset the earnings impact of a projected increase in cost for diesel fuel. In 2009, our average cost for diesel fuel were $1.94 per gallon. For the full year, we now expect the unit cost for diesel fuel to increase approximately 36%. In 2010, we expect to consume approximately 40 million gallons of diesel fuel. At this level of consumption, a $0.10 per gallon change in the average cost of diesel fuel impacts operating earnings by about $4 million per year.  In our Asphalt business, we expect sales volumes in the remaining nine months of 2010 to increase from the prior year, offsetting the 9% decline reported in the first quarter. As a result, full year asphalt volumes in 2010 are expected to be flat with the prior year. Pricing for asphalt mix is expected to be flat compared with 2009 levels, while unit costs for liquid asphalt are projected to continue to increase from current levels. As a result, we expect lower material margins for the full year in asphalt when compared with the prior year.  In concrete, we expect sales volume to remain flat with the prior year and pricing to decline modestly, reflecting continued weakness in private non-residential construction. In our Cement business, we expect earnings to improve modestly from the prior year on slightly higher shipments. We expect full year SAG expenses in 2010 to be slightly lower than 2009, due to continuing cost reduction efforts, as well as lower cost related to the replacement of our legacy IT systems. Cash interest expense for the full year is expected to be approximately $175 million based on current level of interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interest on capital projects. We will continue to tightly manage capital spending and as a result, expect to spend approximately $125 million in 2010, up slightly from the 2010 we spent in 2009 and down sharply from the $353 million in 2008. Finally, I'd like to provide an update regarding permitting activity in the Lake Belt in Florida. In late January, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers issued its record of decision in support of mining in the Lake Belt region. Simultaneously, the Corps of Engineers began moving ahead with issuing new permits. Vulcan received its new permit in March of this year. Our permit is for a period of 20 years. It covers 940 acres, and allows us to mine in excess of 80 million tons of limestone. In closing, I would like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our aggregates-focused business, which has a compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S. markets that are expected to experience above-average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future.  Our available production capacity and ongoing efforts to improve cash margins position Vulcan to participate efficiently and effectively in the $50 billion to $60 billion in stimulus-related construction, including significant remaining portions of the $27.5 billion for highways and bridges.  We are the clear leader in the U.S. aggregates industry and are well-positioned for significant participation in the economic recovery and in public infrastructure programs. We thank you for your interest in Vulcan.  Now the operator will give us the required instruction, and we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you please talk about the variance in volume?
Donald James: I'm sorry, Jerry. Could you repeat that?
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you please talk about the variance in the volume recovery that you saw in April, which regions are you seeing shipment increases stronger than average, which regions are weaker?
Donald James: Jerry, it's across the board. We're seeing it in virtually every market. California is probably behind the rest of the country in terms of improving volumes, but pricing in California improved in the quarter. But it's pretty widespread, and I think it's just an indicator of -- principally, highway contract awards and principally the stimulus work.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And can you please talk about the Virginia quarries that you sold in the quarter? Do you see other opportunities to call your footprint, or was this just a particularly attractive price that you received and are you looking for any opportunities to redeploy that capital?
Donald James: Jerry, we constantly look at our portfolio of businesses to identify those where we think we have less opportunity for growth. These three quarries were identified about two years ago, and we've gone through a long process and finally closed the transaction in the first quarter. We did receive an attractive price. We took the immediate proceeds and reduced debt, but that strengthens our balance sheet. And certainly, we continue to look for other acquisition opportunities both reserves, greenfields and existing quarries in markets where we have, believe we have a bigger upside. We do have a few other quarries around the country that are not in areas that would exhibit better-than-average growth, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to withdraw capital from those assets and redeploy it in areas where we think we have greater opportunities for growth.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And lastly, you were kind enough to provide a pricing update for your Asphalt businesses. I'm wondering if you can talk about your customers' pricing outlook in areas where you're not vertically integrated, are they able to pick up pricing as these new contract awards come in?
Donald James: As you know, partner with our construction customers to work together to achieve DOT contracts. And certainly, there's pressure on both construction contracts, which backs up into asphalt mixed prices. I think the wildcard is the timing of liquid asphalt costs compared it to the ability to pass those through. In the first quarter of 2009, we had a period of declining liquid asphalt costs, but contract pricing that reflected much higher cost. So we were in a sweet spot on the asphalt margin. We're not in such a sweet spot now because we've got business contracted at basically fixed rates, and we're receiving rising liquid asphalt costs. That will flip, it's just a matter of time. But we're in a probably a trough in terms of asphalt margins compared to being at a relatively high peak in the quarter a year ago.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms. [Stephens Inc.]
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Don, well, I guess first off, on the price guidance, the source of the reduction there, did mix play a role in that at all? Or is this -- I mean, true pricing pressure that you're seeing? I know you mentioned that in certain markets, but I'm just trying to get a feel if product or geographic mix played any role in that at all?
Donald James: I don't think that at this point, we can point to any product or geographic mix with respect to our pricing outlook for 2010. After the fact, we can tell you that, but at this point, we're going to get price increases wherever we can, in some places we have to respond to competitive pressures to keep our customers competitive and that's a moving target, and it continues to ebb and flow from day to day. But we're reasonably optimistic that we can continue to gain price, but at a very modest level through 2010, but it is very market specific.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And you talked about your expectations for increases in highway and residential and kind of quantify those. Could you give us kind of what your thought is on the non-res piece? I mean, in the press release you said you expected continued weakness there, but at least, unless I missed it, it didn't get as much color on the specifics there.
Donald James: Trey, we think our shipments into non-res construction in 2010 will be down 15% to 20% compared to a year ago.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay, all right. And then my last question is on margins. In the quarter, obviously, the lower volume in the quarter and diesel, et cetera, played a role, but you guys have talked about incremental margins in aggregates many times in the past and now that it looks like volume is starting to improve, kind of given where costs are currently and diesel, et cetera. Could you give us an update kind of where you see those incremental margins currently since we are starting to see these volume start to move in the right direction finally?
Donald James: Trey, we think that the 60% margin is a good number in quarters in which we are both producing and shipping at comparable levels. I think one of the really important things for analysts to understand about Q1 is that we cut way back on production in Q1, partly because weather made production terribly difficult and expensive. But secondly, we made a conscious decision to reduce production and ship out of inventories and if you file accounting, that hurts GAAP earnings. But it certainly positions us as we move forward to get the benefit of the GAAP earnings benefit of increased production, along with increased shipments. So if you look at our inventory numbers, particularly in aggregates, you see we have reduced our inventory of aggregates. We will get to replace that by production in the second quarter, in the third quarter, which will greatly improve our earnings. So shipping out of inventory hurts GAAP earnings, but as you produce and ship at comparable rates, it really does improve earnings. So hopefully, you all understand that, but that's a real factor in the quarter as we pulled inventories down.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners. [UBS Investment Bank]
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: You were kind enough to give us the trends so far in volume in April which is really helpful, but can you talk to us about kind of the trends you're seeing, maybe in prices?
Donald James: I don't have any good data on prices in the second quarter. I don't see any reason it is any change from what we were seeing in the first quarter. But certainly, volumes have picked up. And as you know, we normally don't talk about shipments in the quarter, but we thought the change between January and February on one hand, and March and April on the other were significant enough and that we felt like it was important to indicate that and fairly others are doing the same thing.
Daniel Sansone: And, Timna, this is Dan. I do have the pricing for the month of March, and the increase in the month of March was essentially comparable to the increase for the first quarter. I do not have anything for April in front of me right now.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then within that pricing you talked in the past a little bit about whether it was mom and pops that are providing that competitive pressure you referred to or whether or not it's more of the established players. Can you give us a little color on characterizing where that competitive pressure might be coming from?
Donald James: It depends on what market, but there's competition everywhere and it's coming from both mom and pops and larger, publicly traded companies. So there's not a particular point or price competition that's different from the general competitive landscape.
Timna Tanners - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just wanted to take a step back and ask you about with your high-level conversations regarding the gas tax and what your government contracts are saying there, and as we look forward to kind of the end of the year, and next year's federal government spending outlook?
Donald James: We clearly prefer a multi-year highway bill funded by gasoline tax. As you know, there have been, I guess, now three supplemental appropriations in the Highway Trust Fund to offset the effects of declining fuel consumption. Economic recovery will help with the volume, but still we think there's got to be an additional revenue stream to get the Highway Trust Fund at a level that is most observers think is necessary just to maintain the conditions of the U.S. highway infrastructure. I don't envision there being any movement in Congress until perhaps the lame duck session after the November elections to address a funding source for the next multi-year highway bill. There has been some discussion, I think it's -- maybe off the table now about a carbon tax, which would be collected as a motor fuel tax, but I think that's all dead at this point. So anyway, the discussion continues. We don't see a near-term resolution. And again, we will continue to work hard with our industry associations to try to make the case after the elections that -- by that time, hopefully, the economy will continue to be improving, unemployment rates will be falling and maybe there'll be a case at that point to fund the highway program.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Schmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: First question is on pricing. I was wondering if you could dig in a little bit more on what regions you're seeing some of this price competition? In the past, it seemed like it was confined to Florida and California. Are you seeing, I guess, an expansion in where your pricing is under pressure?
Donald James: Well, the California prices are actually up for the second quarter in a row, so that has stabilized. Florida remains, has a fair amount of price pressure. And between those two, most markets, there's a significant variation, but I think the Florida market is probably the one that has the greatest amount of price pressure at the current time.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And I was wondering if you could talk about aggregates of volumes as you look out for the rest of the year? You've provided the up 4% to 10% guidance for the next three quarters, but certainly pointed out some pretty attractive macro data points with highway contract awards being up significantly, and we also track railcar shipments on a weekly basis. Do you think -- I understand that visibility might not be quite there yet but, is there a potential upside, perhaps, to your volume guidance at this point?
Donald James: Well, we hope so, but I can't change my internal guidance at this point. But we think, for example, if you're tracking railcar shipments, much of the material that moves by rail goes into our distribution yards, and then it's sold off those yards to our customers. So there is a lead time or lag time, depending on which way you look at it, between the time a railcar is loaded and the shipment is reported by the railroads and when it shows up into aggregate sales for us. So that is a great leading indicator, but you know it's not an overnight conversion from railcar shipment into aggregate sales. But within a quarter, it ought to show up. So you have to look at the timing of those rail shipments compared to when the quarter ends and when the sales are actually reported. And another factor, of course, will be the regular federal highway program got reinstated in March, and there was no benefit of that in the first quarter in terms of new contract awards because there was no time. Hopefully, in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2010, we'll see the benefit of the re-establishment, if you will, of the regular federal highway program at a $42 billion annual funding level and that will be on top of the stimulus. And as I've said in my prepared remarks, for the next couple of years at least, we're going to see record highway funding in the United States. The downside, of course, is in non-res construction where we're seeing significant continued difficulty, and housing winds up sharply as coming off very low base. So the real story here is highway funding on the upside versus non-res on the downside.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Sure. And I guess my last question is on asphalt, with your volume guidance of flat for the year. Just trying to reconcile that with your aggregate shipment forecast being up. I guess what's the disconnect between the asphalt volume guidance and aggregates?
Donald James: Well, in asphalt, really in any significant way and only three states for a total of four, California, Texas, Arizona and New Mexico. As we said, volume in California is lagging the rest of the country aggregate volume. So there's not a, I think you can, there's not a correlation between our asphalt shipments and our aggregate shipments because of the diversity of geography, plus we supply a lot of asphalt producers as customers and in different parts of the country. So those aren't tightly correlated.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Just a follow-up question in California. Spending has lagged to the rest of the country. Are you seeing, as we move through March and April, and weather seems to have improved, are you seeing any realization of volumes from pent-up demand?
Donald James: Well, certainly, we felt that March had some impact of pent-up demand from January and February. One reason we gave you our shipments for April was because we thought that while it probably had some pent-up demand from January and February as well, it nevertheless was more indicative of some recovery in volumes for two months in a row. Again, some of that is going to come from volume that was not able to be shipped earlier in the year. But we do see improving shipment opportunities, primarily in publicly funded highways and other infrastructure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: When we look at the, I guess 75% odd of the stimulus highway left or about $20 billion, and then the $30 billion on non-highway, what's your best guess on 2010 versus 2011 in terms of how much we get done in 2010, of each of those numbers and then how much spills over into '11 or beyond?
Donald James: Our estimate overall is that probably 45% to 65% of the total will be spent by the end of 2010. That includes the 20% or so that was spent in '09, and then probably a third of the total will be spent in '11, and then a little bit of the tail of it will go over into '12. What is significant though, and these numbers are available and you should get them, is it's a very different story when you look at individual states. For example, California has spent less than 15% of its money. Florida has spent less than 15% of its money. Georgia spent less than 12% of its money. Virginia, less than 8%. So there are several large states for us, Louisiana, less than 9%. So there are several large states for us where, has a lot more spending of stimulus money for highways still available than in the overall country. On the flip side, if you look at states like Illinois, it's well ahead of the game and about 46% has been spent. Tennessee, which is another key state for us about 43% has been spent. North Carolina, about 27% has been spent. So it's a very different scenario across individual states. And so as we look at our states, we're really in better shape going forward because there's been a much lower percent on average in our key states than in the overall U.S.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, Arizona and Virginia, I think we're in last place, DOT needs to go but anyway...
Donald James: Well, it's spent. We're frustrated as you are about Virginia, but the money is there and it'll get spent.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is there a way to relate that $50-odd billion to sort of less the spend to an aggregate shipment number in tons, Don?
Donald James: We have done estimates. It's easier to estimate on the highway piece and on the other infrastructure piece, which are water and sewer projects, and there's less data available and there's less aggregate intensity on many of those projects than on highway projects. The good news about the highway projects and the stimulus is because of the time frame in which contracts had to be awarded and projects completed. It's very aggregate intensive and we've given some metrics on that in the past. I don't have them in front of me, but it is relatively more aggregate intensive than general highway dollars because less of this money is going to write away acquisition and earth moving and much more to resurfacing and lane additions. We have given that data, and I just don't have it in front of me.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just quickly, I know it's way out, but do you have any insights into '11 for non-res volumes?
Donald James: We don't. We watch contract awards and that will drive our analysis of '11. And obviously, for '11 to be a recovery year, we'll have to see non-res contract awards pickup in 2010. We're not seeing that yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: I just want to circle back on some of your commentary on the margin weakness. It appears that the higher diesel and also the inventory had an overall -- the greatest impact on margins. Of those two, how much did the higher diesel impact impact the quarter and what are you doing to offset those in Q2 and beyond? And what was the relative impact of your inventory reduction that you discussed earlier on margins?
Donald James: Diesel cost us about $6 million pretax, incremental cost in the quarter. The inventory drawdown probably cost us $14 million in the quarter, which will recapture when we produce that material in the second quarter.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: On the same lines with inventory management, all the way down here, a little steeper decline for inventory as 10% to 9% that you commented on the prepared comments based on the release you had today. But you basically you've had, at least according to our calculations, two consecutive quarters where you've had double digit year-over-year declines in inventory. What are your targets for inventories for fiscal '10, and how should we think about this as the year progresses?
Donald James: In our view from our operating standpoint, the fourth quarter and the first quarter are the toughest quarters to produce material because of weather. So that's the most efficient time to cut back production and ship out of inventories. So that's what we've done. Q2, Q3, we typically have better weather, better conditions. We're more efficient. So we have shipped out of inventory for two reasons. One is because of production efficiency, and the other is to conserve cash and not have cash tied up in piles of inventory. Now that we expect shipments to improve for the remainder of the year, we can then run our plants at efficient levels in decent weather. So this is what we have been planning for over the last six months. And fortunately, we're well positioned now to get the benefit of improving GAAP earnings and margins from both increased shipments, but also higher production levels.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: So do you have an internal target for a dollar level of inventories you'd like to be at the end of the fiscal year?
Donald James: It really is a function of sales, projections, size and by market and I don't think we have a -- we don't put a dollar figure on that. That's really a plant-by-plant sales and marketing, operating decision.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Generally, what I'm trying to get an understanding of is just given your stated volume guidance for the year, how much more are you looking to draw down inventories further, assuming that your current volume guidance is...
Donald James: We don't expect to draw inventories down. We expect to resume production. And if anything, inventory levels will go up, both from a seasonal standpoint and from a cyclical standpoint. So we'll see the benefit in our GAAP earnings and margins of higher production levels.
Daniel Sansone: Kathryn, throughout the downturn, we've tried sequentially through the quarter as the best as we could to match our production levels with our demand levels. And obviously, you're not going to match them perfectly in a given quarter. But if you look at that data over a four to eight quarter period of time, the guys have done a great job of doing just that. They try to match what they produce to what they're selling. And if you look at the days sales of inventory we have on the ground today, it's a little bit higher than where it was a year ago based on the current run rate of sales activity. So it's another metric that just support Don's comments, that the inventory levels themselves are really not a problem for us, they're in pretty darn good shape. And as the demand profile recovers, we have a lot of flexibility to again match our production levels to our future demand levels.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: I just wanted to clarify that inventory draw down costs that we experienced in Q1 won't necessarily be carried through in the remainder of the year. Moving on over to your pricing, we're in the field getting some good feedback over with pricing guidance, particularly over the past 30 to 45 days. But still we want to get a little bit of hand holding on why the difference in pricing for the full year and what's really driving that, particularly if you believe that they're potentially getting upside of volumes and assuming once again that pricing generally follows volume trends.
Donald James: Well, we got about 1% price improvement in the first quarter. That was lower than our full year guidance, so we've got to make up some sales price through the year where we have the opportunity. I don't think you should, within the range of our ability to predict selling prices for the full year at the end of the first quarter, don't put too much significance on what we're projecting as average selling price. That can change a lot depending upon product and geographies and volumes and changes in demand. So we're not trying to signal anything about pricing changes in the year in our guidance, other than our best guess is how it's going to come out. And that's a roll off of a lot of different projections around the country.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: And finally, I know that you talked about this a little bit earlier. Given -- obviously, the you've lease starts adaptations for Q1 volumes, but you left your full year unchanged. Any other additional clarity? And particularly, if there would be any upside to volumes, what areas would it be? I know you said that the downside would be in your non-res commercial. But between residential and your public, which should be the greater pool in your opinion for potential upside with regards [ph] for the year?
Donald James: I think there are probably two places where there may be upside. One, is we're seeing robust increase in housing starts albeit from low levels. A lot of those houses are being built on already developed lots. If the homebuilders start developing new lots in advance of construction, projections at the latter part of 2010 and '11, we've been very conservative in projecting volume going into housing because of this developed lot phenomenon. But there is an upside, if housing continues to strengthen, particularly in our markets and there's new infrastructure development around lots, I believe that's an upside. The second upside is how quickly the state DOTs get the $42 billion that was reinstated in mid-March in the regular Federal Highway Program out to bid in construction. And if that moves faster than we have projected, then it could show up in 2010 volumes. Certainly, it will show up in 2011 volume, probably carrying over well into '12 given the normal spinned-out level of the regular Federal Highway Program. But I think one telling anecdotal piece that was on the front page of Birmingham News about a week ago, which is consistent with everything we tell our friends in Congress, the Alabama DOT announced that it was moving forward with the contract award for the interchange of new Interstate I22, otherwise called Corridor X, that connects Birmingham and Memphis with I65, which connects Birmingham and Nashville. And the Director of the state DOT said with this month-to-month funding extension from Congress, we couldn't award the contract for that interchange. Now that the $42 billion has been reinstated, we're going to award the contract to build the interchange. And it's tens of millions of dollars of construction. And that's one small example of what we hope we will see with the reauthorization, at least through the end of 2010 on the Federal Highway bill. And as projects like that get bid and let and constructions starts, then there's an upside we think to volume in 2010.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Just wrapping up with your Lake Belt, is there anything we should think about with the Lake Belt that would impact the pricing situation in Florida? Or any other thing we should take in consideration surrounding Lake Belt?
Donald James: I think virtually everybody in the Lake Belt is now back into production. But so much of that material moves relatively long distance by rail up the east coast of Florida and up the rail to Central Florida. I don't expect that to really have a tremendous impact on pricing in Florida. The issue in Florida right now is demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak with BB&T Capital Markets.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: I want to make sure I heard you correctly in your prepared remarks, where I thought I heard you say, that the increase in diesel fuel you guys expect for the year will basically be offset by the price increase that you think you'll get for the year, i.e the tool that will offset, it's a push. Is that what you were saying?
Donald James: Yes.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: So any profit improvement that you might get in 2010 versus 2009 would be due to volume?
Donald James: Yes. And general production efficiency outside of diesel fuel. The more we produce, the more efficient we get.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Right. Moving up the curve to that 50% incremental.
Donald James: Right.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Your comment to ready mix concrete, where I think you said that for the year, you expect modest decline, it was down 12% in the first quarter. I think you just said demand in Florida was weak, seems particularly weak there across your various markets. Why a little more optimistic view of ready mix given that it's down double digits and that's mostly in Florida and that's among your weakest, if not weakest market?
Donald James: Actually, our Concrete volume in Florida was stronger than it was in the rest of the country. We had a relatively less of a decline in Florida Concrete as we had in our other markets. So Concrete in Florida is not particularly weak. It's weak compared to historical, but relative to other markets in the country, it's not. I think the -- Florida was also, had terrible weather in January and February and that certainly didn't help Concrete sales. So I wouldn't look at the Concrete volume in the first quarter as indicative of the market for the full year, I would certainly factor in the terrible weather. And as we indicated, we have a large Concrete business up in Washington DC and Baltimore and Virginia. And it's really our largest market and that market was hammered with snow. So trying to pour concrete even after days and days and days after those big snows was impossible. So I think Concrete is not as bad as first quarter volumes would indicate.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Also too on pricing for the year, where you think you were just referencing that your trying your best guess but we'll get later in the year and have a little more certainty, which makes some sense. But given that most of the volumes seems to be coming from infrastructure work right now, highway work, which is generally contracted ahead of time. Wouldn't you have more certainty as to your pricing for this year given the mix versus an average year?
Donald James: Yes, I think that is a correct statement. A lot of the projects have been bid. We have contracts for a lot of the projects, but there's still a fair amount in front of us. And so we're trying not to be too aggressive on our pricing outlook, but again, this is -- I hate to keep saying this,, but it's job by job, market by market, day by day. What we report to you at the end of a quarter is a roll off of thousands of pricing decisions. And we're just giving you our best guess at this point about what full year price is going to look like. So again, I wouldn't put great significance at the end of the first quarter on what we're saying or not saying or changes we've made in full year pricing metrics.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: How much of the competition that's evident in the pricing environment is due to the inventory and balances that seem to exist for a lot of producers?
Donald James: I don't have a feel for that. We have worked very hard not to have inventory imbalances, as you know. So from our standpoint, we got rid of our surplus material several quarters back in most markets. So we're really not out of balance. We actually had almost no change in off-the-books inventory in the quarter. So most of the -- as you say, most of the demand is for material going into highway projects, and that's not surplus in most markets.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D. A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just with respect to your Concrete, do you think you can recover for the full year just from that pretty significant first quarter loss?
Donald James: In terms of volume, we certainly hope to improve the volume over the first quarter number. If you're talking about earnings, we're not projecting Concrete earnings to be up for the year.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then, I guess, just with respect to Concrete pricing, and you mentioned obviously some modest declines there. Are you starting to see some improvement in pricing in the backlog for that business?
Donald James: It's a challenge at this point. So I think the answer is no, we are not seeing pricing improve in the backlog. Although there are price increase announcements by some companies out in various markets. A little visibility of improving demand will help. But at this point, I wouldn't anticipate price improvement in Concrete for the full year.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just with respect to Asphalt and without having much historical context, what sort of a normalized level of profitability for that business on sort of an annualized basis?
Donald James: It's a function of liquid asphalt prices, volume and the timing of our ability to get higher liquid asphalt cost into our contracted selling price for the mix. I don't have -- we can certainly go back and look at what that business has generated historically over a business cycle. I don't have a number I can give you today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Avondale.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners LLC: First question I was hoping to run by you, you've given a lot of great color in kind of how to think about pricing geographically. But from a product standpoint, just wondering if you could speak to mix shift in the quarter on the aggregate side, a crushed rock, gravel and sand perspective. What that mix would be in the first quarter of '10 versus '09? And then, how to think about pricing year-over-year change by product category?
Donald James: I don't have any data. The first quarter shipments are so low and so affected by weather that I don't believe you should draw conclusion of mix shift in the first quarter. As we look forward, the stronger demand is going to come from, over asphalt overlays in stimulus projects, which is a higher spec, tougher to make, generally more expensive product. And will use less base material, which tends to be a lower-priced product.
Daniel Sansone: Ted, this is Dan. If you look at the first quarter data, I do have some breakdowns on broad product categories and our year-over-year change in the price for base material was essentially the same as the year-over-year change in the price that we got for our clean stone sizes, for asphalt and concrete. The absolute dollar levels are quite different as Don just pointed out. But in trying to dissect the 1% increase for the quarter, there was no difference in the behavior of those two broad categories. It was really some of the more specialty sizes like rip rap and some of our signs [ph] and screenings that were a little bit weaker than the main stream counter contour products.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners LLC: So just to clarify that Don made, if the mix shift is going to increasingly consist of cleaner stone used in asphalt work, then presumably that's offsetting drag on other mixed shift, presumably geographic, right? Because we're getting more clean stone that comes with a higher price point. So when you blend that in, there's got to be an offset that will only get you to up one.
Donald James: And the offset is the rock that goes into relatively high specification concrete in private non-res, because we're not -- that's a really weak market. We're not pouring high-rise condos or building baseball stadiums right now because that sector is just so weak. So that's a high-spec, half-priced material that we're not able to have a great deal of volume in.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners LLC: On the margin side, certainly appreciate the incremental color on the under absorption that we saw in 1Q. Just wondering if you can give us a sense as to how the quarter progressed. You spoke to how January and February, obviously, we're challenged both from a demand standpoint and a production standpoint by weather. But did you see the gross margins within Aggregates improve, January to February to March and then April? So that as you've seen volumes pick up as you talked about, the margin pull-through is hitting the bottom line. I think in scale, certainly, and looking at the numbers myself, 80% decrementals were well below what I'd thought you'd put up. And talking with people, I think, people may have been mis-calibrated on that under absorption. So to understand how you're progressing would be helpful.
Donald James: My colleagues are feverishly looking through their reports. I have an answer, but I'm going to let them make sure I'm right before I give it to you. While they're looking, do you have any other questions? And Ted, in the interest of everybody's time, I'll come back and pick this up and give it to you.
Daniel Sansone: There was a substantial increase in the unit margin of Aggregates in the month of March as compared to the number for the full quarter average. The month of March, these are measured in dollars per ton but in the month of March, the margin per ton was about 2.5x to 3x greater than what the average was for the entire quarter. So yes, it did rebound in March. I don't have April data in front of me yet.
Donald James: My answer which is based on just reality, is that given the fact that volumes recovered in March, our margins just follow volume. So that's not any mystery.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners LLC: So the implication there is that April should progress sequentially?
Donald James: Yes, absolutely.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners LLC: Could you just walk us through the math on estimating stimulus spending for 2010 and 2011. How you arrived at 25% to 45% in total spending in '10 and then 33% for '11?
Donald James: I think the -- it's 20% in '10, a total of 45% to 65% through the end of -- I mean, 20% in '09, about 40% plus or minus in '10. And we did that based on a role off of the kinds of projects, in which state and when contracts were let. There is not a simple way to do that. It's just a roll off of all the stimulus projects and the nature of the projects and when it was let. I don't know whether there's a macro, whether there was any trade associations have done similar studies or not would be available. But we think it's proving to be relatively accurate, and so we haven't changed our estimate of the timing of the spending of the stimulus on the highway part.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Rudiger with Wells Fargo.
Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets: On gross margin, if the expansion you talked about from shipping from production in the next couple of quarters rather from inventory. Is that enough in the Aggregate business to offset weakness in some of the downstream operations, so that the year-over-year margin in kind of like consolidated basis could be higher?
Donald James: Certainly, we hope so.
Daniel Sansone: I think that's correct. I don't expect a dramatic change in the margin through the year of the other products. So if we get margin recovery in Aggregates, that should pull it through to the total company. That's correct. That's right.
Adam Rudiger - Wachovia Capital Markets: So there's that much power you think in the Aggregates volume increase. Let's say, you hit the 10% top end of the range, you think that's enough to really drive margins higher year-over-year despite all the weakness in the other segments?
Donald James: Absolutely. There's so much leverage in that Aggregate volume, it can move the needle substantially.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of form Chris Manuel with KeyBanc Capital Market.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: What percent of your shipments go via rail, go via both barge or via truck? Do you have a rough break out on an annual basis of that?
Donald James: Historically, and I don't think this year will be any different. About 85% of our shipments go by truck; about 7.5% go by rail; and another 7%, 7.5%, 8% go by either ship or barge. So it's about 85%, truck; 7% to 8%, rail; 7% to 8%, ship or barge.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I think a lot of what you're bringing via barge comes out of CALICA, out of Mexico?
Donald James: No, that comes by ship.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Any potential -- I know there's a little oil spill, we understand down there in the Gulf. I'm wondering if there's any potential for impact or how you think about that? What you might have embedded into your volume numbers if there's any disruption you'd anticipate?
Donald James: The only place right now that there's any concern about taking our ships into would be Gulfport, Mississippi, New Orleans and Mobile. We have diverted our ships to other markets to avoid going through the oil slick because we can't then go into the harbors without having our ship washed down, and with an 800-foot ship, that's a pretty sizable project. We can serve each of those markets adequately by barge or by rail or by boat. So we don't envision any real impact on our ability to ship into those markets. So that's one of the advantages of having multiple means of supplying material into those coastal markets. It does give us a lot of flexibility.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then with respect to the Virginia quarries that you guys had sold, if I pulled the number right from the cash flow statement, it's about $51 million of proceeds. Were those mostly leased or were those owned facilities? Or can you give us a little more color there?
Donald James: Your number is too high because also in that is a fair market value of donated real estate. It's the 5CP, it's the earn-out from the sale of our Chemicals business. What was your second question, Chris?
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Could you tell us what the -- I guess where I'm going with this is, approximately what were the reserves that were there that you sold? I was going to assume a $1 a ton if you owned it and $0.35 to $0.45, if it were leased. So maybe some little color, so we understand...
Donald James: I don't have the reserve data in front of me. The issue in those markets was a change in the long-term economic outlook. Those markets were textile and furniture manufacturing and those have gone away forever. And if you don't have a whole lot of population and job growth in Aggregates business, you don't have much opportunity to grow volume. So that's the reason they were identified as being non-strategic.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I just wanted to get a sense of what kind of going transaction price, has there been a change?
Donald James: On an EBITDA multiple basis, depending on what time period you look, it was within the high single digit, low double-digit kind of range. Our view is on an EBITDA basis, a quarry and the growth market, ought to trade at a higher EBITDA multiple in quarry and a low growth or declining growth market. So if you're trying to calibrate what an aggregate plant in a declining market ought to be, high single digit, low double digit, if you're looking at faster growing markets, it will all be higher than that, which is what you see in the trading multiple of most of the public companies.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: That will be based off of -- probably not off last year's levels but off the normalized kind of levels, I would assume.
Donald James: Yes.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just to follow up, I think it was on Ted's question earlier question about how stimulus comes on, and I guess where I want to go with it is kind of as it rolls off. 20% in 2009, 40-ish percent 2010. So roughly flat then in 2011 as the balance rolls out. As you move out to 2012, and I think about, at least this public side, potentially falling off. How do you replace those tons? Or how do you feel about highway spending being able to offset -- or increased highway spending to be able to maintain that level, I guess, as you go forward from there and that there isn't a drop off?
Donald James: Well, you have to go back and look at the -- highway spending is a roll off of the regular Federal program, the regular state and local programs plus the stimulus spending. So from September through March, we virtually had almost no regular Federal program. We had a tremendously reduced program in terms of dollars, but the real impact was the DOT sitting on their hands because they didn't have any visibility of funding out of a regular program. So 2010 and '11, when you add up the stimulus spending and the formal extension of the regular Federal Highway Program will be record years in terms of the Federal contribution to spending. We're seeing that in contract awards. What we expect, what will have to happen at the end of 2010 will be some reauthorization of the regular Federal Highway Program, one way or the other. Either through additional appropriations out of the general fund or some other funding mechanism. And as you say, there will be about a third of the stimulus dollars in 2011, with a little bit in 2012. As we look forward, if the numbers that are being talked about from the need side for the Federal Highway Program kicked in, it will be large enough to offset the expiration of the stimulus spending. We're also cautiously optimistic that at some point, banks will actually start lending to real estate developers and we'll see private non-res construction coming out of the trough maybe by 2011, certainly by 2012. So that's how we're sort of seeing the longer-term demand trends. We're not concerned that the world is going to come to an end when the stimulus dollars are finally spent because it's going to be 2012 before we see that drop off. And by that time, hopefully we'll have a regular Federal Highway Program, as well as a recovery in the private sector.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: As I look back at kind of the last peak in the cycle, say, 2005, 2006, when you did a neighborhood of 240 million, 245 million tons and even layering on Florida rocks, volumes on top of that, I don't think will be inclusive of that. What's the path, I guess, over the next two, three, four years, five years to get -- where you think your volumes can get to again, on a normalized basis. Is that something back to that 40-ish range?
Donald James: Our pro forma volumes were about 293 million tons in 2005. That was coming from a normal Federal Highway Program, it was coming from an overheated housing market that was generating over 2 million starts. We won't get back, we shouldn't get back to 2 million starts. And it was from a reasonably normalized private non-res level. So as we go forward, we think longer term, housing will not get back to the '05 levels. But Federal highway spending ought to be better than '05 levels, if we get a multiyear program as the kind of numbers all the people say we need. And we can certainly get back, we believe longer term to the level of private non-res spending that we saw in the '04, '05, '06 timeframe. So the down would be from the peak would be housing, the up from the peak would be public infrastructure and highways, and that would include recovery in private non-res. So that's how we sort of see the future. The other side of it is the supply of aggregates in most markets is very hard to expand beyond the levels that people were producing in 2005 simply because everybody was pretty much running at capacity, and there have been not any real capacity expansion. In fact, I expect we'll see more reserve depletion as we move forward. So that's in a very general sense how we see the future, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Davenport & Company.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: On your comments about the impact of diesel and the inventory draw down, that $40 million inventory draw down, I guess, that was year-over-year the impact...
Donald James: That was the absorption effect on the P&L, that was not the dollar value of the draw down.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: Was that primarily or entirely in the Aggregate segment?
Donald James: Yes.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company, LLC: And then on the diesel impact, what fraction of that was in the Aggregates business versus other business? Rough numbers.
Donald James: The vast majority is in the Aggregates business. We'd have to dig a little bit to...
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call over to Don James for closing remarks.
Donald James: Thank you, very much for your interest. We hope we can continue to see volume growth in our Aggregates business as we move forward. That will certainly impact our results for the rest of the year. We look forward to sharing those with you at the end of quarter two. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Vulcan Materials Co. (NYSE:VMC):
Q4 2009 Earnings Call:
Executives: Donald James - Chairman and CEO Daniel Sansone - Senior Vice President, CFO 
Analysts: Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Timna Tanners - UBS Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group Adam Rodrigo – Wells Fargo Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Ted Grace - Avondale Partners Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and Welcome to the Third Quarter 2009 Vulcan Materials Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Yvette and I will be your coordinator for today's conference. (Operator Instructions). I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman, and CEO. Please proceed sir.
Donald James: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2009 results and our outlook for 2010. I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. We certainly appreciate your interest in Vulcan and we hope our remarks and dialog will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. With me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Ron McAbee and Danny Shepherd, our Senior Vice Presidents in our Construction Materials Group. Before I begin let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. I would like to begin my remarks by discussing our fourth quarter and full year results and then give some comments about why we think 2010 could be another year of solid cash generation. The fourth quarter of 2009 presented a very tough operating environment due to a combination of the weak construction economy and significantly adverse weather in most of our markets. As a result, sales volumes in the fourth quarter were sharply lower than the prior year. Nevertheless we achieved EBITDA of $99 million and cash earnings of $67 million in the quarter. Fourth quarter net earnings from continuing operations were a loss of $13 million or $0.10 per diluted share. Aggregate shipments declined 23% compared to the prior year’s fourth quarter, which reduced our EBITDA approximately $69 million from last year.  Extremely wet weather in the quarter contributed to lower shipments in key markets in the Mid-Atlantic States in and Southeast in the Mid-west and in the Southwest. Ten of the 12 major metropolitan areas served by Vulcan experienced more than twice the number of wet workdays of a year ago. The most notable effects where in Charlotte, Washington DC, Chicago, Atlanta, Birmingham and San Antonio. Additionally, aggregate shipments were negatively affected by the uncertainty regarding the timing and duration of an extension of the Federal highway program, which expired September 30, 2009. Construction activity on stimulus funded highway projects varied widely in 2009 across the country and in certain key Vulcan states stimulus pending lagged the rest of the country. The average unit sales price for aggregates increased 5% in the fourth quarter reflecting price improvement in most of the Vulcan served markets. Markets on the lower end of the range or price increases were California where the average selling price improved 1% and Texas and Florida were pricing declined 1% and 3% respectively. Price improvement from the prior year’s fourth quarter benefited somewhat from a more favorable product mix reflecting proportionally greater levels of aggregates used for highway construction particularly pavement improvement. Our managers continue to mitigate some of the cost pressures caused by these significantly lower volumes. They maintained production efficiency and reduced cash fixed cost, an additional 8% below last year’s fourth quarter. Shipment in asphalt and ready mix concrete declined 12 and 31% respectively from the prior year’s fourth quarter due to the same economic factors affecting aggregates. Fourth quarter segment earnings were lower than the prior year due to lower volumes and to lower material margins in both products. Selling administrative and general expenses in the fourth quarter declined $6 million from the prior year. This year-over-year decline in overhead cost is due primarily to reductions in employee related expenses, which more than offset a year-over-year increase in project cost of $2.6 million related to the replacement of our legacy IT system. Additionally, the current year’s fourth quarter included the expenses of $8.5 million for the fair market value of donated real estate. The prior year’s fourth quarter result included $5.1 million for similar transactions. Excluding the affects of donated real estate SAG expenses declined a 11% versus the prior year’s fourth quarter. The difference between the fair value of the donated real estate and the carrying value which was $7.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 and $5.1 million in the fourth quarter of the prior year are recorded as a gain on sale of property plant and equipment. Employment levels across the company at the end of the fourth quarter are down 11% from the prior year. This reduction in employment across the company is a result of a continued focus on adjusting our production levels and our cost structure to match the weak demand environment as well as to the early effects associated with the rollout of our new shared services IT platform.
 : Full year net earnings were $30 million, while our cash earnings were $369 million from continuing operations and an additional $12 million from discontinued operations. The decrease in aggregate shipment for reduced full year earnings by $334 million. Aggregates pricing increased 3% in 2009 reflecting the attractive fundamentals of our businesses in most of our markets even in this difficult economic environment. Finally, let me highlight our cash generation during 2009. Free cash flow in 2009 was $343 million, a significant increase from the $82 million realized last year. This increase in cash was due to our sharp focus on effectively managing those aspects of cash flow that we can control our inflows. Additionally, we reduced total debt in 2009 by $810 million, reflecting cash generation from augmented by proceeds from the June equity offering. Overall the factors contributing to a challenging outlook for construction activity are principally the continued weakness in private non-residential construction activity and the uncertainties surrounding the timing and the amount of continued funding for the federal multiyear highway program. Highway funds from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act were portioned in the first week of March 2009. Since May, stimulus related funding has increased highway construction awards significantly. For the 12 months ending December 2009, awards for new highway projects in the U.S., were up 7% versus the prior year. Record setting awards from May to August, when contract awards exceeded $6 billion each month, reflected good initial progress by the state transportation agencies and starting shovel ready projects intended to stimulate construction activity and create jobs. As a result during the second half of 2009, aggregate shipments in some Vulcan-served states such as Illinois and Tennessee were relatively stronger than in other states due in part to more rapid spending of stimulus related funding. Other key Vulcan-served states such as Florida, Virginia, California and Georgia lagged other states in awarding and starting stimulus related highway construction in 2009, and as a result aggregate shipments in these states have yet to benefit as much from stimulus funding. The varied spending patterns for stimulus projects in individual states depend on several factors including the number of projects each state have that were shovel ready soon after the funds were appropriated, the types of construction projects that each state has elected to pursue, and the projects are in large urban areas involving metropolitan planning organizations where project planning and execution can be more complicated and time consuming. In the fourth quarter however contract awards were highway constructions in Vulcan-served stage increased 13% from the prior year compared to a 2% increase in other states. We are optimistic by the increased award activity and are encouraged that stimulus related highway projects in Vulcan-served states after a slow start are now moving forward and will benefit demand for our products in 2010. As a result we continue to believe that 2010 will be the biggest year for stimulus related highway construction followed by another solid year in 2011. Overall our 2010 outlook for aggregate shipment reflects a 10 to 15% increase in aggregates going in the highway and other infrastructure related construction activity due primarily to stimulus related funding and assuming that the FY10 budgeted levels for the regular highway spending are approved by congress within the next few weeks. While we have assumed that regular highway funding for highways will remain at an annualized level consistent with FY2009 under safety loop, congress will need to act quickly to restore fiscal year 2010 levels and contract authority prior to the start of construction season this spring. Senate leadership is working to introduce its first jobs bill of this session which in its most recent draft includes restoration of FY10 authorized highway funding at $42 billion as previously budgeted and which provides for an extension of that funding until December 31, 2010. As part of the package, Senate leadership is working with key Republicans on the finance and the Environmental and Public Works Committees to also return some $20 billion to the Highway Trust Fund in the form of interest previously owed to the fund. We are cautiously optimistic that this Bill can pass the Senate. This would be a very important step for the nation on the path to long-term highway funding stability will occur with the ultimate passage of a multi-year highway bill. The Senate has already passed the Jobs Bill in December containing similar provisions as they relate to the Highway Trust Fund. Residential construction activity should increase year-over-year in 2010 albeit from very low levels. Starting in November single-family housing starts broke a sting of 43 consecutive months of year-over-year declines. While this is only two months of data, it is encouraging and coupled with improving affordability numbers which we see across all of our markets declining inventory levels and attractive interest rate levels we believe there is room for some optimism in single-family housing construction in 2010 and beyond. For 2010, we expect aggregate shipments in the residential construction to increase 15 to 20% from 2009 levels. For non-residential buildings we expect construction activity to remain weak in 2010.
 : In Vulcan-served states the declining contract rewards in 2009 was similar to the U.S. as a whole, as a result the year-over-year percentage decline in Vulcan aggregate shipments from non residential construction including both privately financed and publicly financed sources is expected to be down 15% to 20% in 2010. As a result, Vulcan’s total aggregate shipments are expected to be flat to up 5% from 2009 levels due mostly to an increase in aggregates used in highway construction and some improvement in housing. For the full year 2010 we expect aggregate pricing to improve 2% to 3%. Higher aggregate volumes and pricing in 2010 should more than offset a projected 20% increase in cost for diesel fuel. In 2009 our average cost for diesel fuel was $1.94 per gallon.
 : In our asphalt business we expect sales volumes to increase approximately 5% from 2009 levels. Pricing for asphalt mix is expected to increase from 2009 levels, but not enough to offset projected higher prices for liquid asphalt and aggregates. As a result we expect lower materials margins in asphalt when compared with 2009. In concrete, we expect sales volumes to remain flat with the prior year and pricing to decline modestly, reflecting continued weakness in private nonresidential construction. We expect full year SAG expense in 2010 to be slightly lower than 2009 due to continuing cost reduction efforts as well as lower costs related to the replacement of legacy IT systems. As discussed previously, we have a major project underway to implement new integrated systems in processes to replace our legacy IT system. Along with the legacy system replacement, we are also redesigning related administrative support functions to reduce cost and improved service. The project is proceeding as planned. To-date we have successfully installed our new financial systems at the corporate office and in three of our non-operating divisions. Total cost of this project peaked in 2009 as most of the design and development was completed. Implementation will continue into 2010. We expect 2010 to be the final year of significant spending with net expense reductions occurring there after. We expect SAG cost related to the ERP project to be approximately $3 million less in 2010 than it were in 2009. Cash interest expense for the full year expected to be approximately $175 million based on the current level of interest rates and a reduced level of capitalized interests on capital projects. We will continue to tightly manage capital spending and as a result to expect to spend approximately $125 million in 2010 up slightly from the $110 million we spent in 2009 but down sharply from the $353 million in 2008. This continued operations earnings will benefit from a projected $10 million of cash proceeds in 2010 as part of the 5CP earn-out, this earn-out was included as part of the divestiture of our chemicals business several years ago, and will lend in 2012. Finally I would like to provide an update regarding recent permitting activity in the Lake Belt in South Florida. Last week the U.S Army Corps of Engineers issued a record of decision in support of mining in the Lake Belt region. Simultaneously the Corps of Engineers began moving ahead with issuing permits. Vulcan should receive its new permit within the next two weeks. Based on the record of decision, the company expects that its permit will be for a period of 20 years, will cover 940 acres, and will allow mining in excess of 80 million tons of limestone. In closing, I'd like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our aggregates focused business, which has a compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S markets that are expected to experience above average growth and aggregates demand for many years into the future.  The current construction economy is weak but the economic stimulus plan will help drive earnings growth at Vulcan over the next 2 years to 3 years. Our available production capacity and ongoing efforts to improve cash margins position Vulcan to participate efficiently and effectively in the $50 billion to $60 billion of stimulus related construction, including significant remaining portions of the $27 billion for highway and bridges in Vulcan-served states. The key determinant of highway construction spending for years to come is of course the multiyear federal highway program, which represents a substantial growth opportunity for Vulcan. We along with many business, industry and labor groups are urging congress to act promptly to sustain the momentum from the $27.5 billion provided for highways and bridges by the economic stimulus plan. In order to add and save construction jobs in 2010, this broad coalition is currently urging congress for a formal extension of baseline highway funding at FY10 budgeted level of $42 billion, we are also urging congress to do this in time to impact the 2010 construction season. Such legislation will then set the stage later in the year for the development and enactment of the next multi-year surface transportation program.  We are the clear leader in U.S. aggregates industry and well positioned for significant participation in the economic recovery and in public infrastructure programs. We thank you for you interest in Vulcan. Now our operator will give the required instruction, we will be happy to respond to your question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets:  I wanted to ask with regard to volumes in 2010, I know you guys haven’t given quarterly guidance, but your guidance have flat to up 5% given that it seems like most of that improvement is expected to come from stimulus money that is flowing through to your states. Would you expect any improvement in volume would be more skewed than usual to Q2 and Q3? I’m trying to get a gauge in particular, of how you might think the first quarter, bad weather, shutdowns, not a lot of private construction, is going to look versus the fourth quarter even?
Donald James: Well Jack, I think that’s absolutely correct. Highway contracts are not loaded up with a large backlog and they are going to try to do their work in the most favorable weather environment that’s available. And, that’s not - we didn’t see that in the fourth quarter and I don’t expect we’ll see it in the first quarter. So, they will, unlike some prior years, in which they had backlogs and needed to get started early, I don’t expect that to happen this year. So, I think Q2 and Q3 will be the heaviest part of the construction year for us and our customers. And, as you pointed out, the weather in the fourth quarter was awful and it looks like the weather in the first quarter is even going to be worse on a comparable basis. So, I would expect to see that Q2 and Q3 will be major quarters for us in 2010.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: And with regard to pricing guidance up 2% to 3% for 2010, are there markets where you’re going to get a fresh price increase in calendar 2010 where you’ve implemented a price increase and that’s why you expect overall, you’re going to get a modest improvement?
Donald James: I think modest is the right word, but yes. Another factor, which we pointed out is the mix shift as a larger proposition of our work is going into stimulus funded highway projects, those are users of the hardest to make, most expensive aggregate sizes we produce and just that mix shift has a positive impact on the reported average selling price.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: And we forget to -- the fact that the Federal Highway Program has been under a serious of continuing resolutions to this point, have you guys seen disruption in flow of work for, I know we are in winter but contract or customers flow of work that that’s been coming out versus maybe expectations just because the regular highway program as you point out has been a bit disrupted?
Donald James: Well I would say, it’s been more than a bit disrupted and certainly the flow of bid lettings and contract awards has been severely impacted by the exploration of the regular multi-year highway program on September 30, 2009 and the, shall I say distraction of Congress over other matters including in particular healthcare, they have just not got into it. The result is and this period has been worse than prior periods, the funding extensions are only at a level of about $2 billion a month whereas the regular, the budget is for something like $3.6 billion a month, spread equally across the year. So they are two big impacts, number one the amount of money being appropriated has been substantially reduced and there are lot of technical reasons for that all of which would be fixed by the bill now pending in the senate and the one that has have been passed in the house.
 :
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets:  I’ve been calling for other reasons, but I guess I’m calling for that too. SG&A 2010 versus 2009 looks like 2009 you had donated real estate that inflated the reported number, you expect the IT expenses to be down 10 verus 9. For modeling purposes do you think SG&A dollar should be down 2010 versus 2009?
Donald James:  Absolutely.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs:  Can you please talk about your aggregate cost structure heading into 2010, if you hit the low end of your volume and pricing guidance, can you expand your margins in that type of environment?
Donald James: I think the issue is going to be around diesel fuel cost, I mean we’ve got a number in our model which is pretty high. We don't obviously know what the final cost are going to be but in terms of labor productivity, efficiency, cash, cost at our plants all of those things our folks continue to manage aggressively but the real uncertainty about aggregate production cost in 2010 is all about diesel fuel prices.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: So, if you get the two points of price but you're looking forward it doesn't have more than offset the diesel fuel cost or are there were some other --?
Donald James: Yes, if we get a little volume growth and our current outlook is -- it will be flat to up five so if we get low volume growth we get the price improvement. Our cash margins will certainly continue to improve and Jerry this is Don and in addition as we've noted the cash fixed costs have been coming down in almost every quarter but they have not been decline as fast as the volume has declined. I would expect on the uptick likewise that those cash fixed costs will now grow as fast as volume grows going out of this as well. We think that, as we've said to you and others before, we're in great shape with respect to cash margin if we can just get a little bump in volume we will see the results very shortly. It's all about volume for us at this point.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about what kind of price increases are you seeing at ready-mixed customers putting through in areas where you're not vertically innovated. Can I absorb that two to three points of price increases that you're targeting for next year or this year?
Donald James: Well, we haven't said that the 2% to 3% price increase will be to ready-mix customers.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: But I guess there’s a substantial part of the equation where you get --?
Donald James:   We have said our own ready-mix prices are likely to be down in 2010 compared to 2009. I think the focus of price -- overall reported priced improvement for 2010 will be in highway construction markets.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about what kind of price increases you saw in January year-over-year, and now that month is in the books? 
Donald James:   No, and you know I don't need to expand on why I am not telling you that. We just don’t give monthly pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timna Tanners - UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS:  Just wanted to follow up with some of other questions. If we look at the government spending, it sounds like it's going to be critical for 2010. How important do you think it is for a longer term extension to the safety loop -- a successor have a resolution to the highway trust fund? Meaning do we need to have a solution to how we’re going to pay for roads to actually get this extension any longer, I'm wondering.
Daniel Sansone: I think the extension can be fully funded. The extension through 2010, that’s part of the jobs bill that passed the house and its part of pending legislation in the senate -- through 2020 the highway trust fund can be fully funded by credit in the interest that was pulled out of the highway trust fund and used in other portions of government. So that part is okay, I think to actually get a fully funded new six year federal highway bill there will need to be some revenue streams, the existing revenue streams will have to grow as a result of economic recovery and then all likelihood there will need to be some incremental revenue streams dedicated to the highway trust fund. I think that the practical reality isn’t until the economy begins to recover it is very unlikely that congress or the administration is going to advocate any higher fuel tax or other incremental revenue streams in the highway trust fund. That’s why we think getting the extension through the end of 2010 is the important first step and then hopefully beginning later this year perhaps in the fourth quarter the conversation about the next six year bill and funding met bill will become key topic.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Then you talked about, it's really interesting that $2 billion a month is being funded in extension where the budget would be for a higher value. The difference between those two numbers, if I understood you right, what happens to those dollars, are they still being saved somewhere or they go away?
Donald James: Well part of the problem is the recession that occurred with the exploration of the safety loop in September 30 that had an impact on contract authority. So its, there are lot of technicalities but the reality is twofold. One is, without a formal extension the DOTs are sitting and secondly the amount of money currently available for reimbursement to the states is reduced as a result of the - even though it’s in the budget for 2010, because of the technical problems that need to be solved by Congress, that 2010 budgeted number is simply not available to the state DOTs except in a substantially reduced level. So, it is a legislative problem that normally gets fixed. I think healthcare, as I said earlier, has diverted the attention and has obviously polarized Congress. And so, we’re hopeful that this Senate portion of the jobs bill, which they are breaking into individual pieces, we think the piece that will contain the restoration and the correction of the highway trust fund, hopefully, will be the first significant piece of bi-partisan legislation that gets passed. But, the snowstorms in Washington have slowed that activity somewhat. But it’s on the agenda and hopefully, stay tuned over the next two to three weeks and see how that moves.
Timna Tanners - UBS: On the Lake Belt discussion that you had, does it sound like we should be thinking about that as a longer-term story in (asphalt) given the situation in Florida? Can you talk a little bit more about that?
Donald James: Well, as I indicated the core has moved forward with new permits. Some have already been issued, others are being issued even as we speak to the producers in the Lake Belt. We obviously can’t control, what if anything will happen with respect to any new challenge to those permits, but the court did an extraordinarily good job researching the issues, addressing the issues raised in the prior litigation, but that doesn’t mean that there won’t be some further judicial proceedings there. One of the other aspects, one of the things the court did to address some of the concerns raised in the prior litigation was to take larger setbacks between the areas to be mined in the Lake Belt and the Everglades and that has taken some slice of the reserve from the long term Lake Belt mining out of the picture, that law become clearer I think once the remaining permits get issued. But at this point, mining will be able to resume under the new permits in the Lake Belt, as you know it’s been shut down for most of 2009 and we’ll go from there, demand of course remains very weak, so there is not a huge incentive to crank production up to high levels by any of the producers, we don’t believe. But we’ll monitor that, but at this point I would expect as the construction season moves forward we will all see a resumption of production in the Lake Belt quarries.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Finally for me on that goodwill impairment question that people always seem to ask every quarter. Is there anything new to think about there, how you are looking at the Florida rock asset?
Don James: Well we have done our impairment testing and we have concluded that we don’t have any impairment issues for 2010 that of course that process goes on every quarter. But the big impairment testing is as of the end the year and we completed that and I believe there is no impairment. I think one of the things Timna is a recognition that a substantial portion of the Florida Rock aggregates and assets were not in Florida, though while Florida has been extraordinarily weak, Florida was a portion of Florida Rocks assets and operations, but it was certainly very large portion outside of Florida in Georgia, Virginia, Maryland, Alabama. So it’s not all about Florida.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: 
 :
Donald James:  Well, I think reported pricing as we've said in previous quarters is a function of not only prices of individual products in individual markets, it’s also a function of geographic mix shift and a product mix shift. So I think your question is right on point. We were very happy to see our pricing in California be up 1%, which was good news after some periods of declining pricing. California has very good -- in absolute terms pricing for aggregate and that helped.
 : So there was a mix shift in 2009 compare to our historical, there will be a mix shift in 2010 compared to '09 into our historical. And I think the mix shift is moving toward highway construction which is our sweet spot and for companies that are most focused on concrete. It's a tougher environment for pricing as I drive to indicate in our earlier - we have to keep our concrete customers competitive, and so it's market-by-market, product-by-product, customer-by-customer challenge and our guys have done a really good job looking for places where we can still get modest price increases and I think that’s reflected in our numbers in the quarter and for the full year.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: And thinking of your end market breakout, it's obviously shifted a great deal between res, non-res and public since the peak of the market. Looking to 2010, what is your estimation for the breakout of res, non-res and public as percentage of your total revenue?
Donald James:   We have not done a precise attempt at calculating that. I would say generally highways and other public infrastructure will be well north of 50% of our projected in 2010. Housing will move up but from a very low base probably in the mid teens. Private non-res will move down probably in the 20% plus or minus range. Public buildings have certainly much more streak than the private buildings. So that’s a very rough estimate but I would expect that we will see more than our historical average going into publicly funded projects in 2010, which is a positive for us I think.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group:  Great, and turning to one other follow-up question on the impact of pricing, I know there’s been some talk about managing inventories and base inventories and the overall impact on pricing Are you running into any issues and managing overall inventories and no you haven’t said that in prepared comments but it seems to be that you guys are doing a good job on that? Could you talk a little bit about your inventory management, particularly managing that base inventory?
Donald James: Well our guys have been aggressively managing inventory levels for at least the last 18 months and setting up their plants to maximize the production of products that are currently in demand and minimizing the production of the products that are not in strong demand. And the ability to do that from quarry to quarry depends in part on the geologic formation and depends in part on the plant design and construction and it depends in part on the operating expertise of the plant folks, the plant manager and area manger and the people who work in the plants. So it is clear to us that we need to focus our efforts on managing our production processes to maximize the production of what's currently in demand and minimize the production of what's not. At this point we don’t see any material impact on our financial results from the shift in demand but that just hadn’t happened automatically that’s been a result of the hell a lot of focus of people who know how to run plants different ways and I can assure you I'm not very helpful in that regard but thank goodness there are lot of people in our organization who are. Kathryn, the overwriting inventory guidance through out the company has been, if in doubt (inaudible) the facility for cash generation. So, we have at every turn, opted to, wherever possible, not spend the cash to keep the dollars invested and inventory low, even though to put some inventory on the ground would boost short-term GAAP reported earnings.
Donald James: Right, and that’s a real focus. And I want to reiterate what Dan said, and that’s an excellent point. Building excess inventories doesn’t generate cash. It consumes cash. It does help your GAAP earnings, but we’re really focused on cash and we do that historically. But we have really focused on that issue in this downturn.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: And the final question relates to volumes. First, do you see any improvement in volumes in certain markets, certain geographies and how much did weather impact your overall volumes and therefore margins in the previous quarter?
Daniel Sansone: Well, the fourth quarter was terrible from a weather standpoint. I guess it could be worse. But we were really wet for extended periods of time in most of our large key markets as I have indicated. Weather hadn’t improved quarter-to-date in the first quarter. I think in response to Jack Kasprzak’s question, we certainly would expect -- volumes that didn’t get shipped in the fourth quarter, we don’t expect them to get shipped in the first either. So, those will likely - we will hopefully see the results of those beginning in Q2 when a lot of this stimulus work that was slow coming out of the box in a lot of our key states, begins to happen. It is really interesting to look at the level of stimulus spending state-by-state as a percentage of total and look at what happened to our aggregates volumes in those states and two of our strongest markets in the second half of 2009 were Tennessee and Illinois and when you look at the stimulus spending as a percent of the total in those two states, they were among the highest in the country. There were some other northern states like in New England and the upper Mid-West that also had high spend out numbers. But the warm weather states who were, for various and sundry reasons doing different kinds of work or doing more work in cities rather than rural areas, Florida and California in particular but also as we pointed out Georgia and Virginia. The vast majority of their spending is in front of them. So that hold the different spend out patterns is certainly showing up in our markets both plus and minus.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group:
 :
 :
 :
Donald James: Take off my lawyer’s hat, which is old and tired now and probably completely irrelevant put on my practical hat, and I think practically the judge's opinion was taken into account and fully addressed by the core of engineer record of decision. So at this point we think it is the new core permits that's relevant and that the litigation is essentially behind us. So at this point the focus is on the new permits and the issues with the old permits are over.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adam Rodrigo – Wells Fargo
Adam Rodrigo – Wells Fargo:  I was wondering if you could share your thoughts a little bit about how you view the asphalt and concrete and cement businesses right now and in particularly and letting your comments that the margins would be lower, could be lower next year and if I look at it -- looks like the asphalt, concrete gross margin was 6% this year. So it’s not a ton of them for to go much lower. I just wondering if there was -- what the remedy it could be is there point where you just decided to shut down production or really just how you view those businesses?
Donald James:  Well, I think asphalt is a different story than concrete in 2010. I think asphalt markets will be improved. The issue with asphalt is what liquid asphalt prices are going to do. It’s very much the same as diesel fuel and that is - that’s affected so much by the global economy and by demand for co-products. So at this point we’re projecting at least in our outlook we’re projecting much higher or significantly higher liquid asphalt cost in 2010, hopefully that is somehow mitigated during the course of the year but at this point we're looking at a higher numbers. But demand for asphalt is expected to be up, it's just the relationship between the cost of liquid asphalt and our ability to pass that through in pricing and the timing differential between those two areas basically we have to buy liquid asphalt now almost on spot basis and we price our material on a contract basis. And so there is often a lag between out ability to pass through increases and when liquid asphalt falls it improved our margins because we have priced at higher numbers and the actual spot price goes down and so that's really the story on asphalt. Concrete is a - and cement is a function of demand and demand for both of those products are low because private non-risk construction is down. Hopefully, some strength in housing will - in 2010 will help demand for concrete and therefore cement but until we start seeing significant recovery in housing and see a bottoming of private non-risk construction, concrete markets are tough and there's no way around that.
Daniel Sansone:  Let me add one other point that the tail end of your question asked whether or not we would be shutting some of those operations down because of low margins. Let me remind you that virtually every asphalt and concrete operation that we have is tied to a Vulcan aggregate plant and we're selling Vulcan aggregate through those operations. So the decisions to operate or shut down one of those downstream facilities; have to include the impact it has back on our aggregates business. And just to put it in perspective, in 2009 the asphalt and concrete segment numbers had an EBITDA margin of around 14%, but embedded in that is the aggregates that are used to produce that product that we also produced and our aggregate segment had a EBITDA margin of around 38% or 39%. So there’s a significant pull-through of aggregate's profitability tied to those operations. So the decision to operate or shut down a plant is not solely based on the reported margin for asphalt or concrete.
Adam Rodrigo – Wells Fargo: And then just one quick modeling question, can you provide any guidance on tax rate, 2010?
Donald James:   I guess the first guidance I would give you is do not think about it as a percentage because when you get down to the relatively small numbers that we’re reporting right now, and you consider some of the permanent differences that this industry enjoys specifically statutory depletion, thinking about a tax rate in percentage terms is pretty difficult. The way I would advise you to think about it is more in dollar terms. And let me just try to give you a little color, 2009 -- I'll talk here about the full year number not the fourth quarter, we reported a pre-tax loss of $19 million for the full year, and we reported tax benefit of $38 million. The reason for that is that our aggregate business is still profitable and still handsomely profitable, and still generates a significant statutory depletion benefit, which is permanent difference, it's essentially a tax a credit that can be applied back against previous tax payments or carried forward against future tax payments. So we still record that, that was a $20 million benefit that we enjoyed in 2009.  So and then, there was - in 2009 there was about another $5 million of tax benefit that’s ongoing if you will referable to accounting for our foreign operations and another 5 or $6 million of a couple of other items that again are generally ongoing. So what will happen in the future is assuming our aggregate business rebounds, we'll get some incremental margin from that, obviously will generate some incremental tax on that at the normal 38, 39% kind of a rate but we will also get a sizable amount of additional depletion benefit to offset some of that regular tax. So I think the way to model it is, this is kind of roll forward from where we were in 2009 and almost do a line-by-line kind of an estimate of the big components, and the really big components that are going to drive the tax provision in dollars year-over-year will be depletion benefit and tax at the marginal rate kind of offsetting each other. When volume comes back a little bit we'll get back into a more steady state where the tax rate in percentage terms is more meaningful. But right now in percentage terms it doesn’t tell you much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Garik Shmois - Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Just quickly, I know you've provided in the past can you offer the average cost for a liquid asphalt during the quarter?
Donald James: You mean in the fourth quarter?
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: That’s correct.
Donald James: Somewhere in the - little over $400 a ton. Maybe between $400 and $410.
Daniel Sansone: Actually it was just a shade under $400. I’m sorry. You’re right. It was just -- $400 to $410 is the right number.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research:  Okay. So, relatively flat compared to the third quarter if I remember?
Donald James: Right.
Daniel Sansone: Right. And much lower than a year ago. 
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: For modeling purposes, would you anticipate the increase in liquid asphalt to occur also in the second and third quarters as seasonally (Multiple Speakers)?
Donald James: I can't. I’m not that clever to be able to do it. I think for the full year we’re looking at a 20% - 25% increase in liquid asphalt. Hopefully, that won’t occur, but that’s what we’ve got built into our numbers.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Lastly, can you just talk about the impact of diesel on the competitive environment? With your expectations it will be up 20% this year. Would you anticipate that it might price out competitors who have been moving into some of your markets, who had been more willing to travel longer distances because diesel was low in 2009? So you think it could reverse it and make the playing field a little bit --?
Donald James: Well, I think on the margin, it matters. But, it is only on the margin and I think we believe that higher diesel prices, while they increase our cost, also increase our opportunity to get somewhat higher pricing in there, there is a pass through effect and then there is a delivery cost effect. So I think on the margin that may have an impact, but certainly we haven’t built anything into our outlook for 2010 other than the cost impact, we haven’t built any volume or price impact from higher diesel fuel prices in [them].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace - Avondale Partners.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners: Just as a follow-up on the cost side of things. Hoping you can provide some more color on margins, specifically if you look at fourth quarter aggregate decrementals, kind of a market sequential degradation, on a reported basis they went from 40% decrementals to 48%. If you were to just back out the improvement, sequential improvement in pricing you are probably looking at 55% decrementals just in the aggregate piece of the business. So wondering if there is an explanation that you could share, where or some one time items that were kind of hit the quarter or if there is a notable step up, just kind of walk through the puts and takes and similarly going to that same math on the asphalt and concrete side, where you saw something similar?
Donald James: I would say it is hazardous to try to compare Q3 cost to Q4. I think it’s much better to compare Q4 to Q4 because as we have said we not only everything we sell is consumed outside but everything we produce is produced outside and the fourth quarter is a tough production quarter as well as a tough shipment quarter. I think when you -- it’s a much better to look at cost over the course of a year than from quarter-to-quarter or one or certainly when you start comparing first quarters and fourth quarters you can get distortions. Go ahead Dan.
Daniel Sansone:  Maybe try to give you -- come out at a slightly different way. If you look at what we call our variable margin which is difference between average selling price and our variable cost and again the variable cost in our definition is all cash cost. Whether you are looking at the fourth quarter or the full year in comparison to the same periods in 2008, what you see is our variable margin is basically flat. If you go a little deeper into the income statement and look at our cash margin, this is for aggregates -- look at our cash margin for aggregates and the difference there is it’s the selling price less our total cash cost. So you are factoring in now the affect of what we would characterize as cash fixed costs. You see that the -- for the full year we had a 1.5 to 2 percentage point margin shrink and I mentioned earlier the phenomenon is that for the year our unit shipments were down 26% and our cash fixed costs were down about 14%. So you have that leverage, that adverse leverage effect that’s really volume driven that being -- that’s offsetting the full effect of the average pricing increased and then of course if you go down to the gross profit as we reported just now, the big effect on margin there is going to be just much less absorption of the non-cash depreciation expense.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners: Just in terms of the M&A landscape, any update on kind of what you're seeing there in terms of packages coming on the market, any recent transactions that - have anything notable on them and what's your expectation would be for kind of the first half of this year?
Donald James: There seems to be a lot of noise about M&A but almost no deals that are getting close. There is one that I believe is closed, I'll wait on the people involve to announce it if they intent to but. So there's some activity that was not something that we had an interest in it overlapped several of our markets but - and there's a little bit of noise floating around but we don't see a whole lot of transactions that are likely to happen at least in the first half of the year. We have sold one small non-strategic asset and may have one or two others that we will sell. We bought a couple of quarries in 2009 that we're in markets for us. So there’s some activity but it's not big. Now what happens going forward for the full year, I don't know at this point. But I don't see a whole lot of big deals happening.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners: Sure, based on what you have seen or even just chatter, any sense for kind of where multiples are these days?
Donald James: I think for aggregates they remain very high, which is appropriate I think depending on the magnitude of the downstream products and the markets they’re in and that sort of thing, you can get a different EBITDA multiple. But if you look in pure aggregates view, you have an EBITDA multiple for transactions, which is comparable to or better than the trading multiple, public companies that are aggregates focused. So things are not getting cheaper, which would be silly for anybody to sell something that’s got good long term reserves and a good market at a low price. This too will pass.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners: Sure, and then just a last thing on M&A, are you seeing new entrants? And I guess I've heard anecdotes of certainly much of private equity backed companies as well as some individuals, some of whom you probably knew well. Wondering how you could kind of shape the competitive landscape on them?
Donald James: Well, I think probably when it does clears, there will be a couple of acquisitions by private equity funded groups, they’re buying existing facilities. So in that sense it doesn't change the competitive landscape. I would expect private equity funded operations to be very disciplined from the standpoint of pricing and cash flow, which I think on balance, will be helpful. So I don’t see it as a problem, I see it as probably on balance a plus, I don’t think you are seeing private equity funds trying to go out and (inaudible) Greenfield quarries, they are just buying ones that happen to be sale for one reason or another.
Ted Grace - Avondale Partners: I guess I've heard discussion that Bakers are out doing their own thing and is it true they don’t have a non-compete against Vulcan after selling Florida Rock?
Donald James: Well the individual members of the Baker family who do not work for Vulcan, do not have a non-compete, I think that’s correct. We have, we actually sold the Bahamas quarry to a, okay that’s one of the things that’s floating around out there. But I don’t know whether the Bakers had actually bought anything or not at this point, I'm not aware that if they have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.:  On the price in the shift and mix, in the move to more highway construction, so Don, you understand that the shift was more towards the asphalt stone as opposed to base material both of which would be used in building a road, but one of which is more expensive and the other is pretty much non expensive, right?
Donald James: Well, there is a difference in the price because there is a difference in the production costs. There is certainly a difference in the competitive environment with respect to high spec surface mix, lets say, for over (inaudible) highways compared to base material that go under the highways. So yes, that’s (inaudible).
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: So, as you’re looking forward to 2010 and looking at additional highway work from the stimulus as a tailwind on price with regard to the way the mix goes, that would imply that you’re looking for more overlay type stone and not a big increase in base. Is that a reasonable takeaway there?
Donald James: It is to some extent, although, if you look at the projects being built in some of the states that were slow to get started, like Florida, Florida is doing less overlay and more lane additions. And, lane additions use base, whereas overlays don’t. So, there are a lot of variations by project type, by state and where they are in their spending. So, it’s not to say that every project that will be built in 2010 is an overlay project. There will be some other work, some of which will use base. But I think your premise is largely correct that asphalt will be in significantly greater demand relative to other types of material that we produce. 
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: So, say a little bit longer term, not focused on 2010, but I mean are we setting up at some point for a real sort of snap back in terms of days coming back as a larger part of the mix, where we get back to kind of a maybe a more normal highway market, if such a thing can be considered to exist anymore. And when that happens, I mean do you think that has a potential to really be a drag on reported prices?
Donald James: I don’t think so and I’ll refer you back to prior periods in which the economy has come back or the renewal of a multi-year Federal Highway Program which gives the DOTs the opportunity to do bigger projects which use more base as they drill either new lines or new construction. In those markets we get much stronger price increases than we are projected to get in 2010. So while there is a mix shift the overall growth in demand really helps our overall pricing opportunity.
Daniel Sansone: And it helps our production cost as well because it, a normalized product mix of asphalt material, concrete stone and base material becomes more plant production friendly than the environment we are in right now. So it’s easier to set up the plants and you’ll enjoy better productivity.
Donald James: So if you are concerned that a return to normalized highway construction activity will result in declining pricing for Vulcan I believe that concern is misplay.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Okay, and I was sort of going to lead back around the margin question that Dan just answered, which is that, both in terms of productivity that’s going to help, but to what extent do you feel like you have low cost inventory of base loaded in right now. Is it been kind of a perceptible shift downward in your -- in the cost per ton of the base in your inventory at this point?
Donald James:  I don’t think so I mean we’ve been trying to produce less base, but…
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.:  You guys stop capitalizing this cost at a certain point?
Daniel Sansone:  Well, if there is a substantial excessive quantity of one particular size, yeah our procedures well, are such that we will not capitalize those costs, but at the end of the day we as Don mentioned earlier we have not had a dramatic impact on our reported cost to earnings this year as a result of that. And when you are not cost individual sizes separately, so there is, we cost all stone at the same at the same unit value.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: 
 :
Daniel Sansone:  Well, we tend to fund our charitable foundation with contributions of appreciated real estate that is a significant tax benefit to do it that way. I think we had about a $8.5 million of fair market value of real estate contributed to our foundation on the fourth quarter compared to about $5.1 million. I think a year ago. The way that works is that the fair market value of real estate becomes an SAG expense and then the gain between the book value of the donated real estate and the fair market value becomes a gain on sale. So you've got both those things running through there which really essentially offset each other. So there's really not a net gain from those kinds of transactions --
Donald James: If you eliminate, if you skip out the donations that are recorded in the gain on sale line in the fourth quarter of 2009 there is only about $6 million or $7 million of other gains and most of that is represented by a single property sale in one of our divisions, the rest are just miscellaneous items. So I think the point is, you shouldn't look at property gains and subtract those some earnings unless you also subtract the SAG expense associated with that contribution, so it's almost a watch.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.:  There was also some asset sale for sale on the balance sheet on the balance sheet is that same theme?
Donald James: Well, I mentioned we got - we're looking at non-strategic assets and that's one of them.
Operator: I will like to turn the call over to Mr. Don James for closing remarks.
Donald James: Thank you very much for joining us today. I think the message in the fourth quarter and for full year is, markets are weak, Vulcan's management team is focused on doing what we can to generate cash and manage our business effectively and position ourselves to be able to respond very positively when there is some increase in overall demand as we look forward to 2010 that is most likely to come from public infrastructure projects particularly stimulus projects with some kicker for hopefully improvement in housing construction. Private non-res continues to be weak. Overall I think we are well positioned to benefit significantly once we start seeing some overall volume growth. Hopefully we will see that when we report earnings at the end of 2010. But that’s -- the real key to earnings recovery and earnings growth for Vulcan is some recovery in volumes in our markets. We are working hard to both manage our production operations, our sales and marketing strategy and in this climate our government relation's efforts to try to get some stability in federal highway funding. So thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan and your attendance today in this conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and Welcome to the Third Quarter 2009 Vulcan Materials Earnings Conference Call. My name is [Leslie], I will be your coordinator for today's conference. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). At this time I would like to turn the call over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed, sir.
Don James: Good morning, Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss Vulcan's third quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2009. I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials Company. We certainly appreciate your interest in our company and we hope our remarks and our dialog will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer as well as Ron McAbee and Danny Shepherd, our Senior Vice President and our Senior Vice Presidents in our Construction Materials Group. Before I begin let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. I would like to begin my remarks by repeating a statement many of you have heard in prior quarters of this downturn and that is, we continue to enhance our position for significant earnings growth in an economic recovery because our employees continue to run our business in a disciplined and cost efficient manner. Throughout the recession, the company has rationalized production, reduced operating hours, streamlined the work force and effectively managed spending thereby offsetting some of the cost impact related to lower volumes. Since aggregates demand peaked in 2005, sales volumes have declined almost 45% yet our cash earnings today on every turn of aggregate sold is over 48% greater than it was at the year of our peak demand. Looking specifically at the third quarter, net earnings were $54 million or $0.43 per diluted share including $0.38 from continuing operations. Although sales volumes in the third quarter were 19% to 29% lower than the prior year for our key product lines overall growth profit margin was 20.9% matching last year's third quarter. The average freight adjusted unit price for aggregates increased 2.4% in the third quarter reflecting wide variations across our markets. Aggregate shipments declined at 20% compared with the prior years third quarter reducing EBIDTA approximately $69 million from last year. Extremely wet weather in the quarter contributed to lower shipments in key markets in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic states. Our plant managers continue to mitigate some of the cost pressures caused by significantly lower volumes. They maintain production efficiency and reduced cash fixed cost 12% below last years third quarter. Shipments in the asphalt and ready-mixed concrete business declined at 19% and 29% respectively from the prior years third quarter due to the same economic factors affecting aggregates. Third quarter asphalt earnings improved to slight lower volumes due to a decline in the cost for liquid asphalt and a return to more typical unit margins. Selling administrative and general expenses in the third quarter of 2009 increased $4 million from the prior year’s level. The year-over-year increase was due to project cost related to the replacement of our legacy IT system. And cost associated with reducing employment levels. Employment levels across the company at the end of the third quarter are down 19% from a year ago. This reduction and employment across the company is result of a continued focus on adjusting our production levels in our cost structure to match the weak demand environment. Through the first nine months of 2009 construction activity continued to weaken resulting in a 27% decline in our aggregates volume. This volume decline is reduced to EBIDTA approximately $265 million year-to-date more than offsetting the earnings benefit of effective cost management in a disciplined approach to pricing. Despite the earnings effect from lower volumes year-to-date, operating cash flows were $355 million up from $278 million in the prior year. Additionally, by the end of the third quarter, we had reduced our total debt by about $700 million. In summary, our efforts to continue to tightly manage cost and maintain price discipline have offset some of the earnings effect due to lower sales volumes. And we will continue to take the actions necessary to respond to a challenging construction environment. The factors contributing to a challenging outlook for construction activity or principally we continued weakness in private construction both residential and nonresidential, and the uncertainties surrounding the timing and the amount of a new federal multi-year highway program. Year-to-date data for highway construction activity as well as new contract awards have been buoyed by the last months of safety loop and the beginning of stimulus-related funding. As of the end of August, the value of construction put in place for streets and highways in the US was up 3% from the prior year. Awards for new highway project for September were up 5% versus the prior year. Record setting awards from May to August when contract awards exceeded $6 billion each month reflecting good progress made by state transportation agencies and starting shovel ready projects intended to stimulate construction activity and create jobs. Through the end of September the Federal Highway Administration reported a 73% of the $27 billion of funds or portion to the states in March had been obligated for specific projects. Furthermore approximately 4000 stimulus funded projects were under construction across the US involving $11 billion of stimulus funds. Generally these projects are being awarded at levels below engineer's estimates due in part to lower cost of construction inputs such as diesel fuel, liquid asphalt and steel and to a more competitive bid environment. This should benefit the industry as additional projects can now be funded and built. The spending patterns for stimulus projects very greatly depending on several factors, including the number of projects that were shovel ready soon after funds were apportioned, the types of construction in the projects being obligated. And whether the projects are in large urban areas where project planning and execution can be more complicated and time consuming. These factors have contributed to Vulcan-served states generally lagging the rest of the country when it comes to starting construction on stimulus projects. At the end of September Vulcan-served states has spent less than 7% of stimulus funds or portions of them versus 12% for the rest of the country. These spending patterns have affected aggregate demands in Vulcan-served states the same way. In Illinois, for example, by the end of the third quarter payments to contractors for work performed on stimulus related projects reached 27% of the total apportioned to the state easily exceeding US average of 9%. Correspondingly, our shipments in Illinois were much stronger than most of our other markets declining less than 10% from a prior year's third quarter. There is a similar story in Tennessee, payments to contractors at the end of the third quarter were 15% of the total apportioned. And our shipments declined less than 15% despite significant wet weather. Both Illinois and Tennessee have obligated, the majority of their funds for payment improvement type projects which require less planning and time to execute. In contrast, our aggregates volumes in Florida were down approximately 23% excluding the panhandle where stimulus-related projects have been easier to get underway due to project types and to less congestion. A government report issued in September cited that lane additions accounted for 40% of the funds obligated to Florida as compared to the national average of 16%. Generally, these widening projects require more lead time prior to construction. As a result Florida has spent less than 1% of stimulus funds or portion for highways despite having already obligated 73% through the end of the third quarter. The varied pace of progress made by individual states, makes it challenging to predict the overall timing of the demand stimulus funding will provide. I'd say will provide because the stimulus dollars of 100% federal funds with no requirement for states to provide matching funds. Stimulus dollars for highways will get spend, it's just a matter of timing. This varied timing of spending a stimulus funds along with the uncertainty created by the failure of congress to pass an extension of safety eluded by September 30 for the traditional multiyear highway programs. And very wet weather in a number of our markets in October have called significant uncertainty in our outlook for highway construction activity in the fourth quarter. Despite this challenging construction demand environment, we believe the cost management actions we have taken along with our disciplined approach of pricing and the improved liquidity and financial flexibility we have achieved will enable us to participate fully in the economic recovery. Plant operating cost and overhead expenses were being tightly managed, we continued to adjust our cost structure to match the weak demand environment. As we have throughout this downturn, we continue to manage controllable cost aggressively and the focus on cash margins and cash earnings. Additionally we expect higher selling prices were aggregates in 2009 to partially offset the earnings effect of lower volumes. Through the first nine months of this year, aggregate pricing is up approximately 3% and we do not expect the rest of the year to deviate much from those results. We still expect full-year SAG expense to be lower in 2009 as the earnings effect of our culture induction efforts more than offset cost related to the replacement of legacy IT systems. As discussed previously, we have a major project underway to implement new integrated systems in processes to replace our legacy systems. Along with the legacy system replacement, we are also redesigning related administrative support functions to reduce cost and improve service. After a thorough project design and implementation planning stage, the Vulcan team is now focused on rolling implementation at our business units over the next two years or so. During the third quarter, we installed our new system at the cooperate office and in the first of our non-operating divisions. The most significant spending will occur in 2009 and 2010 with net expense reductions occurring thereafter. We expect $10 million of additional SAG cost related to this project in 2009 as compared to 2008, $6.5 million of which has already been expensed through the end of the third quarter. As I said the project is proceeding as planned. Total cost of this project will peak in 2009 as design and development work is completed and implementation will continue in 2010. Interest expense for the full year is expected to be approximately $175 million both based on the current level of interest rates. And finally we now expect capital spending to be about a $140 million in 2009. In closing, I'd like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan this confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our aggregates focus business which has the compelling advantage of great locations in majoring US markets that are expected to experience above average growth and aggregates demand for years into the future. The current economy is weak but the economic stimulus plan will help drive earnings growth at Vulcan over the next several quarters. Approximately $50 billion to $60 billion of stimulus related construction project has been identified that could use our products including the $27 billion for highways we talked about. The key determinant of highway construction spending for years to come is of course the multiyear federal highway built which represents a substantial growth opportunity for Vulcan. Given the failure of Congress in late September and again in October to pass a fully funded extension of safety loop, the timing and amount of transportation construction activity from the regular multiyear federal highway program is uncertain. Unemployment and the construction industry was 17.1% at the end of September compared to 9.8% general economy. Construction industry unemployment is higher than any other industry in the United States. The delay in dealing with the next multiyear highway bill can only add to unemployment in the construction industry. Unfortunately, the focus of leadership in both houses and the administration is currently on other priorities. The pressure of very and rising unemployment in the construction industry is a message Congress needs to hear and to feel. We along with many businesses, industry, and labor Groups are urging Congress to act promptly to sustain momentum, started by the 27 billion provided for highways and bridges, with the economic stimulus plan by dealing efficiently with the next multi-year Surface Transportation program. We are the clear leader in the US aggregates industry, and are well positioned for significant participation in the economic recovery, and then increase public infrastructure program. We certainly thank you again for your interest in Vulcan. Now as our operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with UBS. Please proceed.
Timna Tanners: Was wondering if you could please give us some more color on what you are seeing state wise with regard to the state budgets, and specifically the outlook that you might be seeing a little further out for those states. I guess California, Florida, and Texas mostly.
Don James: I think the news is very good in both California and Texas at the state level, both have initiated large infrastructure programs, state funded infrastructure programs. Illinois certainly is doing the same thing, in all cases I think they are being financed in part at least by bond issues, but those have been underway. Florida has the governor, Florida has talked about from time-to-time, state level infrastructure programs in Florida as an employment boost for the construction industry, that is not yet turned into a formal program, but we are encouraged I think by what's happening in several key states. Overall of course state tax revenues are weak, there is no question about that. However, many of our key states, seen to be very focused on providing additional incremental funding for public infrastructure projects including highways, as it remains to shore up their local economies and build something that’s going to be add to economic efficiency for the long-term.
Timna Tanners: Okay. Great. Either you give a fourth quarter guidance or just a little more quantifiable I mean I get the sense of what you are saying in terms of price, but I kind of miss the volume side. Also on 2010 I know you have talked about that in the past, do you have any more detail on the outlook that you can provide?
Don James: For the fourth quarter the combination of the fact that it is the fourth quarter that we don’t have a viable expansion of the multi-year federal highway bill, that the stimulus spending is [spoty] and in our state is behind the rest of the country for the reason that I tried to outline, trying to quantify the fourth quarter volume is re-concluded the range that we would have to give you to be comfortable with it would be virtually meaningless, and we decided that you guys could estimate that as well as we could. So you know that’s the reason you don’t have an explicit fourth quarter volume guidance it all depends on weather and whether the stimulus projects go begin to move in '09 or carry over to '10, and obviously there is no bright use on non-res construction. Residential construction we see improving in 2010, whether there is any improvement in the fourth quarter is speculation at this point. As we look at 2010 to get to the second part of your question. We think residential will improve, its coming off a very low base. We think private non-res, particularly retail has got some more pain, if we get an extension, a workable extension of the multi-year highway bill or even more optimistically were we able to get the multiyear bill in time for the 2010 construction season, it would be very positive. The stimulus projects 2010 will be a very big year for stimulus projects. So there are different pieces moving in different directions, but without being able to quantify it, I think we are cautiously optimistic for some volume growth and earnings growth in 2010. If you look back at long-term highway construction or public infrastructure construction activity in US, it is a very stable upward growth, there are a few slight dips and if you look at the timing of those dips, they correspond to the limbo that has inevitably occurred in the re-authorization of the six year highway bills. So there is a dip in contract awards and [ultimate] construction put in place and then strong recovery, even though the overall trend is very stable, the little dips occurred by every five or six years depending on the timing of the highway bill. And I think we are obviously seeing that same thing today. So, '010 outlook and public infrastructure and highways will be a larger share of our total shipments in 2010, than certainly they have been in the recent past. But we think we'll get the stimulus spending and if we get some resolution of the multiyear highway bill, we'll get a hopefully a boost from that. If we don’t get that, then there is a lot of uncertainty as to certainly the first part of 2010.
Timna Tanners: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak with BB&T. Please proceed.
Jack Kasprzak: Thanks, good morning Don. I was just going to ask on the subject of public works construction. You have the stimulus issue which you guys have done I think a good job of outlining what you are seeing and kind of have the moneys flowing through the pipeline or at least not flowing through as the case may be but, in the last few months with the highway bill expiring and more uncertainty over what's going to happen with the new bill. Have you basically just seen states continue to pull back in effects so the net impact of the stimulus is just far more muted than in otherwise would have been?
Don James: I think that’s generally correct. The timing of the stimulus I think is understandable and the relationship of states that have spent a fair proportion of that to our aggregate shipments is pretty tight correlation there and in states that hadn’t spent it you don’t see it in states that have begun to spend it like Illinois and Texas, you do see it showing up in our shipments. So, that’s moving along, I think it is the uncertainty about the particular highway bill, that is causing some states perhaps many states some being more vocal than others to say, Hey we can’t go out with new contract awards until the visibility of funding is clear. And we are on hold or other vendor roll out that the stimulus project. We have some wonderful allies in this fight. You may know about a group called Building America's Future that’s headed by Ed Rendell or Governor of Pennsylvania, Arnold Schwarzenegger the Governor of California, and Michael Bloomberg, the Mayor of New York who are pushing Congress to get on with it. In a press release we saw the last day or two Governor Rendell is quoted as saying to Senator Dick Durbin from Illinois that you know let's go, let's go, let's move and let's get this thing going we need to do it now and lets front load the highway trust volume and gets projects out because we are losing jobs faster than we are creating or saving them. I note with some degree of optimism whether it will happen or not that for the first time Senator Reid is actually talking about scheduling over time for the formal extension of the federal highway bill that’s been the problem, they have gotten down to the end of the exploration periods and tried to do things by unanimous consent, and given the range of politics in the Senate and in particular its hard to get a 100 senators to sign on because you have got a few on the far right who don’t want to spend any money and you have got a few on the far left who don’t want to build roads, and but there is a huge block in the center of both Houses that is strongly in favor of a new robust highway bill, the problem is with the other priorities that have gone own in congress getting to the floor to get a vote has not happened. And so with people like Governor Rendell who is a democrat, Governor Schwarzenegger who us a republican and Mayor Bloomberg who is in the middle I guess. There are some significant voices trying to make the same case that we and our trade associations and organized labor are trying to make is, get it done and in the words in Governor lets go, lets move, we are loosing jobs by this partisan bickering that’s really focused on the extremes on both ends of the political spectrum. So I have vented my frustration, sorry.
Jack Kasprzak: No, I think a lot of us probably share that frustration. I was going to ask you about pricing, you guys mentioned in the West they were down and Florida they were down, other markets still up but from here, how can we be confident that aggregates pricing in general will come under additional pressure given that, obviously commercial construction weakens from here, the uncertainty what is today in uncertain situation over the highway bill other than just that aggregates prices have never gone down in the past.
Don James: Well, I can't give you absolute confidence because it’s a competitive market and we work very hard to, as I've said in my script, be disciplined about pricing. Clearly, Florida and California are under the most pressure, prices there are down are sort of mid-single digits compared to last year other parts of the country, other divisions which are multi state operations. The pricing there ranges from 10% year-over-year some in the 5%, 6% and 7% increase, some in the 2% to 3% increase. So it’s a different story for market-to-market and I think part of what's happening is the markets where the stimulus money both highways and other forms of stimulus like core engineering work where that’s rolling out, you see better pricing than Florida where the stimulus money basically not a dollar of it is were spent through September 30. So a little bit of backlog and a little bit visibility of demand in the future will certainly help with pricing but when I have said I felt the fourth quarter pricing would probably remain consistent with the year-to-date pricing that’s just because what's in the pipeline.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
John Baugh: Good morning, I was following up on the SAFETEA-LU extension issue and I am curious as to whether there is anyway for you all. October is in the books to look at the incoming rate of state projects in the month of October, which I think is the first month from month-to-month extension versus September or August when we were under the deal bill still can you quantify in other words any impact that you are seeing from this limbo space?
Don James: I can't put any kind of precise percentages or dollars on it directionally. We know that at September 30 without a workable extension of the highway bill, many states became very cautious and highway contractors became very cautious so if you have some stimulus work in your backlog trying to do it in cold wet weather at higher cost versus letting it roll over to the spring construction season becomes a more attractive option when you don’t see the visibility of any work coming behind it from the new multiyear highway bill or an extension of that. So I think a point we are trying to make here is that the delay in the highway bill is pushing demand into 2010 not only for projects that would be funded by the multiyear highway bill but also perhaps some of the stimulus projects will get into 2010 unless we have just very good weather in the fourth quarter which we haven’t had in October as you know if you followed the range particularly in this part of the country.
John Baugh: And you have mentioned the [book readers] has talked about scheduling full time.
Don James: And that’s real time. We are monitoring this on an hour-by-hour, because it's important.
John Baugh: Yeah. Did he mention a date or a time or…?
Don James: He said this week.
John Baugh: This week, okay. We'll stay tuned. Thank you very much.
Don James: Well, I think that’s an important point that watch the status of this federal highway bill because it will certainly influence long-term demand but it will own the margin influence near-term demand as well through just sort of the psychological aspects of visibility of feature demand.
John Baugh: But, Don, what's realistically the best that we can expect out of this and we are not expecting to get a six year bill I don’t think until last…
Don James: No, I don’t think this. The current continuing resolution last through December the 18. If Congress actually does a formal extension and there is without bugging you down into mind-numbing detail about the recession numbers including that back in the bill and all of that. If we get a formal extension, whether its six months or whatever time period between now and December the 18, then it will be retroactive and it will provide the state DOTs, therefore with not only more visibility but also an absolute higher level of funding and contract authority. And so that’s where the positive kick comes in. Who knows, but as I try to say in my remarks, the pressure of unemployment will be a factor here as well as just the large consensus in both houses of Congress who are strongly in favor of the robust surface transportation program both highways and transit. And its just a matter of getting it in front of them, and like you point out, its probably going to be another relatively short-term extension but if we solve all of the recession issues in this extension then it will greatly enhance the ability of the states to go ahead and put projects out for bid.
John Baugh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mike Betts: I had three questions, two of which probably very short answers probably the longer one is if I could just return to this pricing issue and ask when you were talking about the mid-single digits declined in Florida and California, is any of that mix or is that your estimates have underlying and may be you could talk a bit more about what's causing it and whether I think there was some appeal in the Lake Belt that was due to the result in October? Did that get postponed again where are we with that?
Don James: Okay. Let me start with the latter and the Lake Belt case was argued in the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th circuit which sits in Atlanta or headquartered in Atlanta, at late last month, late October. It is now within the jurisdiction of the court, the appeals court to affirm or overrule or modify the lower court ruling which is you know has basically stopped mining in the Lake Belt. The second track is that the army core of the engineers is past I think its stated day before issuing the new manning permits, which would be different than the permits the old permits that are under attack and other subject of the litigation. So the things to watch will be the new army core permit and the ultimate ruling of the [appeal] of court, some people have suggested that if the core issues new permits then the existing litigation becomes moved and we may never get a that opinion of the 11th circuit. I think when you get out of the legal technicalities and look at the reality that this is likely to still be an issue months from now, in one form or another, either on the permitting side or with the Federal court, but at this point that’s where we are, we are waiting on the core for new permit and we are waiting on the court of appeals for a decision. Pricing in Florida and California, they are both down in the 4% to 5% range, some of that is mix some is absolute price levels on some products, some is result our pricing guidance is freight adjusted. So, if we happen to move materials longer distances then that higher freight cost will be a adjustment down more than our reported price adjusted prices. But, so it’s a combination of a lot of factors, but competition is significant in those markets because volumes there have been hit hardest, longest primarily related to the drop in residential construction and now related to particularly to retail. But there is as we said earlier in the call, there is a lot of public infrastructure rolling out in all of those in California and Florida very little of it has appeared so far some in California almost none in Florida and Innovation California has got its own state level infrastructure program. So, infrastructure is taking up the slack from the private sector construction, but both of those states are certainly subject to the issues with the six year highway bill, because they are huge recipients of those dollars, California being the largest recipient not only of stimulus dollars, but also of six year highway dollars and Florida is third out of the fifty states. So, I think you need to watch what happens with infrastructure spending and its potential impact on price and volume in those markets as well as all of our others.
Mike Betts: Okay, thanks for that. Don just one follow-up, the cement companies are talking about maybe trying to delay any price increase in 2010, that’s the mid year when they hope that volumes maybe picking up. Is there any talk of the aggregates industry doing the same?
Don James: Our pricing as you know is job specific, market specific and we will price each jobs separately and when we report to you it’s a roll up of a lot of different pricing decisions and not some generalized across the board price increase or aggregate.
Mike Betts: Okay. Thank you for that. And then two very quick questions hopefully for Dan. Dan just could you on the tax situation I am sure you probably will explain a much pretty clearly in the or more detail in 10-Q, but when we are looking at the fourth quarter I mean what sort of, I know it’s a very small court, but what sort of tax are we going to see a credit I guess for year should we assume that credit is pretty similar to what it is after nine months?
Dan Sansone: That’s correct. That’s the way to think about it.
Mike Betts: Okay. Thank you for that and then the last question from me. In the P&L, Dan the other income line which was positive? Was there anything specific in there the 2.756?
Dan Sansone: Yeah, there were two transactions. One was wept over from the divestiture of some of the assets that were required in the Florida Rock transaction on one of those divestitures there was a dispute with the purchaser over certain issues that dispute was resolved to our favor that was about $3 million of the year-over-year increase and then we had a with the Florida Rock acquisition, we acquired a very small co-handling business up on the Mississippi river and we sold that operation as well and had a $2 million and $2.5 million gain on that. So, there is just a couple of small things. Everything else excludes of those two items is small items in the ordinary course of business.
Mike Betts: Thanks great thank you very much to both of you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. You noted in the quarter-end release that you under produced demand in the quarter is this something that we can expect going forward and how should we think about that and part and parcel with that question, do you have any target inventory reduction goals over the next 6 months to 12 months.
Don James: Kathryn our goal is to match our production and inventory levels to demand. We are obviously from a GAAP standpoint, when we are producing inventory and building inventory it is more positive to GAAP earnings, but less positive to cash earnings. So as I proud to say, we believe that you manage your business for cash and not so much for GAAP earnings. The point I think is that when we start seeing demand recovering, we will be in a position to start producing heavily which will certainly improve our GAAP earnings. So we aren’t. we don’t have an artificial inventory level, because and I know you all are sick of hearing me say this, it is very it is a quarry-by-quarry, product-by-product decision as to put inventories we need and need to produce and not produce. And so if I said here and talked to our division Presidents and Senior Vice Presidents and said I want everybody to reduce inventories by 7.3% in the quarter, they would all think I had lost my mind because I would have. So, it is a function of management at the division and local level to say we need this many turns of Asphalt stone over the next X number of months, and we don’t need anymore base. And so they are adjusting their operating hours, their plant setup in order to achieve that and with the exercise of what I think is very good judgment with the combination of the sales and operating people working together on a plant-by-plant basis, the inventory reduction you see is a rollup of 100s of individual decisions and they all know what, this is not news to our sales and operations group, this is something that we do all the time, its just now with demand being as weak as it has been. We are, the net effect of this is that we are reducing inventory rather than building it at this point. Hopefully as we see some more visibility of these projects in 2010, we'll start producing at higher rates than we are shipping in the short-term and we'll see the benefit of that in our GAAP earnings, but that’s the process which is probably not terribly helpful to you all who are building models and need to deal with the overall inventory levels, but it’s a lot of different decisions.
Kathryn Thompson: Sure that makes sense. And just to summarize you're all managing around the base inventory which understandably is built somewhat because of the type of mix of projects stimulus. With that said with any recovery of demand in volumes, its going to be just another boost to GAAP earnings?
Don James: Yes. Absolutely, absolutely and you did the math in your models but large strongest earnings performance is when we are learning hard and building inventories. From a cash standpoint, we aren’t doing that just to boost GAAP earnings, we are looking for those longer term cash management and cash earnings management.
Kathryn Thompson: Great. And then I was wondering if you can give a little bit more color on overall volume trends by regions since the quarter end, just relatively speaking no specific. What do you see overall from the trend basis regionally?
Don James: Well, I think as I try to point out the extremes on both ends or where stimulus dollars have been flowing and where stimulus dollars have not been flowing. And as I indicated in our remarks we are down on both ends but we are relatively stronger in the states where the stimulus dollars have started flowing and we are relatively weaker in the states where they have not. But overall I think I am mildly encouraged by the following statistics which has at least a couple of explanations. Our volumes in Q1 were down about 30%, our volumes in Q2 were down about 30%, our volumes in Q3 are down 20% now. Should we be feeling good, by the fact that our volumes are only down 20%? No, but I think it is some obviously the comparisons are getting easier which is part of it as we started down pretty hard last year and the second half after the whole Lehman Brothers and the collapse of the credit markets. But clearly we think we have bottomed out in the housing market. And there is upside, they are private [non-res] as I've said particularly retail as more pain to go and the rail plan, and things like railroad ballast is good, blue gas stone is good but those are relatively small percentages of our total shipments. The thing that is going to drive demand is going to be, for the next 12 months at least in addition to some recovery in housing which is coming off a low base is going to be public infrastructure. The stimulus dollars are going to be spend so that’s not a mystery the real question is are we going to get some resolution of the multiyear federal highway bill that allows DOTs to move forward with their planned construction projects and that’s really the most important factor right now and longer term demand.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay great and just a final question to clarify that much of your res and non-res public standing historically, your public spending has been about 50% of your in market sales. I would imagine in today's market that’s closer, its approaching 60% I wanted to see if do you agree with that assessment and could you see that number, maintaining or even going higher into fiscal '10?
Don James: I think it will go higher in fiscal '10 or calendar '10 for us.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay.
Don James: Clearly it's increasing, it's probably been 5% to 10% shift year-to-date from the private to public funding, we are publicly funded projects. Historically, we are in the 52% to 53% range over relatively long period of time. The private side spiked up in 2004, 2005. We'll see a spike in 2010. In the public side I can't tell you whether that’s going to be 60% at this point or not but it's certainly moving in that direction.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Garik Shmois: Couple of questions. First one is, if you could talk about transportation costs and what we have seen, of course there is a natural competitive barrier given that aggregates are expensive to ship longer distances but with such grown demand outside the stimulus. Can you talk about how you anticipate your transportation costs to change with stimulus projects meaning are you looking to ship longer distances to win incremental volumes?
Don James: I think, point one is that in the vast majority of our markets. We aren’t doing the transportation, our customers do it but that doesn’t mean it is not a significant element of delivered cost as you know. We do provide, we have ships that we move material from our off shore quarries to the US. We have an extensive fleet of rail cars and rail distribution and we have boats and barges that move on the inland waterways. Plus or minus 15% of our volume moves through these longer term transportation things where most of which we do provide the transportation. But the other 85% most of that is transportation is handled by truck by our customers. That being said I think in this environment you would be correct that people are willing to move material longer distances in order to compete for projects. We have seen some customers that have historically bought aggregate from us because we are the most cost efficient source given transportation cost in order to keep their own plans busy or hauling aggregate much longer distances to supply their own downstream plans asphalt and concrete as opposed to buying it from us. And that sort of go in back and forth. Anecdotally, we hear that once they realized what the started seeing the impact of these higher transportation cost on their P&L, sometimes are coming back. So there is a lot of things moving around but clearly the length of distance is people are willing to move material is greater today than it was at the time when demand was much stronger.
Garik Shmois: Okay thanks and just one more question, I know we are going towards the end of the call, can you Don provide average cost for liquid asphalt during the quarter?
Don James: I think we paid about a little over $400 a ton, may be $405, $406 or something in that range and that’s a blend of a lot of different prices, in a lot of different markets from a lot of different sources so its I think our average is about $406 for the quarter.
Garik Shmois: Okay and the trend that you are seeing as you move through the quarter and may be after the quarter, and liquid asphalt is staying pretty steady?
Don James: Its been steady through the quarter and around just by a couple of bucks and that compares to about 673 in third quarter of last year so when we say that we have made more money on lower volumes in asphalt a part of it is the input cost liquid asphalt.
Operator: And out next question comes from the line of Keith Johnson with Morgan Keegan.
Keith Johnson: Just one quick question on the pricing, I appreciate the information you are going to give us on the available color on the ranges you are seeing in the market either down 5 or up in some markets? We go back three months ago kind of mid summer coming through the early part of the summer, what kind of ranges we think then and just trying to give an idea of how much they may have lined or may not have lined as we worked away at the end of the year.
Don James: Since mid-summer. I don’t think you would see any material difference in those ranges.
Keith Johnson: And that was as well if California and Florida down about 5% as we were year-over-year kind of mid summer?
Don James: Right, on a mix adjusted basis that be about right.
Keith Johnson: Okay. That’s really all I had. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace with Avondale Partners. Please proceed.
Ted Grace: Hey Don. Would you be willing to take a stab at weather impact on 3Q volumes and maybe a further more take a stab at how weather is impacting 4Q volumes today? Would you be wanting to quantify that or try to quantify?
Don James: No. So the question was weather impact on Q3 and quarter today Q4?
Ted Grace: Yeah, I mean you've talked a lot about how weather was and you can look at all the data know but any willingness to take a stab at what that?
Don James: The problem in a weak demand environment, its really, we count rain days and wet days and we monitor shipments on wet days and we know that shipments are much, much, much lower on wet days and days following substantial rainfalls, and they are in better weather. So, the fact that there is a correlation of shipments to rain days and of course there are rain days particularly in the Southeast and Mid Atlantic states every year, but I don’t believe we have ever seen a September or October like the ones we have had in this part of the world and I think you are unnatural so, you know what you we are talking about.
Ted Grace: We are feeling.
Don James: Yeah. Flooding all sorts of things, but at the end of the day overall demand is weak and so but I don’t have a reliable way to tell you I guess we could go back and say the normal number of rain days in Nashville for example is in a month would be six and this year we have had 15 or 18 and therefore shipments, but to get into that count of detail is there is a lot of speculation and I think from our standpoint we know it hurts, we can see it on a daily shipping basis. Sometimes you make it up in the quarter, sometimes you don’t. So, it's just hard and sometimes it shifts volumes from one quarter to another. It rarely extinguishes the volume, it just moves it. Whatever volume is out there is determined by the economy and the publicly funded infrastructure and weather is just a timing issue.
Ted Grace: Okay. So coming out at it little differently and without quantifying it, how much of that volume would you expect to get captured in the fourth quarter? That’s only you have seen a lot of reports that states are trying to sustain their construction kind of beyond the normal seasonality and assuming it was [trend] in weather is it reasonable to assume that you are going to at least lose capture a substantial amount of that volume in the fourth quarter that we lost in the third quarter?
Don James: Ted, it all depends on the whether if we have a warm October and a warm December like we have in some year, we’ll capture some of it. If the sun shining today and its beautiful and I am sure people are on construction jobs, but directionally whether we capture some of the delayed shipments from bad weather will be determined on what the weather is over the next two months and, I don’t have a clue.
Ted Grace: Okay. And my next question would follow on Jack's question on kind of public spending and if you look at the numbers at [asphalt] it would suggest that at the end of September there is about $8 billion of remaining authorized contract authority outstanding. We probably had $2.8 billion in October, which is net of the recession and another $4.2 billion that’s through at the December 18th, timeframe so well we appreciate that states don’t have great visibility on the next highway bill. The fact of the matter is they probably have the better of $15 billion, plus or minus that has been authorized which would equate when you factor on seasonality probably six plus months of activity so why do you think in light of that locked in funding, states are reluctant to spend?
Don James: I will paraphrase to you the statements made by the director of the Alabama DLT owned, on or about October the 1st which appeared on front page of the Birmingham News saying that, and as you know the way highway funding works you’ve got contract authority, but at the end of the day if you build something if the state builds something and spends its money has got to be reimbursed by the Federal highway administration, and given the other issues with cash flows in state budgets, DLT directors are very cautious about going ahead even though they have got contract authority. And spending the money now and applying for reimbursement, if they aren’t sure that there is going to be enough money in the Highway Trust Fund to reimburse them promptly when they submit the bill. That is the psychological problem with what's going on right now with multiyear highway bill is that, one can make the kind of analysis you have made which at the end of the day maybe rational. The last thing a DLT Director wants to do is have to walk into the Governors office and say, whops we've over spent and there is no money in the Highway Trust Fund reimburses at this time. So, there is a big psychological factor that runs through those periods when we don’t have a multiyear highway authorization and we don’t even have a viable extension of the multiyear. So, I think it’s a challenge to one of those two things gets resolved.
Ted Grace: Okay. Well, that’s very helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please proceed.
Trey Grooms: Good morning, Don. Couple of quick questions on, well, one on Asphalt and concrete. So, the margins looks like they look like they are stabilizing in coming this 8% to 9% range. Is this a level that we could expect over the near-term? And then, also if we do see demand improve in 2010, or when it does improve, where can do you see these margins going once we do get some demand return?
Don James: As you know that you look while our the cost of liquid asphalt is down, our average selling price per tonne of asphalt mix is also down, but our margin per tonne is up having recovered back to more normalized levels. So, that’s the way to think about the asphalt mix business, is the movement and selling price of mix, input cost of liquid asphalt and so what we have done is to move from very depressed margins when liquid asphalts spiked up to get back to more normalized margins. If demand and certainly our overall earnings in asphalt will respond very nicely to recovery and demand from the infrastructure and infrastructure is obviously a much larger component as the demand for asphalt than it is for concrete. So, we will certainly see asphalt shipments respond very directly to the highway piece of public infrastructure, both the stimulus as well as the normal highway program. And margins will fluctuate around, it depends on what happen to liquid asphalt, if we get in a period in which we have got growing demand for asphalt mix and stable or declining liquid asphalt prices, that margin we have had periods in which we have had very, very robust margins. So the answer is yes it is the margin per tonne is better with higher volumes just because we can spread our fixed cost and we are more efficient on the production side but the margin per ton, while that’s influenced by total demand is also heavily influenced by the cost for liquid asphalt.
Trey Grooms: The demand part of it is more, I was trying to get out and I know you have talked about incremental margin on aggregates as demand returns, I am just trying to get a feel for that and understanding movements in liquid asphalt that you can control.
Don James: I would say there is a lot more upside in our margin recovery with volume in aggregates and off course we run our own aggregates at market prices through our asphalts so whenever we sell a ton of asphalt we have just sold about 0.95 tonnes of aggregates at market price. So we get the benefit of that so the double effect. But we have got tremendous leverage on aggregate volume of which I think is far greater than our leverage owned asphalt volume with assuming a constant liquid asphalt price. But the beauty of the asphalt again and is that we get the leverage of the aggregates is running through that plus some incremental leverage just on the asphalt business itself.
Trey Grooms: Since we are kind of on this subject to volume and I know there is a lot of uncertainty going into 2010 which is understandable but the stimulus seems to be kind of the most certain things that you guys have going into 2010 at this point.
Don James: Absolutely
Trey Grooms: And you guys in the past have kind of taken a stab at what you thought what stimulus kind of related volume could look like? So where we stand right now and kind of what's flowed through in '09 and what could have been delayed going into 2010? Can you kind of give us an update on what your thoughts are as far as stimulus related volume and how that could look in '10?
Don James: I think given where many or most of our states are in the timing of stimulus spending through September 30, we are probably behind where we thought we would be, but marginally. A lot depends on whether some of these projects can really get going in the remainder of the fourth quarter and as I've said earlier that’s very heavily weather dependant. I expect 2010 is going to be a by far the largest year of the stimulus spending because of the carry over of some of the '09 plus just the timing that states are required to do in 2010 as well as some hide us in other federally funded highway projects certainly in the near-term. We initially said, I think 35 to 45 million tonnes from the total stimulus including highways and the other infrastructure. We are seeing some of that other infrastructure going primarily core of engineered work but most of that other public infrastructure which is 30, 32 billion, 33 billion is probably going to be longer coming out second half of '010 into '011 may be some even in early '12. The highway will go faster. I guess if there is an upside to volume in '010 from what we have previously indicated it would be a deferral from '09 and it would be the fact that many of these projects are coming in at 15 plus or minus percent below the engineering estimates which means there often would be more projects bid out of the same package of stimulus money and there may be more aggregate purchased. Our aggregate price as we have said is up about 3% whereas liquid asphalt is way down, diesel is down, steel is down, so we hopefully will get a larger, slightly larger share of the total stimulus dollars today than we thought we would get back when it was originally passed to put our number on that at this point I can’t do, Trey.
Trey Grooms: All right. That’s still helpful. One question on price, you said California and Florida down 4% to 5%. Are those if I heard you right, those are the worst hit markets you really don’t have any of that are down anymore than that at this point?
Don James: That’s correct.
Trey Grooms: Okay. And then on upside though you said that there are some markets with pricing up 10%, some 7% can you talk a little bit about more about those markets better seeing relative strength and what markets are those specifically?
Don James: Well, the Gulf Coast is been strong, remain strong. Some of the mid in South Atlantic states are strong so
Trey Grooms: Not much timing that’s basically what you have been seeing I guess.
Don James: Yeah I mean there is not a whole lot of change here in pricing, it’s the places where pricing has been relatively stronger, remained relatively stronger, the places where its been relatively weak, that it’s the pricing issues for example in Florida and California aren’t new they have been there all year. They continue, and the flip side the places we have had good pricing continue. So there is not really a story here in Q3 about relatively price changes. Does that makes any sense?
Trey Grooms: Sure absolutely and then just to touch. And this is my last questions, just to touch on the cement business just for a second and looks like you made a little bit of money there in the quarter, despite pricing begin down? Can you talk about what you have got going on there I mean what's behind that improvement? And then also give us an update on the new Newberry plant expansion?
Don James: We will have the expansion completed and in service fully in the first quarter. We will probably run that plant on a what we will call a campaign basis and instead of as you know if you follow large continuous process plants often times what you do is run them hard and then you take them down for a maintenance outage and you bring in a whole bunch of outside contractors and they work 24x7 and your cost goes spiraling up and you get it fixed and you bring it back online. The addition of the second line will allow us to do our maintenance work with our internal employees, so we can do it far less expensively and hopefully far more efficiently and manage our cost structure that way until there is enough recovery and demand to go back to the normal operating mode, we of course wouldn’t be able to do that without the second line. At some point, we are continuing to look for what our best strategy is for our cement business in terms of markets that we can reasonably serve and what we need to be doing there. And that process continues certainly we are not satisfied as you could well imagine with our cement business at this point, but it’s a function of really weak market demand right now. The issue with your second question about cement was pricing or?
Trey Grooms: No, initially just asked you, pricing was down in the quarter, I was really just asking more on you guys made a little bit of money in that business in the quarter, despite the fact that pricing was down, whereas last several quarters you have lost money in that business. So, I wondering…
Don James: Well, probably the biggest change, Trey, is the energy cost. Coal is down or other energy cost are down, so that’s really, its our energy cost input and a very healthy focus on managing our controllable cost at the plant, but if you had to identify the largest single component of the earnings improvement it’ll be lower energy cost.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Thanks, Don. That’s all I have got.
Operator: That concludes our call. I will like to turn the call over to Don for closing remarks.
Don James: Well, thank you very much for being with us today. These are tough times, those of my colleagues who have been in this industry for a very long time, repeatedly say they have never anything like this in terms of the volume drop, I reiterate my appreciation to our employees for working very hard to make the best of a difficult situation. And I think our numbers reflect that they are doing a very good job, as we have said number of times before a little volume recovery in our business is going to go a long way. The chief issue for us is to identify and to the extent we have some ability to influence that volume recovery. We are actively pursuing that. Thank you we look forward to talking with you again and at conclusion of 2009 in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation you may now disconnect and everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2009 Vulcan Materials Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janaida, and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are on listen-only mode. We will conduct the question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed, sir.
Donald M. James: Good morning and thank you for joining this conference call to discuss our second quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2009. I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan and we hope our remarks and dialog will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I begin let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Descriptions of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Let me begin my prepared remarks by saying I believe our management teams are running their businesses well in an extremely tough economic environment. The challenges presented by the extraordinary weakness in the economy generally and in the private construction sector specifically have provided opportunities for us to position the company well for the eventual economic recovery. The difficult, but necessary cost management actions we have taken to date along with our disciplined approach to pricing will enable us to generate solid cash flows in 2009 and participate fully in the overall economic recovery. For the first six months of 2009, our operating cash flows were 169 million, up from 134 million in the prior year. In addition, our completed equity offering and the related dividend reduction have strengthened our balance sheet, realigned our capital structure and improved our financial flexibility. Our second quarter net earnings were 22 million or $0.20 per diluted share including earnings from continuing operations of $0.14 per diluted share. Aggregate shipments declined 31% compared with the prior year second quarter, reducing EBITDA of approximately 112 million from last year. In the second quarter, the average freight adjusted units sales priced for aggregates increased 3% from the prior year second quarter reflecting wide variations across markets. In many markets, we realized price improvement from the prior year well above the 3% average, while markets in California and Florida reported year-over-year declines in average selling prices of approximately 5% on a comparable basis with the prior year. Our plant managers continued to mitigate some of the cost pressures caused by significantly lower volumes. As a result of their actions they reduced cash fixed cost 17% from the prior year second quarter. These cost control measures demonstrate the greater production flexibility of an aggregates plant that's contrasted with continuous process manufacturing facility used in many other industries. In the second quarter, the average unit cost for diesel fuel decreased 54% from the prior year and increased operating earnings approximately 23 million. Asphalt and ready-mixed concrete volumes declined to 30 and 35% respectively from the prior year second quarter due to the same economic factors affecting aggregates. Second quarter asphalt earnings improved from the prior year despite lower volumes, due to improved selling prices and a decline in the average cost for liquid asphalt. Concrete earnings in the second quarter were lower due mostly to the earnings impact of lower sales volumes. Selling, administrative and general expenses in the second quarter of 2009 decreased 5 million from the prior year's level. Employment levels across the company are down 14% from the prior year. These cost reductions mostly offset 4 million of project costs related to the replacement of legacy IT systems and the related consolidation of certain administrative support functions. In summary, our efforts in the second quarter to continue to tightly manage cost and maintain price discipline were affected. Excluding the earnings effect of lower aggregates volumes and the 74 million pre-tax gain referable to last year's sale of assets, EBITDA on the second quarter for all other elements with the company compared favorably with prior year. We are updating our outlook for the full year to reflect lower demand for aggregate from private non-residential and private infrastructure construction. Our lower expectations result from analysis of various macro level data including leading indicators such as publish contract awards reported in the past two months for new private construction projects in the US. Specifically published contract awards in May and June for private non-residential buildings and private infrastructure in Vulcan-served states were significantly weaker than expected. Contract awards for private non-residential projects in the second quarter declined 63% from the prior year led by sharp declines in stores and office board. A year ago these two categories comprised over 50% of total square footage awarded for all non-residential buildings in the second quarter. In the current year second quarter they accounted for approximately one-third of the total while manufacturing, institutional and public buildings accounted for the rest. Contract awards for private infrastructure, principally utility related projects declined 81% in the second quarter from the prior year and 71% from the first quarter in Vulcan-served states. In contrast the value of US contract awards for highways, our most significant and used market increased significantly from the prior year second quarter due in large part to a record 6.8 billion of contracts awarded in June which followed 6 billion awarded in May. This level of awards in June represented the largest single month for contract awards in history. Vulcan served markets accounted for 4 billion or 59% of the June total. We believe this record level of contracts awarded for highway construction reflects a good progress made by State Transportation Departments as they obligate, advertise and then bid stimulus funded transportation projects. Our outlook for stimulus related demand remains unchanged for the second half of 2009 and beyond. We expect bid activity to remain at elevated levels versus historical trends as State Transportation agencies worked diligently to turn obligated Stimulus funds into actual construction activity. In fact, Federal Highway Administration recently reported that 64 % of the 26.8 billion of stimulus related Highway funds has been obligated by the states as of mid July indicating risk bidding activity during the second half of 2009. Reports indicate that approximately 70 % of the funds obligated will be directed toward aggregates intensive uses like highway paving, including improvements widening and lane additions. The key determinant of highway construction spending for years to come is of course the six year Federal Highway Bill which represents a substantial growth opportunity for Vulcan. Last week the House and Senate approved $7 billion cash infusion for the Highway Trust Fund to keep it soluble through September 2009 the expiration of the current highway bills safety loop. The house transportation and infrastructure committee released a draft of this new multi-year bill in June 22nd. The bill calls for 450 billion of funding for highways and public transportation infrastructure improvements in the six year period 2010 to 2015; an increase of more than 57% over the current wall. The house bill also provides an additional 50 billion for high speed rail projects, for a total transportation bill of 500 billion. The Senate leadership and the administration had suggested an 18 month extension at an annual funding level of 41 billion. The highest annual funding level in the history of federal highway bills. Of course the spending on Stimulus project will be in addition to this 41 billion. After the August recess, key members of the US House will be working out differences with the senate leaders and the administration regarding timing for a multi-year bill and a likely extension of funding levels until the new multi-year bill is passed. We along with many business and industry groups are urging Congress to act promptly to sustain momentum started by the 27 billion provided for highways and bridges with the economic Stimulus plan. States were at the heart of the Federal Stimulus plans intend to create and sustain jobs by investing Stimulus funds into infrastructure projects and by utilizing the more than 400 billion in State aid, provided by the federal government. Illinois, a critical hub for transportation in the US is an example of state leadership stepping up to invest in jobs and infrastructure. In mid July, Governor Quinn signed into law a series of bills calling for a 32 billion dollar infrastructure and building program over the next five years. The largest in the State's history and the first such program in over 10 years. Overall we expect that further weakness in private construction in the second half of 2009 will be offset somewhat by highway construction activity primarily related to economic stimulus projects. As a result we expect full year 2009 aggregate shipments to decline 21 to 24% from 2008 levels, inclusive of shipments referable to the economic Stimulus plan. We expect average selling prices of aggregates to increase 3 to 4% in 2009 and to help offset the earnings effect of lower volumes. Our outlook continues to be for increased earnings in 2009 from our asphalt and concrete segment, in spite of significantly lower volumes compared to 2008. This growth in segment earnings is due to a recovery in material margins in our asphalt business where higher selling prices reflect the prior year's increase in cost for liquid asphalt and internally supplied aggregates. We expect full year SAG expense to be slightly lower in 2009 as the effects of our cost reduction efforts more than offset cost related to the replacement of our legacy IT systems. The IT projects implementation schedule and total costs are proceeding as planned. Total cost for this project will peak in 2009 as implementation begins this week. Along with legacy system replacement, we are also redesigning related administrative support functions to reduce cost and improve service. After a thorough project design and implementation planning phase, the Vulcan team is now focused on rolling implementation at our business units beginning -- that will roll out over the next two years or so beginning this week. We expect to incur additional incremental cost this year and in 2010, but should start to see cost reduction benefits thereafter. Incrementally, we expect 8 million of SAG cost related to the ERP project in 2009 as compared to 2008. Interest expense in 2009 is excepted to be approximately 175 million based on the current level of interest rates. We now expect our effective tax rate to be 6.4% for the full year, due primarily to the relative benefit from statutory depletion allowances. As a result we now except second half earnings of $0.60 to $0.85 per diluted share including $0.55 to $0.80 from continuing operations. In the second half of 2008, earnings were $0.63 per share, excluding the non-cash charge for impairment of goodwill allocated to the cement segment. Full year earnings are expected to be $0.51 to $0.76 cents per diluted share, including $0.40 to $0.65 from continuing operations. Our plants and equipment are in very good condition. Reinvestment in these assets over the last few years has increased production efficiency and capacity and reduced the average age of our rolling equipment. As a result, we now expect capital spending to be approximately 175 million, down sharply from 2008. In early June, we improved our liquidity through a successful public offering. Net proceeds of 520 million from the offering were used to reduce short-term bank borrowings. As a result of these actions, total debt to total capital at the end of the second quarter was 33%, down from 50% at the end of 2008. And only modestly above our stated long-term target of 35 to 40%. In closing I'd like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to continue strengthening our aggregates focus business, which has the compelling advantage of great locations in major US markets that are expected to experience above average growth and aggregates demand for many years into the future. The current economy is weak, but the economic Stimulus plan will help drive earnings growth at Vulcan over the next few years as a result of 50 to 60 billion of infrastructure related construction funding and it's role in creating momentum to fund highway programs and support highway construction, beginning in the second half of 2009. We're the clear leader in the US aggregates industry and are well positioned for a significant participation in the economic recovery. Again, let me thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now our operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Jason Brown: Good morning this is Jason Brown on for Chris.
Donald James: Hey Jason.
Jason Brown: My question is on the non-residential decline that you are seeing now and how that progressed through second quarter. In your volume shift, did you see a hard stop or was it a steady decline through the quarter. And then on a sequential basis how much deterioration do you see going into the second half of the year?
Donald James: Well, the data I gave had to do with macro contract awards and they started dropping sharply in May and June compared to a year ago. So the impact of that will be felt in the second half and then well in 2010. As that is concentrated in stores and office buildings, from our sales organization, there are a lot more projects out there that are being financed and I think there are two things working here; one is there's clearly a reduction in demand for stores and office buildings but even where there is an apparent demand, getting financing for those projects in the current climate is extraordinarily difficult. And the combination of those two things, I think has caused the sharp drop in contract awards which will be felt for at least the next 12 months or so. Until that rolls over, private non-risk is going to be the last of our demand segments to recover. Highways and public infrastructure will be doing very well, there's even a glimmer in housing, but private non-res is the area that's gotten weakest most recently and will probably remain the weakest longest.
Jason Brown: Okay and then to kind of further break that down, I know at least in the census numbers, it shows that the manufacturing part of that non-residential piece has stayed up more than I would have thought so far. Can you give a little color as to what's driving that and if there is any risk of seeing that market fall?
Donald James: Well if you look at construction put in place numbers you see that institutional buildings and manufacturing have remained relatively strong when you look at the contract awards, you see that buildings and stores have dropped from 50% of the total a year ago to 33%, which means manufacturing and institutional buildings are relatively stronger. The manufacturing tends to be long -- long lay up the contracts for example the ThyssenKrupp steel plant in Mobile, the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga are  facilities that are continuing with construction, the question becomes how many other significant manufacturing projects are behind them. The data we gave on contract awards of course includes all forms of private non-res and private infrastructure construction which would include those. So I don't think you should double count the downturn there, but there is significant weakness.
Jason Brown: Okay that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Garik Shmois: Hi good morning gentlemen.
Donald James: Good morning.
Garik Shmois: Just first off, could you breakout your volume guidance that you've updated this morning by end market, meaning what you're expecting now for 2009 for housing, non-res and infrastructure demand?
Donald James: Yes. Let me get my colleagues to give me the specific data on that and I will give that to you, for the second half specifically about the end market guidance. Okay, they aim to do a little calculation here, that second half but I'll have it for you in a second.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Let me move on to my another question then.
Donald James: Okay.
Garik Shmois: Just on the stimulus projects that you're seeing come through, can you talk a little bit about the pricing on aggregates that you're seeing, I understand that's early on but just the pricing in terms on the stimulus projects up for bid?
Donald James: Yeah. I think there is a great deal of confusion I think about aggregates pricing on stimulus projects given the total bids compared to the estimates that are coming in and let me give you some examples. If you look at the California stimulus projects that were bid as of mid-July of this year, there have been 54 projects awarded and on an average there have been 24% below engineering estimates. In Tennessee there have been six project recently awarded, they came in 23% below engineering estimates. Various other states have been anywhere from the teens up to almost 50% below engineering estimates. But what's going on is if you look at the percentage change in prices for construction materials and services, diesel fuel is down 55%, steel is down over 40%, liquid asphalt is down 16.5%, aggregates are up 5%. So aggregates are not where -- are not the basis of the significant drop in actual bids over engineering estimates. It's in diesel fuel as liquid asphalts and steel primarily. And I think that says that aggregate prices going into the Stimulus projects are bearing sort of the same level of price increase in the 3 to 4% range that we and others in the industry are reporting. Let me go back to your first question, for 2009, in our markets aggregate demand for highways, we expect to be down 3% or infrastructure both public and private down about 10%. For single family housing down 41%, for multi family down 35%, for offices and hotels down 36%, stores and warehouses down 40%, manufacturing down 14, other private buildings down 15, public buildings down 4. So those are the end markets for '09 in Vulcan served and this is a roll up of all of the Counties we served State by State, that's the basic projection for 2009 aggregates volumes.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thank you for detail there. Just real quick switching gears a little bit on your cost structure. Just wondering how much incremental demand when market conditions turn around and can you absorb before having to increase the cost structure of the company?
Donald James: We on a pro forma basis combine Vulcan and Florida Rock. We were producing almost 300 million tones of aggregates in the 2006, 2005-2006 era. We can go back to that level of production, in fact we can go higher than that level of production without adding any capacity. We will obliviously as we grow volume, will tend to spend more on capital than we're currently spending, but not add capacity but simply to maintain the efficiency in plants. So the bottom line is that we can add tremendous incremental volume in the range of 40 to 45%, yes that's the drop, so going the other way it's probably 19% of volume increase without adding capacity. So we have a lot of upside on our earnings and cash flow from incremental volume.
Daniel Sansone: And we have indicated previously that incremental tonnage added to the existing base of business should probably generate 60% incremental contribution margins dropping to the bottom line. And I think that's an illustration of the underlying attractiveness and profitability of the industry and the business as it stands today. And embedded in that we would certainly add back some of the cash fixed costs that have come out of the cost structure during this down turn as we've mothballed plants and cut back operating rates and reduced shifts, so there will be some fixed cost add back but it will be insignificant relative to the variable contribution margin of the additional tonnage.
Donald James: Okay. We've seen about 13 quarters of declining volume, our projection through year end will probably take it to about 15 quarters. We, as I've said in my prepared remarks have done a lot of really good things on our cost structure and certainly we believe we're well poised to see substantial up in earnings with a little bit of recovery and volume and hopefully we will see that beginning in 2010. If you analyze our second half projections, we actually have the possibility based on our current outlook of exceeding last year's second half earnings in 2009, which would be a welcome change from the trend over the last three years or so.
Garik Shmois: Certainly, and just last question Dan, in the guidance for the year the EPS guidance, just to be clear what tax rate are you assuming, is it the effect of tax that you've outlined.
Daniel Sansone: Yes that's correct
Daniel Sansone: So 6.4%.
Donald James: 6.4% that's right
Garik Shmois: Okay thanks. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please proceed.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you very much.
Donald James: Good morning, Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson: Good morning how you are doing? First question was on, just on pricing side from mid-volume, are you still seeing negative price trends in California and Florida and to that end how much has product mix played in pricing differences by region?
Donald James: We are seeing price pressure in California and Florida. Those as I've said before are two of our highest priced markets and two markets that have seen well above average price appreciation during the up portion of the cycle. So, some of that is certainly being moderated. I don't see that trend in California and Florida continuing beyond 2010. I think some stability in demand coming from the stimulus money given the terrific shortage of reserves in both of those states ought to stabilize pricing. But at this point certainly in the second quarter, we saw pricing down in those markets and there is a geographic shift in demand that has a significant impact on our overall announced price increases, I think ours were about -- we announced 3% in the press release; they're about 3.3% overall. Some markets got substantially greater price increases obviously if we offset the about 5% decline in the two states of California and Florida. There is more geographic mix shift in the second quarter than product mix shift in the metrics I had given you the thing that we are looking forward to Kathryn is the demand in those two states in the second half of '09 and end of 2010, is going to come from highways and other public infrastructure, which are to be beneficial to pricing private non-res and housing of course are as weak in those two states as they are anywhere else are weaker than as they're anywhere else in the country other than maybe some of the industrial States in the upper mid-west. But we -- a little bit of recovery in demand in Florida and California will have a significant effect on pricing in those two states as well as the average reported prices that we will have we believe in going forward certainly beginning in 2010.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great, moving to guidance could you give additional color on how much stimulus dollars play into your fiscal '09 guidance? And in your opinion, what percentage of the Stimulus dollars for infrastructure related projects will flow in 2009 versus 2010?
Donald James: Okay. We have tried to be cautious in projecting much of the stimulus effect in 2009 because so much of it has to do with the timing of when our customers mobilize and then certainly as we go into the latter part of the third quarter and the fourth quarter what happens to weather. Our projection was that the Stimulus dollars would result in about 35 to 45 million tons of aggregates for Vulcan. We have about 10% of that built into our '09 projection and the large portion would be in 2010 and 2011, with some carry over into 2012. That's on the highway piece. On the other stimulus construction which would be largely water sewer projects. Those are going to come along slower, more slowly and probably that's a '010 and '011 continuing in the '012 phenomenon probably with maybe a six to nine month lag on the roll out of the highway work just simply because the contracting agencies aren't as well-developed and efficient as the State DOT's are.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great that's very helpful. And finally just looking at your guidance from June 10, and the guidance you gave today. What in the market caused you to lower your volume and price expectations and given if we're heading into the back half for the year, you think that this is sufficient for the year and you are -- look I know you've commented some on 2010, but you can provide additional color into 2010 about your overall volume and pricing trends? Thank you.
Donald James: Well, the principle thing Kathryn that has changed our volume outlook for full year '09 including the second half of '09 is the macro contract award data for stores and office buildings and private infrastructure. Those as I have indicated in my prepared remarks, the contract awards for those that came in for the months of May and June were sharply lower than we had projected part of that in hind site is that some of the projects that were in the pipeline didn't get financed and as a result no contracts were awarded. That's part of the issue, another part of the issue on the private infrastructure side which I have said in my prepared remarks has to do a lot with utility projects with the uncertainty in Washington on the energy bill about what form of the energy projects are going to be viable going forward. Private utility companies are certainly not building any coal plants, they are certainly not adding to their coal plants and there is uncertainty about natural gas. So, I think what we're seeing is a end demand from -- commercial and industrial demand for electricity is certainly down across the country, so there's not a whole lot of current need to add capacity. But once I think that energy bill gets settled and there is some need to add capacity to replace our coal plants that may not be viable going forward because of environmental reasons, we will see that return to normalized levels, energy demand in the US is not going to go down as we go forward. The capacity additions and replacements will have to be put in place. What we're seeing I believe there's a temporary height that's waiting on the out come of carbon tax and whatever else might be in the final energy bill.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay and final just a housekeeping question. Could you remind me what your percentage of fixed versus variable cost is for the company as a whole?
Daniel Sansone: For aggregate Kathryn and that's always the best way to think about it.
Kathryn Thompson: Sure.
Daniel Sansone: Deprecation is running somewhere around the high teens as a percentage of the total cost of producing a ton of aggregates and our cash fixed costs are probably another 10 percentage points on top of that.
Donald James: As volume recovers, that split shifts a bit. Fixed as a percent of the total drops and variable goes up. So we're absorbing all of our deprecation charge which we do on a period basis on a much lower volume. So as that volume recovers, the fixed cost piece gets spread
Kathryn Thompson: Okay great, that's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Daniel Sansone: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc. Please proceed.
Trey Grooms: Good morning
Daniel Sansone: Hey Craig
Trey Grooms: Couple of quick questions. One, with the price pressure you've seen in California and Florida, 5% year-over-year so, is most of this pressure coming from kind of smaller independents or is it the larger players in the market, or is it widespread. Could you give us a little detail on that?
Daniel Sansone: I think it is more from smaller producers or let me say, privately owned producers. There are a lot of different items running through that, but by and large there is price pressure coming from some public companies that apparently need cash flow -- current cash flow. So there's little bit of pressure there and there is probably smaller privately owned operators who decide it’s better to get a little volume and not worry about the price is also a source of price pressure.
Trey Grooms: Okay. And then do you think in these couple of markets here I know you said you don't expect it to go to 2010 the price pressure -- to go through 2010 with the hopeful uptick in volume and so forth. But do you think that we could see additional pressure as '09 progresses, I mean so could down 5% turn into down 10% in these markets or do you think that we've kind of hit up a spot where we could continue to stay for the remainder of the year?
Donald James: Well. It's hard to predict what others are going to do about pricing in fact its impossible to predict
Trey Grooms: Sure.
Donald James: I think what we see happening though is that as the demand driver in these markets is coming from Federal Highway Projects, the ability of small independent producers to produce DOT spec material in quantities is limited. And as demand is focused on federal projects, our ability to serve those markets at higher prices or at recovering prices I should say ought to be better, because our relative competitive advantage in being able to serve those projects with large quantities of in spec material on a timely basis, that's our real strength. And so the upcoming demand in Florida and California plays to our strength, whereas in housing, in contrast that is where our relative strength is because producing aggregates that goes into housing construction is not nearly as difficult with tough specifications as several highway projects. So I think we're seeing Vulcan's sweet spot among the various demand sectors is our weak spot has been in the past. And as we look forward, we think that will help not only with our volume but also with our pricing in those two markets.
Trey Grooms: Okay and we spend some time on the call talking about these California and Florida weakness, but there's obviously markets that are out performing the average. Can you talk a little bit about those with this in regards to price?
Donald James: Well the Gulf Coast has been an area of strength for us. The Mid Atlantic states have been an area of relative strength for us. And even the Middle America has been an area of relative price strength. The markets that have been the hottest in the past with the largest percentage price increases i.e., California Florida have been ones that have adjusted the most. Other markets that were more stable in their growth trends have certainly remained more stable in their pricing trends.
Trey Grooms: Okay. And just one final question. You guys – hit kind of high level I guess on 2010, but you haven't really come out specifically and reiterated I guess the guidance that you guys gave or kind of expectation for volume being up about 15% and pricing up about 6 to 7%, is that still kind of what you guys are expecting and kind of how we should be thinking about 2010 at least from where we look at it today?
Donald James: Trey, our current view is that we need better visibility and more information about 2010 price and volume, before we either reiterate our prior guidance or give new guidance. We're going to be looking at that and we'll give our OTN updated guidance probably in our fourth quarter conference call as we have done historically. There are a lot of moving parts here, the timing of the stimulus spending. The depth of the private non-res and probably the level of recovery in housing that many are predicting for 2010, but at this point, we are going to reserve our specific 2010 guidance to probably early 2010.
Trey Grooms: Okay Don, that's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paul Betz: Hi actually this is Paul Betz for Jack. Is the Florida and California market still about 40% of your business?
Daniel Sansone: Probably in revenue 36 to 37, 38% something like that. That includes all product lines it's less than that for aggregates.
Paul Betz: Okay. And I am sorry I can't find my notes. An update on the Lake Belt ruling, was that resolved and I know you said you were still shipping some product there, are you guys still doing that?
Donald James: We're shipping, we're not mining, we are processing and shipping some material from our quarry in Miami. Nobody is mining any of the Lake Belt quarries at this point. The issue is on appeal to the United States court of appeals for the 11th circuit in Atlanta. I think it is scheduled for argument in October of this year. Also of relevance is the core of engineers permitting process which is probably not going to be concluded until sometime after the 11th circuit case is argued. Whether the core releases its new permit situation before or after the ruling by the 11th circuit is certainly unknown at this point. So, in summary, there has been no change in the last month or so in the status of the Lake Belt. But most producers had stock piles of either finished product or raw material on the ground at the time of the last injunction of mining. Those stock piles are being depleted, they're certainly not yet depleted, but at some point, there will be a resolution to this, I can't tell you when it will be. Certainly we are focused on moving material into Florida from Mexico and from our quarries in Georgia and Alabama by rail. In addition to looking forward to hopefully with some recovery in demand in Florida in the near term increasing our output from our Florida aggregate operations.
Paul Betz: Okay. Do you have a guesstimate of when your stock piles could be depleted?
Donald James: Every producer is in a little different situation. Some are probably very close to depletion, others have several months of supply on the ground, we're somewhere in the middle.
Daniel Sansone: And the added complexity is that several of the producers also have modest quantities of reserves that are zoned and permitted pursuant to a different permitting regime that is not subject to the Lake Belt restrictions. Not large quantities but that's going to allow various producers Vulcan included to continue to mine at a modest levels for some period of time upon the exhaustion of the existing stock piles.
Donald James: Right that's a good point. When I said all the producers in the Lake Belt were shutdown I meant all producers who operated pursuant to the Lake Belt permit. And as Dan correctly stated we have some reserves in Miami outside of that and of course our reserves over in Fort Meyers are in a different permit.
Paul Betz: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Davenport. Please proceed.
Todd Vencil: Hey guys most of my questions have been answered. One question though, when you're facing this price competition in certain Florida and Western markets, I mean how are you guys responding? What's sort of the arithmetic and the tax course bonds (ph) that you guys have decided to take?
Donald James: Well our strategy Todd, is if we have to respond to price pressure in order to keep our customers competitive in the market, then we will do that. We are not believers in cutting price to chase volume or cutting price to go after other customers that don't make economic sense for us to be serving. So when we say, we try to exercise price discipline it is first and foremost to keep our customers competitive. But also to realize that particularly in Florida and California everybody has got very limited reserves and so to cut price, let’s say for the second half of '09 when we know that there's a lot of work coming, a lot of work is being bid, a lot of work has been bid and chewing up very limited reserves at low prices when we can sell those same reserves at higher prices in the next couple of three years just doesn't make a lot of sense from a long-term standpoint. So that's where we come from. And at the end of the day if we cut price, our competitors are going to cut price and by the time the sun sets, everybody's price has gone down and everybody's volume will go back to being the same percentage and so we're not into that except as we have to be to meet competition of which there is plenty.
Todd Vencil: Understood. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mike Betts with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Betts: Yes, good morning.
Donald James: Hi.
Daniel Sansone: Hi.
Michael Betts: Hi guys. I got two to three questions may be I could just start with the financial one to Dan. I think you said that the interest cost was expected to be 575 million this year that's kind of about double what it was in the first half. But obviously you've had the 520 million raise. Can you just explain what's happened there? Is it -- you've taken out more longer term debt or what's behind that please?
Daniel Sansone: As we -- what we've done with the proceeds from the equity offering, Mike the 520 million went through reduced short term borrowing which was a combination to bank debt and commercial paper. All of that borrowing was costing us something in the neighborhood of 75 basis points to 80 basis points. So, that's really the magnitude of the interest reductions that we would see in the second half of the year. I haven't actually parsed the data first half versus second half. We kind of rolled the -- we rolled up to get to that 175 million by looking at the full year numbers and I will back into that and try to give you a better answer for the second half, but I think the real point is the while the equity offering did a lot to reduce the total debt, because the -- on the margin the debt that was retired through the equity offering was very, very inexpensive debt, you are not seeing a dramatic movement in the total interest expense
Michael Betts: Okay. Understood. My second question sorry, another financial one. I am just trying to understand this tax situation a little bit better and I guess I mean two ways to look at it, but what I'm trying to find out is what sort of level of profitability you need to get back up to before you are likely to paying sort of a more normal tax rate again. I mean I guess I'm not totally understanding why it's dropped much between Q1 and Q2 in terms of the expectation. Is it always declining in operating profits, or is something else happened here?
Daniel Sansone: There is lot of moving parts to tax equation, Mike but I'm going to focus on the one that is the most significant and influences these kind of strange movements the greatest. And that's the effect of statutory depletion which is a unique feature to the US tax code that applies to mining operations and it allows you to take a tax deduction based on a percentage of the revenues for activities that are tied to mining. So our aggregates operations generate a depletion deduction. Every time you sell rock in overly simplified terms, 5% of the average selling price of that rock subject to a few adjustments, generates a depletion deduction which then reduces the amount of tax liabilities. As our earnings have declined, our earnings in product lines that do not generate statutory depletion have declined more dramatically than have our aggregates earnings. Specifically, the earnings from our concrete operations, ready-mix concrete and our cement have dropped more than our aggregates earnings have dropped. So we're still generating a fairly hefty amount of statutory depletion that lowers your tax liability and lowers your effective tax rate. So that's really the working dynamic and so we're sitting here today with looking at a full year rate of 6.4% and embedded in that is over $20 million of deduction for statutory depletion. That's really what tend to influence our rate movements more than almost anything else and what will happen as we come out of this downturn as we generate more earnings from ready mix concrete and asphalt and cement, and I have to really qualify cement a little bit because you do get depletion on the input for your cement plans but its relatively small compared to our total. But as earnings recover in concrete for example, that will be packed essentially at a full rate without any depletion benefit. Thus when that happens, you will see our average effective tax rate for the company begin to rise again.
Donald James: And Mike, one of the things that is happening here is of course under the accounting rules as I relate to taxes including FIN-48, every quarter we have to adjust our effective tax rate to get it to what the projected rate is for the full year, there is no smoothing there. I guess the accounting profession believes that helps shareholders and analyst understand our business better. But the reality is the second quarter and the third quarter of every year, tax rates are going to bounce around like ping pong balls unless there is absolutely no variability in earnings projections from the beginning of the year to the end of the year which is not reality in this market. So how do you go from a 38% tax rate in the second quarter to 6.4% in the third and fourth quarter is a product of modern accounting. It has nothing to do with the way taxes are actually obligated, I think to the government, but anyway.
Daniel Sansone: Mike let me come back to your interest question. My quick calculations were our interest expense in the second half is projected to be down about a million dollars from what it was in the first half. If you do a quick calculation of the interest savings referable to the reduction in long-term debt, excuse me short-term debt by the equity offering that's under 2 million bucks, I'd say basically it's just within the, the areas of the estimates.
Michael Betts: Okay that's fine. Just before we move off the tax can you give us any guidance on what we should assume for 2010 as the tax rate?
Daniel Sansone: No. If you know, tell me. I mean that's going to be a by product of so many other inputs Mike it would be almost a steal (ph) to try to guess that until we've all the other product line projections firmed up.
Donald James: We'll certainly give that to you after the fourth quarter but it will be wrong.
Michael Betts: And then a final question if I could which is more sort of business related and it relates to Florida, we were at a presentation here in Europe last week with one of the central European companies. He was talking about aggregate projects in Florida, that it doubled after the first Lake Belt closure and then he was talking about and having dropped by a third. I mean are those kind of numbers that you recognize at all? They don't seem to tally with the sort of price declines that you're talking about. And then also in Florida, Don maybe you could talk a little bit about the 50% decline in cement. Is that because you've consciously given up some market share on pricing, I mean I only see the state wide numbers, but they didn't see be quite that bad but obviously you are in kind of any one location so maybe a little bit color on that if you could please?
Donald James: Well on aggregate pricing I don't have access to the presentation that you saw or heard. But pricing in South Florida has been far more volatile than in the rest of the State. And we are relatively stronger outside of South East Florida than we're in South East Florida. So we are immunized to some extent from the wide swings in pricing for aggregates that you may have heard about in South Florida. We're stronger in the Jacksonville, Tampa, Orlando and the pan handle of Florida than we are certainly in South East Florida. Although, we are relatively strong in South West Florida as well. But that I think it’s Southern Florida where the impact of pricing has been significant and I think the flip side is hopefully, likely to happen is depending on how the Lake Belt comes out and once people start on a clear path of who has what reserves available over what time period and what projects are out there and when there is likely to be some stability in housing in Florida, there is likely to be a lot of price movement in Florida, significant volatility till the supply demand equation becomes clear than it is today.
Michael Betts: Okay. That makes sense. And then just on cement Don?
Donald James: Cement, our plan is up in North Florida, we are moving some cement out of State. North obviously; but the cement situation in Florida is that the capacity within the State in now sufficient or more than sufficient to meet the current level of demand which is extraordinarily weak. We aren't chasing volume with low price and cement anymore than we do it in aggregates. We are trying to be responsible and to be in a position when there is some recovery in demand, not have to make up large price erosion and it doesn't at the end of the day make a lot of sense to try to move cement huge distances so that you're basically not operating in any positive cash margin. So we look at that very carefully. But obviously the key to cement in Florida is going to be some recovery in demand in Florida.
Michael Betts: Okay. Thank you.
Donald James: Also the Energy bill is likely to accelerate the closure of old cement plants not only in Florida but elsewhere as it already has in Europe as you know, because cement plants do have CO2 emissions both from fuel and from driving CO2 out of those limestone in the cement making process so there I think we will see accelerated obsolescence of older cement plants throughout the US including some in Florida.
Michael Betts: Okay that's great. Thank you for your answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clyde Lewis with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Clyde Lewis: Thank you. Morning Don, morning Dan.
Donald James: Good morning.
Clyde Lewis: Two questions if I may. One on industry capacity and aggregates, it’s pretty a particular quarry is being closed before the rock runs out. But I mean what's your best feeling for the amount of sort of labor that's been taken out on a sort of effectively taking out capacity from the quarries of your competitors. Have you got any feeling for what's going on in our major markets on that front?
Donald James: I don't think there have been any permanent closures of aggregate facilities that are significant producers that I am aware off. They have been a number of in fact everybody and this is one of the attributes of aggregates industry is that everybody just reduces operating hours and reduces production in order to meet sort of existing levels of demand and that's done largely through operating hours as opposed to closing facilities. The reason for that of course is transportation cost are a huge component of the delivered cost of aggregates to a job site. So unlike other industry where transportation cost is not a big such a large piece of the delivered cost, it doesn't make sense to close a large number of production facilities in order to ramp up a production capacity of those remaining. We're very different in that regard for example, from an automobile plant. So I think what you see the pattern in aggregates industry is most plans continue to operate but at a reduced number of hours per week or month. Reserves are sufficiently limited and our urban markets, nobody is going to walk away and permanently close plants that have remaining available reserves in our view. So, we don't see a reduction in the number of queries because you just can't replace them. If you've got permitted reserves in a metro area in the U.S. you certainly can't replace them and so you are not going to walk away from them either and we certainly haven’t seen that.
Clyde Lewis: Okay. Thank you. Good going back on Mike's question on tax. I must have been, I was busy scratching my head turning on work out?
Donald James: You're going to blow up, yeah
Clyde Lewis: I mean --maybe in other way I could ask last question, is there thanks to the current prices? Is there a volume point of sort of aggregate operations whereby you would be back to a normal tax rate, is that a good way to think about it?
Donald James: Yes. I think the way to think about it is, as we see recovery in volumes for asphalt and concrete, particularly concrete because our earnings in asphalt are still pretty good on low volumes, but we get -- if we get recovery in asphalt volumes, recovery in Cement volumes, in particular our tax rate will move up and as we recover in aggregate volumes, our tax rate will move up as well. So, there's a tremendous -- if you want to understand the second quarter, it is volume, volume and volume. And it has to do with both taxes as well as earnings from operations.
Clyde Lewis: Okay thank you. And then the last one I had was on some of the safety lid (ph) replacement plans. I mean appreciate still early days in this draft and probably not may come through for another 18 months. But can you say a little bit about what the discussions on how to fund sort of the increases that you have mentioned and also whether the next 18 months is likely to be a smooth pattern of funding coming through or again is that likely to be maybe a little bit lumpier?
Donald James: Well if the Senate environmental and public orders committee and the administration move forward with their 18 month extension proposal, we don't think it will be lumpy at all. The Senator Boxer who has Chaired that committee and Senator Emhoff (ph) who is the ranking republican on the committee, both are very committed to stability and predictability and funding for the federal highway program. We have been specifically asked the question, do you prefer a series of short term extensions or a longer term extension and our answer and I think the industry's answer including the state DOTs is, if we have to have an extension make it a longer one, rather than a series of shorter ones so we don't have the stop-start issue with the state DOTs and there is good visibility at least 18 months as to the ability of the States to get reimbursed for the projects that they are constructing. Now with respect to funding, there is certainly no appetite anywhere in the administration of the Senate for increasing fuel taxes in the current economy. I think it's important to note that the 9 billion that was put into the highway trust fund to shore it up for FY08 and the 7 billion that has caught just in the last week to shore up the highway trust fund for fiscal year '09 are both transfers from the general fund. To get to the 450 billion or 500 billion that the house has proposed, it will probably take a combination of special general fund appropriations to fund the high speed rail piece of that, which would be based on what the administration has said something that they would be prepared to do, to get the 450 billion level of sort of normalized projects. Obviously, it will take either substantial additional general fund sources or an increase in the fuel tax or more likely some combination of the above. I think it's instructive that both the US Chamber of Commerce and the US Trucking Association is saying now probably for the first time, we will pay our fuel taxes if you will commit on to congestion relief in urban areas because that is costing us tremendous amounts of money with the congestion, of trying to get trucks through metropolitan areas on the existing interstate systems. So there is a lot of moving parts here. Unfortunately, our current view is that there will likely be extension, but as I said in my prepared remark, it will take $41 billion annual extension and overlay $27 -- 28 billion of Stimulus money over the next three years or so and on top of that we will have the most robust federal highway spending program that we've ever seen. And so that gives us a lot optimism for on the either scenario for certainly the next few years on the federal highway program in US.
Clyde Lewis: Okay. Thanks and I'll stop.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with DA Davidson. Please proceed.
Brent Thielman: Hi good morning.
Donald James: Good morning, Brent.
Brent Thielman: Just thinking about your guidance for the second half, you still expect to see this normal seasonality of I guess sort of the heavier weighted Q3 versus Q4. Could you guys see a situation where we start to see more of a sequential ramp in volumes in Q4 in some of those estimates that you've had to work around some?
Donald James: Well, the reason for that is weather and if we have a -- I think if we can assume there is going to be anything different about the weather patterns what is could will be different is that the construction award -- I mean the highway construction awards that came out in May and June and those that we'll proceed with heavy bid lettings in July and August. If we have decent weather in the fourth quarter and there's a lot of work on the table for our customers, we can certainly see a disproportionately high number of shipments in the fourth quarter, from that timing of that Stimulus work, but, it always takes good weather in order to do much past October in highway construction. We are in on average climates than many others companies in our industry. So, from that standpoint, in Texas, Florida, California, Arizona and even in like Georgia and Alabama, we could see a longer construction season, if it’s based on temperature but, then we also start getting rainfall in the fourth quarter and it takes it longer to dry out. So, there is a chance that we could see higher than normal distribution of aggregate demand in the fourth quarter, but in order to predict that you got to know what the weather is going to be and stay keen.
Brent Thielman: Sure. Understood. And then secondarily, I guess you know you guys are obviously taking down debt levels. Are you opening up more to acquisitions at this stage?
Donald James: Well. We strategically we want to be in a position to opportunistically make bolt-on acquisitions, if they make strategic sense for the long term and financial sense for both the short term and the long term. So that was one of the things that we wanted to do with our equity offering, was to give us more financial flexibility but that will be more on an opportunistic basis than on any kind of desire to go out and genre (ph) up an aggressive acquisition at this point.
Brent Thielman: Okay, sure and then I guess second to that, are you seeing any more sellers out there just given the severity of the environment.
Donald James: Well there are some and they are probably been a number of things put on the market that haven't sold because the buyers expectations and the sellers desires haven't lined up. But there is a fair amount available. I think but again they aren't too many desperate sellers and so we’ll continue to look at things that make sense for us and if we can make a deal at a reasonable number for a strategically important bolt-on acquisition, we will certainly continue to look at those, we're not out of the market.
Brent Thielman: Okay thanks guys.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion I would now like to turn the call back over to Don James for any closing remarks.
Donald James: Thank you very much for joining us. We are looking forward to the second half of 2009 and we're really looking forward to 2010, 2011. We hope to be able to achieve our expectation of some of our earnings in second half of 2009 compared to 2008. We believe the Stimulus money is going to be significant we also recognize that private non-res construction is going to be much weaker going forward than it has been in the past. But the combination of how we have positioned our businesses, how we have managed our cost structure and the opportunity for getting into the sweet spot of our demand sectors that is publicly funded highways and infrastructure give us some optimism. So we hope that pans out in the near term as well as the long term, but we look forward to reporting to you at the end of the third quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you of our participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Don James - Chairman and CEO Dan Sansone - CFO
Analysts: Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Jason Brown - KeyBanc Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group Trey Grooms - Stephans, Inc. Mike Betts - JPMorgan Timna Tanners - UBS Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets Brent Thielman - DA Davidson Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2009 Vulcan Materials Earnings Call. My name is Shamika and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Don James: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2009. As the announcer said, I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan, and we hope our remarks and dialog will be helpful to you today. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Mac Badgett; Ron McAbee; and Danny Shepherd, our Senior Vice Presidents who run our Construction Materials businesses. Before I begin, let me remind that you certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Description of these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Our first quarter was characterized by an extremely weak construction economy and extremely weak demand for construction materials. The current downturn in demand for aggregates began in the second quarter of 2006. We have since seen 12 consecutive quarters of lower shipments. As I have previously stated, we have reduced operating rates throughout the company to levels that match current demand. We have taken actions to reduce costs and improve productivity. We also have sharply reduced both production levels and inventory levels. Earnings from continuing operations were a loss of $0.29 per diluted share, including $0.58 per diluted share referable to lower aggregates volumes versus the prior year's first quarter. Cash earnings in the first quarter were $70 million versus $112 million in the prior year. EBITDA was $97 million versus $160 million last year. First quarter earnings in our aggregate segments were lower compared to last year. Aggregate shipments declined 30% versus the prior year's first quarter, reducing EBITDA approximately $84 million. In the first quarter, the average freight adjusted unit sales price for aggregates increased 2% from the prior year's first quarter, adding $7 million to EBITDA. We experienced wide variations in the level of price increases across our markets. Many markets realized price improvements from the prior year above the 2% average while markets in the far west reported year-over-year declines in their average selling price. Excluding these far western markets, aggregates pricing improved 4% from the prior year's first quarter. During the first quarter, our plant managers mitigated much of the cost pressures caused by significantly lower volumes. As a result of their actions, unit variable production costs were flat with the prior year and cash fixed costs decreased 21%. These cost control measures demonstrate the greater production flexibility of an aggregates plant versus continuous process manufacturing facilities used in many other industries. In the first quarter, the average unit cost for diesel fuel decreased 47% from the prior year, and increased operating earnings by approximately $13 million. In contrast to typical seasonal operating plans, we reduced production in inventory levels of aggregates during the first quarter of 2009. These decisions penalized first quarter earnings but improved cash generation and better positioned us for improving operating performance as we move forward in the latter parts of the year. Earnings from our asphalt and concrete segment were lower than the prior year's first quarter, reflecting improved asphalt earnings, offset by lower concrete earnings. We initiated pricing actions in the fourth quarter of last year to recover the rapid escalation in the cost of liquid asphalt and have offset the margin erosion we experienced last year in our asphalt product line. Asphalt volumes declined 27% from the prior year's first quarter, and asphalt mix prices increased 13% from the prior year. Asphalt material margins in the first quarter recovered to more normal levels, reflecting recent moderation in the cost of liquid asphalt. The average unit price we paid for liquid asphalt in the first quarter decreased 10% from the prior year's first quarter. Selling, administrative and general expenses in the first quarter of 2009 decreased $13 million from the prior year. Employment levels across the company are down 14% from the prior year, driving reductions in salaries, fringes and other employee-related expenses. Performance-based compensation accruals were lower versus the prior year. These cost reductions more than offset $3 million of project costs related to the replacement of legacy IT systems and their related consolidation of certain administrative support functions. In summary, I believe our management teams are running their businesses well in an extremely tough economic environment. As we look forward to the remainder of 2009, reduced levels of contract awards reported during the first quarter point toward lower residential construction activity, albeit from an already low base. Private, non-residential construction activity also has been declining, and is expected to weaken further throughout the rest of 2009. Through the first three months of 2009, highway awards were lower when compared to the prior year. However, early reports show that state and local departments of transportation are making good progress using stimulus dollars to make highway investments. In fact, most Vulcan-served states have obligated some portion of their highway stimulus funds in the past two months, and we expect bidding activity to increase both in the number of projects and the frequency of bid lettings during the next few years. Key Vulcan-served states such as California, Florida and Texas will receive the largest percentage of highway funding under the stimulus plan. These states are also likely targets for above-average funding for stimulus spending for other forms of infrastructure because of their high growth and large population base. Vulcan sales in these three states will benefit not only from our aggregates focused strategy, but from our complementary asphalt and concrete operations. We have identified three broad categories of infrastructure projects in the stimulus plan that will use our products. These categories account for $50 billion to $60 billion of construction spending and include transportation projects, which are the most aggregates intensive. Water and environmental infrastructure projects and buildings, which include those for schools, for the military and for medical and other facilities. Another feature of the economic stimulus plan is to provide much needed funding for state and local governments at lower borrowing costs through the implementation of the Build America Bonds program. The program is intended to provide a federal subsidy for a larger portion of the borrowing cost of state and local governments than traditional tax exempt bonds and will be attractive to a broader group of investors. Guidelines for this program were announced a month ago by the Treasury. Already, several state agencies, including those in California and Virginia, have issued Build America Bonds successfully. The sale of $5 billion in bonds in California is the largest so far and is allowing the state to restart more than 5,000 projects that have been on hold since December of 2008. Yesterday, Governor Schwarzenegger announced that California had already obligated $1 billion of stimulus funds for transportation projects for the State of California, and other states are moving very quickly in that regard. Overall, we expect full year aggregates shipments for Vulcan to decline 10% to 15% from 2008 levels, inclusive of shipments referable to the economic stimulus plan. Our volume outlook for the first year assumes lower aggregates demand versus 2008 levels in all major end markets. We have revised our expectation for aggregates demand from residential and private non-residential construction downward due to the additional weakness forecasted in the markets. We expect declines in aggregates demand from highways and infrastructure to be in the low-to-mid single digits versus the prior year, including some projected incremental demand starting in the second half of 2009 from the first of the economic stimulus projects underway are scheduled for bid during the next few months. We expect selling prices for aggregates to rise 4% to 6% in 2009 and to help offset the earnings effect of lower volumes. We expect earnings from our asphalt and concrete segment to increase in 2009, due primarily to a recovery in materials margins in our asphalt business where higher selling prices reflect the past year's increases in cost for key raw materials. Asphalt and concrete sales volumes in 2009 are expected to be slightly lower than 2008 levels. Segment earnings in cement will be lower in 2009 due to lower shipments. We now expect our average cost of diesel fuel for 2009 will be approximately $1.58 per gallon lower than the 2008 average unit cost. Our earnings sensitivity to changes in diesel fuel prices has diminished given the current weakness in demand. At the peak of demand, we purchased approximately 65 million gallons annually. In 2009, we expect to purchase about 45 million gallons. As a result, every $0.10 per gallon change in the price affects pretax earnings approximately 4.5 million at current demand levels. We expect full year [SAG] expense to be slightly lower in 2009 as increased cost related to the replacement of legacy IT systems are more than offset by the effects of cost reduction efforts. Total project costs will peak in 2009 as implementation begins in the fall. Full year IT project costs in 2009 should approximate $16 million. Interest expense in 2009 is expected to be about $175 million based on the current interest rate levels. Our plants and equipment are in very good condition. Reinvestment in these assets over the last few years has increased production capacity and efficiency and reduced the average age of our rolling stock. As a result, we expect capital spending to be approximately $200 million, down sharply from last year's levels. In early February, we improved our liquidity through the issuance of $400 million of long-term debt. Proceeds of this debt offering reduced short-term bank borrowings, thereby freeing up a like amount of liquidity under our lines of credit. In April, we utilized $250 million of the liquidity under our lines of credit to pay off $250 million of 10-year notes as scheduled. In the first quarter, we reduced debt by $33 million, and we expect to reduce total debt by $200 million during 2009. Another development that I want to discuss briefly is the status of the Lake Belt litigation in South Florida. On January the 30th, of this year, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida issued its second ruling, invalidating all of the permits approved in 2002 for limestone mining in the Lake Belt area of Miami-Dade, after its first ruling was reversed on appeal. The ruling pertains to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers issued permits to several companies including the permit issued to Vulcan's Miami quarry. The companies in the Lake Belt region affected in the ruling as well as the plaintiff have filed briefs with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. Oral argument is currently being scheduled. The Lake Belt region historically has supplied as much as 50 million to 60 million tons of aggregates to Florida markets including Miami, Jacksonville, Orlando and Tampa. The aggregates reserves in this region also serve as an important source of feed stock for those companies which have cement plants in Miami. As I mentioned, Vulcan has one quarry affected by the latest ruling. In 2008, Vulcan's Miami quarry sold approximately 1.5 million tons. At this point, none of the quarries in the Lake Belt are mining limestone, although most, if not all, are processing stockpiled feed stock. This past Friday, May the 1st, the Corps of Engineers issued its supplemental environmental impact statement, which is the first step in issuing revised permits for the Lake Belt mining. This process will continue to work its way out and is unlikely to be resolved until sometime next year. In closing, I would like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to establish an aggregates focused business that has the compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S. markets that are expected to experience above-average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future. The current economy is weak, but the economic stimulus plan signed by the President in mid February should help offset some of the economic weakness beginning in the second half of 2009 and provide much needed support for creating jobs and getting our economy back on track. We are focused on the upcoming renewal of the six year Federal Highway Bill by Congress. The next highway bill will play an important role in creating jobs and addressing our aging infrastructure. We, along with many businesses and industry groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the American Trucking Association are urging Congress to act in a timely manner to sustain the momentum started by the economic stimulus plan and to fund the highway programs at levels recommended by the two Congressional Commissions which have studied the needs for our highway infrastructure. For Vulcan, a daily discipline with a long-term focus will lead us through these challenging economic times. Our organization is meeting the challenge and preserving the profitability of our business by staying focused on pricing our products to reflect their great value in the attractive markets we serve and by aggressively managing costs, we will continue to create value for our shareholders. We thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now if our operator will give you the required instructions, we will be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions ). You have a question from the line of Garik Shmois from Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: First question is on the pricing mix out west. Just wondering if you could quantify what percentage of your shipments were negatively impacted by the ballast in the [fill material] you were shipping.
Don James: It is probably in the neighborhood of 1 million tons.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Are these short-term contracts in nature that you expect to roll over here in the near-term? Or should we expect this negative mix to persist through the balance of the year?
Don James: No. The fill material was just a byproduct material that did not meet expectations for construction grade material. It does run through our plant, so we count it as production in sales, but we stockpile that material routinely and then when there is a project that can consume it, we will sell it for that project. So I don't imagine we will see the impact of the fill material in anything like the same degree that we saw in the first quarter. Railroad ballast sales will continue. That is a new product line for us in the west. We acquired a quarry outside of Sacramento that produces a substantial amount of railroad ballast. It was not in our portfolio in the last quarter. Railroad ballast has actually been one of our stronger product lines in the first quarter, and so that product requires less processing and is sold at, probably on average $3 to $4 a ton lower than material going into asphalt and concrete.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Just a couple more quick questions on stimulus. Obviously, you are hopeful that the second half of the year you are going to see an improvement in volumes. But is there a rule of thumb that you can point to as far as how quickly you can start shipping after a project has been obligated by the state?
Don James: It depends on the nature of the project. For resurfacing projects, it goes very quickly. Many of these, as you are aware, are resurfacing projects, so we would expect to see some volume. We don't have enough data to try to pinpoint whether it is going to hit in the third quarter or the fourth quarter of '09 or the first or second quarter of 2010. But these projects we believe will move faster than highway construction projects have historically. There aren't very many big earth moving projects in these stimulus package projects that take a long time to get done. There are lane additions and those will go relatively quickly. Bridges will be more slow to get started and in some states, there are a fair amount of bridges. But I think we are very encouraged by the speed at which the DoTs have already bid projects and have set projects up for bid in the next few months. It will certainly benefit us. The benefit clearly will arrive in 2010 and 2011. How much of it we see in the second half we're continuing to monitor, but we believe we'll see some.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Lastly on the bids that you are seeing. We have been hearing about some of the bids coming in below engineer's estimates. Can you talk about what you are seeing on the aggregates pricing side on stimulus projects coming down the pike?
Don James: I think aggregate pricing on stimulus projects will be consistent with aggregate pricing on every other type of project. It won't be a increase or decrease in the price of our materials because it is a stimulus project as opposed to any other type of project. There is just not any basis for that. I think some bids coming in at below engineering estimates for construction are probably much more related to the drop in liquid asphalt prices, the drop in diesel fuel prices, the drop in steel prices, which very substantially affect the engineering estimates and a lot of the engineering estimates were put together in a time period in which the price of those products were much higher than they are today. So I would expect that to be the basis of bids coming in below engineering estimates and not related to aggregate pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel of KeyBanc.
Jason Brown - KeyBanc: This is Jason Brown actually on for Chris. Just a follow-up on the underlying price decline in your western markets. Net of the mix shift, I think you said prices were lower. Just wondering if this was just a function of a fragmented market where pricing got more competitive, or if there was something else more at work there. And secondly, realizing that your pricing is not directly related in different regions. Is there anything that gives you confidence that this won't occur in other regions?
Don James: Well, I think the pricing, particularly in California, is interesting. We started, as you probably know, with among the highest prices we enjoy in the country in California, and we've had among the highest rate of increase of pricing in California over the year since we have been there. Really since 2000 we have had very strong price growth in California to the point that as I have said, almost our highest-priced markets in the country were in California. California started down on the private construction side early in the process. So there has been more stress on volumes in California than perhaps in other states, at least early on. I think when the California infrastructure program started back in 2008 awarding bids, you saw a lot of people hungry for work, and you saw very aggressive bidding. I believe we will see as the stimulus projects get bid and as other public infrastructure work and the big California infrastructure program that is separate from the stimulus begin to roll forward, we will see a slightly better pricing environment. I think across the rest of the country, certainly private construction remains weak in almost all of the markets. So do have that pressure. I think the stimulus package and the upcoming highway bill will provide stability across virtually all markets in the U.S.
Jason Brown - KeyBanc: On the mix shift for the back half of the year, obviously your projects will be leaning toward public works projects, and I think you've said before that those are actually, on average, higher priced products. I was just wondering if I had that right.
Don James: Yes, that's correct. When you produce material for federal highway projects, it tends to have much tighter specifications. It is more costly to produce and it has higher pricing. So I think generally our pricing guidance of 4% to 6% for the full year anticipates a mix shift to some extent to more highway projects versus private construction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: As far as your guidance outlined today, how much of that includes stimulus. I just want to make sure your previous guidance in your previous quarter did not include stimulus.
Don James: Yes, our previous guidance, Kathryn, did not include stimulus. Our current guidance attempts to include stimulus. It's the timing whether those projects ship in 2009 or 2010 is still very difficult to predict, but we have attempted to add a modest amount to our 2009 guidance to reflect some of the stimulus projects. Hopefully it will move faster, but at this point, we have included it, but at a very modest level.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Would it be a reasonable assumption of saying excluding stimulus, all things equal, that volumes will be down, say, 15% to 20%? Is that another way to looking on an apples-apples basis?
Don James: The amount that we have included in stimulus, we really only increased our highway projection or the aggregates going into highways by about 1% for the stimulus. We have increased on some other like water and sewer projects, which are really relatively small volumes, a few percentage points. So I don't think there is that big of -- you have said from 10% to 15% to 15% to 20%. We don't think it's that big a impact from stimulus in our guidance.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Given the aggressive bidding on stimulus work, particularly in certain states, how much leverage do you have in pricing, and how do you manage that amount?
Don James: I mean a stimulus project is no different than any of our other projects. We look at where the project is located, who the potential customers we have who are viable bidders for that project, and we work with them to try to come up with a price that allows them to get the work and gives us a fair return on our materials. That's a case-by-case, project-by-project process, and it really depends on a number of factors that are project specific. As we've said before, we don't set a price in the corporate office because if we do, we can't possibly have the local market knowledge that is necessary to be successful in pricing. So the stimulus projects are not dealt any differently than our regular highway work.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: That makes perfect sense. Right now I mean from the bidding does (inaudible ) it sounds like what you are saying.
Don James: I am sorry, I missed your last question, Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: You really haven't seen any impact from bidding activity yet at any meaningful level?
Don James: There is no shipment impact from stimulus projects in the first quarter. They will not likely be any shipment impact from stimulus projects in the second quarter. As we have said earlier, we expect to see some in the second half. The amount of that is really difficult to predict at this point until we see when our customers can get mobilized and get underway. That is not to say, however, that there is that there have been a lot of stimulus projects already bid by the state DoTs and by local DoTs. In fact, as I mentioned, the State of California has already bid $1 billion in stimulus projects. So that is moving very quickly. In terms of the DoTs getting the projects out for bids, getting the money obligated. So we are happy with that. There is zero impact in the first quarter in terms of shipments, and I will be surprised if there is any impact in the second quarter from stimulus. It is in the pipeline, and it will be there, and it is going to sustain demand, certainly through 2010, 2011, probably into 2012.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Well, maybe we will take a break from the stimulus questions. Just general, could you give additional color on regional pricing trends, and then also, are there any meaningful changes in your non-res and residential housing outlook for 2009?
Don James: I'll address the first part of that first. We track contract awards. Companies publish contract awards for various categories of private non-res work in our markets, and we also track housing starts in our markets. As we look at those two factors plus our own information that we get from our teams in the field, this is not going to be a great year for any private construction activity. The one exception to that being, as we said in our press release, I think on the Gulf Coast, there is a fair amount of heavy industrial construction that we are supplying, and that has remained good. In fact, the Gulf Coast is the one market where we are up in volume year-over-year. So we are pleased with that. The first part of your question, Kathryn, could you repeat that for me?
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Any additional color on regional pricing differences.
Don James: Yes, okay. As we've said, excluding the far west, which is essentially California and Arizona, we got about 4% price increase and again, that was in a very tough market in the worst quarter of the year. We believe, that pricing will certainly be positive and we will get real price growth throughout the whole country for the full year. The issues in the west, I tried to respond to earlier really have to do with the length of time. That the private construction economy in California have been extremely weak, and as you know, there's been a lot in the paper about the California state budgets. There are still a lot of things in the paper, so there has been a great deal more uncertainty in the state of California than in the rest of the country, and I think we have seen that in pricing for products there. Hopefully when the California construction economy begins to stabilize, we will see pricing opportunities that look more like the rest of the country right now. But outside of the far west, virtually all of our major markets had price increases in the first quarter.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: For your Florida market and given the Lake Belt situation, is it safe to assume that pricing in that market may be slightly above the overall corporate average?
Don James: Well, I think it certainly has the opportunity for that to happen. We got price increases in Florida in the first quarter as we did in all of our other markets other than the far west. I think today, those companies producing material in the Lake Belt, as I have said in our remarks, cannot mine. Most companies, including Vulcan, have stockpiled material that we are processing, but that can be measured in months, and I don't think anybody believes that this whole issue, either with the Corps of Engineers or the Federal Courts is going to be resolved anytime soon. So I think you are absolutely correct that the environment for material availability in Florida and therefore pricing has some upside potential.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Final question. Do you have any indications to buy or sell any assets within Vulcan?
Don James: If there is a strategically located bolt-on quarry that we think is important for the long-term reserves and market presence, we certainly will be interested in continuing to make those kind of acquisitions. We constantly prune our portfolio of businesses, and if we are in markets where it is very difficult to get above cost of capital returns on our investment, our business model says we will exit those markets and we continually look for those opportunities. So I don't think, Kathryn, either of those strategies have changed or will change in this climate. We aren't putting up large blocks of assets for sale for any reason.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms of Stephans, Incorporated.
Trey Grooms - Stephans, Inc.: A couple of questions. Give us an update on kind of where the specific mix for your end market stands right now. So, kind of how much is currently coming from residential, commercial, et cetera. If there has been any change from what you have said in the past, Also on that, you mentioned that you expect infrastructure down kind of low-to-mid single digits, if I heard you correctly. Could you give us a little more specific kind of expectations for what is baked into your guidance for the other end markets?
Don James: Sure. Our end market mix has no mystery to this. Certainly housing is down into the low teens, maybe even lower than that today. The part that will be growing as an end market will be public infrastructure generally, including specifically highways, but also other publicly funded infrastructure private non-res, the stores piece, retail, is weak and falling. Office buildings are weak and falling. Industrial plants are holding up, institutional buildings are holding up. So private non-res as a percent of our total historically has run 27% or 28%. I expect it will drop down into the mid-20s. We will see public infrastructure spending again go back over 50% of our total end market mix. I mentioned earlier railroad ballast is really one of our stronger end markets now. Railroads continue to need ballast, and we are well positioned in a number places to provide that. So that segment as a percent of total may grow slightly, but the big growth will be in public infrastructure, particularly highways, and I see us moving back towards the plus 50% range there with housing probably getting at some point to half of the norm. That is 10% of our total volume versus 20% and then private non-res moving down a couple of percentage points.
Trey Grooms - Stephans, Inc.: Could you just give us an idea of your expectations for -- I know you say they're coming down, but you said for infrastructure coming down low-to-single digits. What is your expectation specifically for some of these other end markets other than just -- I know you are expecting them to come down, but I mean for like commercial, do you think it will be down 20%, 30% this year? Or could you quantify?
Don James: Sure. We think highways and infrastructure will be down about 4% year-over-year in terms of aggregate volume going into it, and that can move around a lot depending on whether these stimulus projects go fast or slow. That's our current estimate. Residential we see down about 34% year-over-year. Office buildings and stores, 28%, 29% year-over-year decline. Manufacturing down much less than that, probably about 5%. Institutional buildings down about 10% or 11% and government buildings flat to down slightly. So the big drops are obviously residential and office buildings and stores. The strength being in highways, infrastructure and government buildings.
Trey Grooms - Stephans, Inc.: You have mentioned in the press release and then also on the call that energy projects, rather, as well as some big industrial projects helped the Gulf market. How long are those projects expected to last?
Don James: Some of them will continue throughout 2009. Maybe beyond that. Whether there will be in this market new projects coming down the pipeline of the same magnitude is doubtful. But we are certainly enjoying them now. I think what we see going forward, the automobile plant in Chattanooga, the Volkswagen plant is moving forward. The ThyssenKrupp steel plant in Mobile is moving forward. The big intermodal rail yard south of Chicago I think is moving forward. So there are significant projects around. I think one of the things that is most encouraging to me, and I have had conversations with people in the ocean shipping industry, is that while we won't see it in '09 or '10 probably, for the longer term, there are going to be some very large port projects in the U.S. Gulf and South Atlantic coast. As the Panama canal project gets underway and the additional capacity necessary to accommodate the larger ships and increased number of ships that will be diverted from the West Coast to the Gulf Coast and Atlantic. So that demand sector, I think has got a lot of upside to it. You are not going to see that, the impact for at least a couple of years. Hopefully, that will kick in as some of these other large projects begin to wind down.
Trey Grooms - Stephans, Inc.: My last question is, I am sure it is tough to quantify this, but the carryover from kind of mid 2008 price increases into what we saw in the first quarter, is there any way to kind of think about how much those price increases benefited the quarter, the price increase announced in the quarter?
Don James: I can tell you that some of the price increase in the quarter came from '08 price increases. Probably relatively little because of the relatively low volumes in the first quarter. You just don't see the impact of it. The mix in the first quarter isn't our sweet spot, because not many people are putting down asphalt in the first quarter in many markets. The price increases that are in the pipeline will, I believe, be more visible as we move forward in the second and the third quarter than they were in the first. That didn't answer your question, but you knew when you asked it, I couldn't answer it the way you asked it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts of JPMorgan.
Mike Betts - JPMorgan: I've got I think three, maybe four questions, but three major ones. The first one is kind of a bit of a technical one, that the average freight adjusted aggregates price seems to be restated for Q1 '08 down from $10.19 to $10.04. Could Dan or somebody maybe explain why that restatements were posted?
Don James: So you have a technical question, I have to refer it to Dan Sansone.
Dan Sansone: Which gives me the distinct honor of admitting that there was an error, in the calculation in the first quarter of last year in adjusting out those freight numbers, so, we just corrected it. What you have in this report is, in fact, the proper number for both quarters.
Mike Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. Apologies for asking that question.
Don James: Only would you find that one, Mike.
Mike Betts - JPMorgan: Well, I am sure you find plenty of errors in my reports. So, please, I am not encouraging you to look. Second question, you have lowered the pricing guidance, Don, for the year by a couple of percentage points. Was that just the factors that went on out west in Q1 with more ballast and also the weaker pricing there? Or actually, have you struggled in some of the areas that you, maybe when gave the initial guidance were more optimistic on pricing?
Don James: I think our pricing guidance was heavily influenced by what we saw in the far west. Certainly, our volume guidance into the private sector, both residential and private non-res is weaker or our outlook is weaker today than it was at the end of the year, based on contract awards that are from published data. While we wish we were immune to competitive pressures, we clearly are not. We have competition in every market for every job and with weaker demand that does affect the pricing. So our guidance is adjusted on the basis of pricing in California, number one and weaker private sector demand in the rest of the country. The reported average price could be impacted by the amount of stimulus projects that actually get shipped because as we say while we wouldn't increase price because of the stimulus projects, they will improve our mix into higher priced products because they would go into federal highway construction and airports.
Mike Betts - JPMorgan: My third question. You gave in your presentation some cost savings in terms of lower numbers of employees, et cetera. Is that just a carry over from what you did last year? Or given the volume declines that you've just mentioned, have you implemented any significant further rationalization or cost saving measures this quarter?
Don James: Yes. We have continued to rationalize our operating hours and our production. We actually shipped more in the first quarter than we produced which helped us reduce our inventory levels. As you know from the way accounting works, we make more money when we are producing material, but we made the conscious decision to cut back production so that we could manage our inventories. Hopefully, as we move into the second and third quarters, we can bring people back to work or run our plants longer hours. We did reduce our employee headcount some in the first quarter over just the sequential quarter of last quarter 2008. That is not something we like to do or feel good about. We think in this economy, it has been necessary to do, and we certainly want to bring people back to work as soon as we can.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Timna Tanners of UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Just a couple of question I think left. Wondering if you could maybe Dan can give us an update when we might see another impairment test at Florida Rock. Is there anything coming up on that?
Dan Sansone: Well the accounting rules, require a test annually. We have historically performed that test in the fourth quarter. We do not believe that there has been a triggering event of sufficient magnitude to indicate an interim formal testing. So as of right now, absent any further developments, we would go through the rigorous test in the fourth quarter.
Timna Tanners - UBS: What would be a triggering event, just for my edification?
Don James: Somewhat loosely defined, but it is some event that would be significant enough on the performance of the business to cause you to suspect that there might be an issue. I am making these things up here, for example, if the stimulus program was not in place and there was further indications of a collapse in volume maybe that could be a triggering event. We don't see anything that would have an adverse affect on the business beyond what has already been incorporated into our fourth quarter 2008 goodwill impairment testing assumptions. So kind of a moving target, we built in kind of a current view of the world in our fourth quarter assumptions. If you think about goodwill impairment testing, in this industry in particular, you are doing discounted cash flow projections over an extended period of time. Whatever modest modifications we've made in our volume and pricing guidance for 2009 is immaterial to the valuation of this business over a 20-plus year time frame.
Timna Tanners - UBS: The other thing I wanted to do was follow-up on some comments that Don made in the introduction about [Stacy Lou] and the reauthorization of the successor to that. PCI recently anticipated that there would be a year lag before it gets reauthorized. Can you comment on that? Do you think that is true? What are you doing, and what is the mood right now in Washington regarding impetus to passing that in a more timely manner?
Don James: I don't have a prediction as to when it is likely to pass. I think history says it is unlikely to be passed at its due date, which would be October 1 of 2009. I think the places to look, I guess the budget resolution has highway funding continuing in FY '10 at the same level it was in FY '09, which is about $43 billion. If you look at that over a six-year basis that is a 13% increase over the last six-year highway bill. That is sort of the low point, we think in the process, and that budget resolution I think is at $325 billion, which would be the six-year look. The heads of the authorizing committees, that is, transportation and infrastructure in the House and the parallel committee in the Senate have both been talking about a $500 billion program, which would be extraordinarily robust. The issue, of course, is how to fund it. The two commissions that Congress authorized to go study, both the infrastructure needs of the U.S., the surface transportation infrastructure needs and the funding sources have both come back with recommendations to Congress, and they both include increase in the fuel tax. I think it is it particularly encouraging that the general business community as represented by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, by the National Association of Manufacturers and particularly by the American Trucking Association are all saying fund highways at the level being recommended by these commissions, because it will increase economic efficiency. It will increase fuel efficiency, and ultimately, it will reduce emissions if we have trucks and cars moving through metropolitan areas at some steady rate of speed as opposed to the stop and go congestion we have today. In addition to recommending fuel taxes, which perhaps the American Trucking Association represents the largest single group of consumers of motor fuel, they are saying raise the tax, commit it to congestion relief. The commissions also recommend increased use of tolling, congestion pricing for tolling, which is now feasible from an IT standpoint, and the continuing work to facilitate public/private partnerships or private money going into the highways. We are seeing all of that working. Chairman Oberstar has specifically said he wants to cut through a lot of the bureaucracy in Washington and streamline the flow of funds and cut the total number of accounts from some huge number down to about four in order to not only speed the process for highway construction. So that we can move the dollars through more quickly and efficiently, but also increase the amount of funding in the near-term. So there is a lot working there. I can't tell you when and how it is going to work out. Certainly the Obama administration needs to be heavily involved in the process. I think there is a case to be made from the environmental standpoint that higher fuel taxes will facilitate the shift to more fuel efficient cars. So there is a lot of public policy benefit to what is going on in the highway funding area in addition to just building more infrastructure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak of BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: This is Adam Thalhimer calling in for Jack. Most of my questions have been answered. I have just one left. I wonder if you comment just broadly on the commercial downturn. I know in the past, non-res cycles have tended to last for two to three years. I am wondering, is there a chance that this time around the commercial market comes back a little faster if the credit markets soften up?
Don James: Well, I think certainly all private non-res construction is being impacted greatly by the credit issue. That's the single biggest factor in my view. There is weakness in retail and there is weakness in business travel because of the overall economy, but there are a lot of projects that are ready to go if the credit markets return anywhere near normal. So I think that is the single issue with respect to private non-res construction, is the credit markets. I can't tell you how many developers that I have heard from, that say, I can't get my project financed in this market and as soon as I can, it will go. That seems to be pervasive all across the country right now. Housing, on the other hand, credit, while it requires larger down payments, mortgage rates are at very attractive levels. So the housing side is a function of not so much the credit markets as it is the uncertainty about what is happening to housing prices. Housing starts are down at 500,000 to 550,000 starts when most economists are saying the level to sustain the housing stock in the U.S. and meet the demand from household formations is more like 1.5 million. So we are running at plus or minus a third of what is necessary to sustain the housing stock. That maybe the place we see recovery surprising people at some point in the future. I am not predicting when that is going to be. We are saying, I think, that the public infrastructure is going to be the key demand sector for us. Another factor in the store side that I think is important is that a lot of the big box retailers and those that are relatively prosperous in this economy like Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart is going to build its own building. It doesn't matter that there may be five big box stores available for lease in a marketplace. If Wal-Mart wants to put a building in, they are going to build their new building. There are other big box retailers that have the same business model. That is their store and the layout of the store is part of their brand, and so those buildings are going to continue to get built notwithstanding some vacancy rates in particular markets. I think that's a relatively interesting phenomenon from that standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman of DA Davidson.
Brent Thielman - DA Davidson: Don, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expected asphalt and concrete sales to be down in 2009, but I guess I am wondering, would you expect at least in terms of tonnage in the asphalt mix business in the second half, to begin to grow just given some of the, I guess more of the resurfacing work coming in?
Don James: The second half asphalt tonnage will be significantly influenced by the timing of the stimulus projects on the one hand, and a large part of our asphalt business is in California. The resumption by the state of California of a lot of the California infrastructure program projects, which are separate from the stimulus projects, should benefit asphalt shipments in California as those projects resume. They were largely stopped throughout the first quarter. While we improved our material margins in California, our shipments were down significantly year-over-year. Texas and California are our larger asphalt markets, particularly California, so I would think we have an opportunity to see perhaps more improvement in asphalt shipments than we have baked into our outlook. That's going to depend on when these projects actually start shipping, both the stimulus projects as well as the California infrastructure projects.
Brent Thielman - DA Davidson: On the price, the asphalt mixed price in the first quarter, I think it did come down sequentially. I am just wondering, is that seasonal? Do you typically see a ramp-up in its pricing?
Don James: Asphalt mix prices went up in the first quarter.
Dan Sansone: He said sequentially.
Brent Thielman - DA Davidson: From the fourth quarter, I'm sorry.
Don James: As you know, liquid asphalt spiked in mid-year '08, and our margins eroded as we were shipping material with higher liquid asphalt costing, and faster than we could get our pricing up. Certainly, we have moved pricing to offset the higher cost of the liquid asphalt, and our margins have returned to more normalized levels. We expect that to hold going into the second quarter of 2009. At some point, if liquid asphalt prices remain low, which we hope they will, that that will be reflected in the absolute price of asphalt mix. Hopefully, we can hold our margins.
Brent Thielman - DA Davidson: Just lastly, have you had any disruptions in your quarry in the Yucatan just subsequent to the end of the quarter?
Don James: No, we haven't. We have got 350 employees in that operation, including 50 teachers at our school there, and we have not had a single case of flu. We did have a two-day production interruption in response to President Calderon's order that all production facilities shut down for the five-day period over the past weekend. So we did lose two days of production, but we have already got that scheduled to make up on weekends as we go forward, but so far, [knock on wood], our employees have not been affected at all by the Swine Flu.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aynsley Lammin of Citigroup.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: First, just two quick questions. Firstly on the dividends. Just wondering if you could give a bit more on your thinking behind that and should we take kind of dividend being held for the first quarter is a good indication that will be the same for the full year. Obviously, it is not in the statement, but just wondered if you will give any more kind of any guidance on the EPS for the full year based on your current assumptions on volumes and prices?
Don James: With respect to the dividend, that is something that our Board will look at the upcoming Board meeting. It is certainly an issue that we take seriously, and there are competing considerations. I will not prejudge how our Board views. They do feel very strongly that we need to return cash to shareholders, and they have been very supportive of the dividend historically, but that's an issue that we will take up quarter-by-quarter. With respect to EPS guidance, we have not given EPS guidance for the year or for the second quarter. I think in this economy and with the uncertainty in the private sector construction and the uncertainty of the timing of when stimulus projects are going to go, we have elected to let you guys decide how much we will make this year instead of trying to give you guidance on it.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Don James.
Don James: Well, thank you very much. This was a very tough quarter for us. I think our management teams are doing all the right things. This is about volume. If we get a recovery in volume, we believe we are very well-positioned to benefit strongly from that. Our view is that volume recovery will come from public sector infrastructure funding first, and that the private sector will come along later. We are managing our business to survive this downturn, to position ourselves for the long-term, which has been Vulcan's strategy for about the last 50 years, and it is not changing. Thank you very much for your interest, and we look forward to talking with you in three months.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners Timna Tanners - UBS Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co. Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Michael Betts - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2008 Vulcan Materials' Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dan and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed sir.
Donald M. James: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss our fourth quarter results and our outlook for 2009. I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan and we hope our remarks and dialog today will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today on our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mac Badgett and Danny Shepherd, two of our Senior Vice Presidents in Construction Materials. Before I begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Descriptions to these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. The fourth quarter brings to a close a very challenging year. The economic uncertainty, turmoil in the financial markets and tighter credit standards weakened the construction activity further in 2008. Our employees continue to respond aggressively to weakness in demand for our products by making tough decisions regarding reducing operating hours, rationalizing our production facilities and reducing manning levels. To underscore this point, a turn of aggregates in 2008 in our legacy business generated more cash earnings than it did last year in 2007, and over 50% more cash earnings than it be at the peak of the demand cycle in 2005. This fact highlights the sound fundamentals of Vulcan's aggregates business, the capabilities of our organization and the attractiveness of the markets we serve. Fourth quarter earnings in our aggregates segment were lower compared to last year. Sharply lower volumes more than offset the earnings effect on price improvement and prudent cost control. The current downturn in demand for aggregates began in the second quarter of 2006. We have since recorded 11 consecutive quarters of lower shipments on a same-quarter basis. Aggregate shipments declined 23% versus last year's fourth quarter. Full year aggregate shipments were 204 million tons, a 12% decline from 2007. In the fourth quarter, the average freight adjusted unit sales price for aggregates increased approximately 6% from the prior year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we achieved a 7% increase over 2007. During the fourth quarter, we continued to adjust production levels to match the lower level of demand. Key operating parameters that measure labor efficiency at our production sites show that our plant managers through actions mitigated a lot of the cost pressures caused by a significantly lower volumes. For the full year 2008, the average unit cost for diesel fuel increased 36% from the prior year and lowered operating earnings approximately $37 million. Excluding energy-related costs, such as diesel fuel and electricity, unit variable production cost in legacy Vulcan aggregates operations for full year 2008 increased modestly from the 2007 levels. Additionally, cash period cost at legacy Vulcan aggregates operations were approximately 13% lower than last year. These cost control measures demonstrate the greater production flexibility for an aggregates plant versus continuous process manufacturing facilities used in many other industries. Earnings for our asphalt and concrete segment were lower than the prior year's fourth quarter, due mostly to lower sales volume. Asphalt volumes declined 23% from the prior year's fourth quarter and asphalt mixed prices increased 27% from the prior year. The average unit price we paid for liquid asphalt in the fourth quarter was 68% higher than the average unit pricing in the prior year. The average price of liquid asphalt peaked in September of 2008 and declined to each subsequent month with the December price 33% below the September level. The rapid escalation in liquid asphalt prices during the second and third quarters made it difficult for us to increase our selling prices for asphalt mix fast enough to cover these costs. Fourth quarter pricing actions began to offset some of the margin erosion experienced early in the year, as higher priced projects replaced lower priced projects. As a result fourth quarter unit material margin improved from the prior year's level. Concrete sales volumes increased 39% from the prior year's fourth quarter due to the addition of Florida Rock operations. Sales volumes in our legacy concrete business declined 18% from the prior year. Selling administrative and general expenses on the fourth quarter of 2008 increased $11 million from the prior year. Lower performance-based compensation was more than offset by the inclusion of legacy Florida Rock businesses by $5 million of expenses for the fair market value donated property and the project cost related to the replacement of our legacy IT systems and the related consolidation of certain administrative support functions. Excluding these items from both periods, SAG expenses declined 8% from the prior year's fourth quarter. Before I move into comments regarding 2009, let me say in summary that our management teams are running their businesses well in an extremely tough economic environment. Throughout 2008, we remain focused on aggressively controlling cost while realizing higher pricing for our products to reflect their value in the attractive markets we serve. These actions help preserve profitability reached on the aggregates sold in 2008. Turning now to our outlook; cash generation through cost control and pricing discipline and utilizing our cash for debt reduction remain priorities in 2009. Broad based economic weakness and extremely tight credit markets continue to hamper construction activity, and foster greater than usual uncertainty in projecting demand for our products. The construction industry has been hard hit by above-average unemployment and weak demand. Reduced levels of contract awards in Vulcan-served markets point toward a lower residential, private non-residential and highway construction activity in 2009, excluding the impact of the Economic Stimulus Plan now pending in Washington. The Economic Stimulus Plan being voted on today in the Senate includes much needed funding for transportation and other infrastructure-related projects that will benefit the construction industry. We have ample production capacity located in attractive markets and we have strong unit cash margins. Any increase in demand for our products due to the Stimulus Bill can be met quickly, efficiently and profitably. Key Vulcan-served states such as California, Florida and Texas should receive the largest percentage of highway funding out of the Stimulus Plan and are likely targets for above-average funding for other stimulus spending for infrastructure across their large population base. Vulcan sales in these three states should benefit from our aggregate-focused strategy that is complemented by our asphalt and concrete operations in these states. Because the passage of an economic stimulus plan should have broad reaching effect on the demand for our products forecast in 2009, sales volumes in aggregate asphalt and concrete including the effect of the stimulus plan, at this point is both challenging and premature. Therefore, my outlook comments on end market demand excludes any impact from the Economic Stimulus Plan. My comments also exclude any impact from the ruling two weeks ago in the Lake Belt litigation which I'll comment on briefly in the future. With respect to Vulcan-served markets, we expect aggregates demand in all non-housing related end markets to be down in the mid-single digit range and residential demand to decline as much as 20% in 2009. As a result, full year aggregate shipments for Vulcan are expected to decline 5% to 10% from 2008 levels, exclusive of the Economic Stimulus Plan. We expect selling prices for aggregates to rise 6 to 8% in 2009 and to help offset the earnings effects of lower volumes. We expect earnings from our asphalt and concrete segment to increase in 2009 due primarily to a recovery in material margins in our asphalt businesses, where higher selling prices reflect the past year's increases in costs for key raw materials. Asphalt and concrete sales volumes in 2009 are expected to be slightly lower than 2008 levels. Segment earnings in cement will be lower in 2009, due to higher cost and weak demand. Our outlook assumes that diesel fuel prices increase modestly from the unit price level at the end of 2008. If prices remain at that level, our average cost of diesel fuel will be approximately $1.40 per gallon, lower than the 2008 average unit price. Our sensitivity to changes in diesel fuel prices has diminished some given the current weakness in demand. At the peak of demand, we purchased about 65 million gallons of diesel. In 2009, we expect to purchase about 45 million gallons of diesel fuel. As a result every $0.10 per gallon change in the price effects pre-tax earnings approximately $4.5 million at current demand levels. We expect SAG expense to be slightly lower in 2009 that has increased costs related to the replacement of legacy IT systems and the related consolidation administrative support functions are offset by the effects of cost reduction programs. Interest expense in 2009 is expected to be approximately $200 million, based on the current level of short-term interest rates for the short-term portion of our debt. As I mentioned earlier, the timing and level of investment for infrastructure that will be contained in the final Economic Stimulus Plan are unknown at this point. Based on our preliminary analysis, we believe Vulcan-served states will receive the majority of the spending. For planning purposes, we have begun to analyze the potential volume impact of Vulcan by making high-level broad based assumptions about the volume intensity of the various infrastructure-related projects contemplated in the stimulus plan. We have identified three broad categories of infrastructure in the current stimulus plan which could contain our products. Those categories would include transportation, including highways, transit and airports; water and environmental infrastructure; and building infrastructure which would includes schools, military buildings and medical and other facilities. For example, transportation infrastructure is the most aggregates-intensive construction project type. For every billion dollars spent on highways, approximately 14 million tons of aggregate are consumed, assuming a normal mix of highway projects. This factor could increase if ready-to-go projects or more heavily toward resurfacing and lane additions, rather than historical spending patterns which include large multiyear write-away acquisitions and earth moving, which have no aggregate content. For Vulcan, our sizeable asphalt and concrete businesses provide additional earnings potential from highway projects. That same billion dollar spend on highways could also lead to four to five million tons of asphalt mix and 150,000 cubic yards of concrete. Water and environmental-related infrastructure including clean water projects and other water resource projects can also consume large quantities of aggregates. For every billion spent on water and environmental infrastructure, we estimate 5 to 6 million tons of aggregates could be consumed along with 300,000 tons of asphalt mix and 200,000 cubic yards of concrete. Every billion dollar spent on building infrastructure could result in consumption of 2 to 3 million tons of aggregates, 200,000 tons of asphalt mix and 700,000 cubic yards of concrete. However, until such time as the stimulus plan assigned by the President and specific project lifts are available from the respective contracting agencies, it will be difficult to estimate the timing and magnitude of the incremental sales volumes and potential earning impact for Vulcan. Another development I want to touch on briefly is the status of the Lake Belt Litigation in South Florida. On January 30th, of 2009 the US District Court for the Southern District of Florida issued a ruling invalidating all permits approved in 2002 for limestone mining in the Lake Belt area of Miami-Dade, after being reversed on appeal previously. The ruling pertains The US Army Corps of Engineers issued permits to several companies including the permit issued to Vulcan's Miami quarry. The companies in the Lake Belt region affected by the ruling are preparing to appeal as soon as possible. The Lake Belt region historically has supplied as much as 50 to 55 million tons of aggregates to Florida markets, including Miami Jacksonville, Orlando and Tampa. As I mentioned, Vulcan has one quarry affected by the latest ruling. In 2008, Vulcan's Miami quarry sold approximately 1.5 million tons. The limestone reserves in this region also served as an important source of feedstock for the cement plants in Miami. Vulcan's cement plant in Florida is not in the Lake Belt and is not affected by this ruling. Our business has generated significant amounts of cash throughout different economic cycles. In 2008, we generated $624 million of cash earnings despite continued weakness in demand. We reinvested $415 million in our plants and equipment, returned $215 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and reduced total debt of $109 million. As we look forward to 2009, we expect another year of solid cash earnings, even without the benefit of the Economic Stimulus Plans. Our plants and equipment are in very good condition. Reinvestment in these assets over the last few years has increased production efficiency and capacity and reduced the average age of our rolling equipment. As a result, we expect capital spending in 2009 to be approximately $200 million, down sharply from the 415 in 2008. Last week, we issued $400 million of long-term debt to provide additional liquidity to supplement our bank facilities. Berkshire Hathaway was the sole investor in the transaction and we appreciate their confidence in our business. We expect to reduce total debt by $200 million during 2009. In closing, I would like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. The confidence comes from our successful strategy to establish an aggregates-focused business that has the compelling advantage of great locations in major U.S markets that are expected to experience above-the-average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future. The current economy is weak, but the Economic Stimulus Plan moving through Congress will provide much needed support for creating jobs and getting our economy back on track. For Vulcan, our daily discipline focused on cost control, margin improvement and cash generation, along with maintaining our long-term focus on serving our customers, building our business and creating value for our shareholders will lead us through these challenging economic times. Our organization is meeting the challenge in preserving the profitability of our business. Vulcan remains in the top quartile for total shareholder returns among all S&P 500 companies for 2008, as well as for the three-year and five-year periods ending in 2008. We thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now, if our operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Garik Shmois from Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Hi good morning. Just first off on your pricing guidance; 60%, pretty impressive for 2009 considering looking at probably for straight year volume declines. Just wondering, if you could talk about, you're obviously confident of that number but what markets are giving you particular confidence and will you be able to achieve that?
Donald James: I think, overall we are seeing the opportunities for price improvement. Some markets are weaker than others, but its' not focused on any one market. I would say it is generally overall.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. And just to be clear, your pricing guidance does not include the Lake Belt.
Donald James: It does not include any effect from the Lake Belt.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay, and just a follow-up on that point; are you seeing any weakness in the pricing in any of your markets?
Donald James: Well, yes. I think California has been weaker than normal. Other than that, I think there are some parts of Florida that have weakened, but overall our price increases have been good across the country.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay, I just lastly, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, you expect have a mid-single digit volume decline on the combined non-housing end markets. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you are seeing both on the non-res side and on the public works side?
Donald James: Well non-res, the buildings part of non-res was down about 8% in 2008, and I think we expect it to be down another 7% in 2009. That includes office buildings and retail hotels. There is not a great deal of strength in that end market. Other infrastructures, construction volume was down about 11% in 2008. We see that being down about 6% in 2009. The strong point there is we I think have said publicly is in large industrial and energy projects along the Gulf Coast which have been the bright spot for us over the last year and should continue to be and are continuing to be bright spot for us in 2009. Housing was extremely weak in 2008, which should come as no surprise. It was down about 37% and I think we believe it's going to be down about 19 or 20% more in 2009, down 37% in 2008. Highways were down about 9% in 2008. We expect that to be down may be 6%. There are several things working there. Obviously, the stimulus being one of them and the California infrastructure program being another one. Hopefully, California Legislature will vote on its budget this week. Right now those projects are stalled because of the budget issues in California. But with the passage of a budget which would free up the bond money, hopefully those projects can restart. But and as I said, all of these are without regard to the effect of whatever stimulus package gets passed in Washington in the next couple of weeks.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay, thanks for the detail Don. Just one quick follow-up on the large energy projects that you talked about in Gulf Coast. I know they've been source of stability for you. Are you seeing them continue in '09 or are you seeing actually maybe an influx of new projects that are going to be coming up on the books?
Donald James: I think it's the continuation of multiyear projects rather than starting of new project. You could say this Winston crop (ph) plant is just starting in '09 but it's really underway and has been underway in '08. So that will be... those are large multiyear projects. There is a large rail multi-model facility that's starting construction south of Chicago and that should continue for throughout 2009. Those are the two examples.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel from KeyBanc Capital Markets, please proceed.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen.
Donald James: Hi Chris.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: A couple of questions for you. Whenever we think about your debt that you have got sitting here today, what's the maturity schedule over the next six to twelve months that you are looking at?
Donald James: We have 250 million of bonds that we will pay off in April and then we don't have a significant bond repayment until the end of 2010 and it's in the $300 million range. There are small amounts of maturities coming due along the way but nothing large other than the weak maturities.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay are there any specific... what are the covenants within there that are most restricted to you? Are there any balance sheet-related covenants for shareholder equities and things ...
Donald James: Chris not in the bond transactions. No, in our bank lines of credit, we have a single covenant that debt-to-total capital and not to exceed 65%. Our current level is about 48%, so there is plenty of headroom there. The bond deals due have change to control provisions which are customary. But there is no other financial covenants in those bond deals as well as there is no coupon step-ups in the current outstanding bonds either.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, last question I had on the finance side is related to your dividend. I think you highlighted that it was about $215 or so million users of cash this past year. In light of... well, I guess we work for banks, so it's invoked the cut dividends. But when you think about usage of cash for the next twelve months, is it more important to you to continue to work down debt or how do you think about that dividend?
Donald James: Well, our Board will consider our dividend, quarterly dividend our board meeting end of this week. Certainly a factor we look at in addition to GAAP earnings or cash earnings, we had about $624 million of cash earnings in 2008 to support the $215 million dividend. So our Board will make that decision. But we continue to believe that reducing debt is important, but we also believe returning cash to shareholders when we have cash is an appropriate use of cash. So we will try to balance those priorities.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And last question I had was, in your volume outlook of down 5 to 10% for the full year, from a momentum standpoint coming out of the fourth quarter down I think 23% or so, do you think it's... you have some tougher comps in the first half versus back half or, how would you help us think about the momentum of that working through the year?
Donald James: Well, as we've said I think many times before Chris, you really can't draw momentum conclusions much from the fourth quarter or the first quarter, because weather tends to be a big factor in those quarters. Clearly demand is slowing, but as you point out, we will have more favorable comps in the second half of '09 compared to the second half of '08. We do our forecast on both a macro basis and a bottom-up basis and they both come in within this range. So we believe that while demand will continue to be weak in '09 that volumes should come in within that range, again ex the impact of an economic stimulus package and without taking into account whether the Lake Belt ruling will increase or decrease our volumes in Florida.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak from BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, Don.
Donald James: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to ask first, what sort of tax rate assumptions should we be using for 2009?
Donald James: Our tax rate we think will be about 27%.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: And I was going to ask about volumes as well. I guess a follow-up to the last question, ask a little differently. The guidance is down 5 to 10%, but it looks to me like there's no reason to think the first half of '09 would be any better than the second half of '08 when the volumes are down a little more than 20% on a same-on-same basis. Looking at things like housing permits are down as much as 50% right now, when you look at the seasonally adjusted rate. And if that's the case, the first half of '09 is down again 20% just to get to a down 10 for the year, you have to be about flat in the back half. I mean am I... the macro picture, am I missing something or how would that square with the way you guys see the world?
Donald James: Well I am not sure I followed your math there. But housing is a dramatically smaller portion of our business going into '09 than it was going into '08 and going into '07. So a large decline in housing has less impact on us now that it has been. Public infrastructure is a larger piece of our business going into '09 than it was going into '08 or '07. And that piece is holding up; holding up as better than most end markets. Certainly, and as I said, we did not include any impact of the potential stimulus package but that package will certainly increase the percentage of our shipments that go into publicly-funded infrastructure projects, which is the strongest demand segment, even without the infrastructure package as we move into 2009.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay that's helpful thank you. With regard to your pricing, your guidance above 6 to 8%. Would that be on a same product basis or would there be some mix effect, some mix shift that might be favorable in 2009?
Donald James: Well that's the total weighted, total average of our pricing over all products. So the mix shift, any mix shift both in terms of products and geographies is included in that guidance. I would say that we would expect to see greater shipments into public infrastructure projects and lower shipments into housing. There is always some geographic shift and product mix shift that goes on from year-to-year. But the 6 to 8% includes all of that. But I don't think there is any material change that would move that significantly one way or the other in geographic mix or product mix.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Kathryn Thompson, of Avondale Partners. Please proceed.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Hi, thank you.
Donald James: Hey Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Just a question regarding pricing. I know you gave your full year guidance, but in looking how pricing has trended on to $20 basis it's tended down pretty much of the last four quarters and then looking into '09, assume that there you see a similar trend going to Q1. It would imply fairly significant upside into the back half of the year in pricing. Are we thinking about that correctly or is there another way that you would guide us to think for '09?
Donald James: I'm not sure I understand the predicate of your question, pricing has continued to increase.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Don, I was just saying on a dollars basis, so on an unit basis
Donald James: Yes. Pricing in dollars is higher in '08 than it was in '07 by 7%.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Sure.
Donald James: Now the momentum --
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: That's what I'm taking about
Donald James: Has been reduced. But we think ...we think that as we look at '09, the opportunities for pricing will not be the same in every market for every product. But overall, as we roll it up we think the write-up price increase in '09 should be comfortable to that we achieved in '08.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: What I'm asking is do you expect the momentum improve in the back half of the year as opposed to having equal momentum throughout the year. That's really what I was asking?
Donald James: I don't have that much insight. I think it can vary from quarter-to-quarter. But we don't really look at it on that basis.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Okay. What is --
Donald James: Full year pricing is a much more reliable indicator to us than trying to talk about it quarter by quarter.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Sure. Absolutely, and really we're just looking for trends. I know that you'd announced a price increase and just wondering any color about how these are sticking?
Donald James: Are you talking about aggregates or --?
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Aggregates.
Donald James: We believe that we will get price increases again, they don't come at different times in different markets for different products and different end users. We have not had pricing... downward pricing pressure except with respect to Southwest Florida. That's been the one place where there's been some significant pricing pressure. In California with all the new work that's been rolling out, there's certainly been an eagerness on our part and everybody's part to build backlogs, which we've done. But we expect if that infrastructure program in California moves forward that the trends in California probably will resume.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Okay. I guess, just to clarify have you had any price increases announced for aggregates, specifically?
Donald James: Yes.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Yes. Okay, that's I...
Donald James: I'm sorry I didn't understand that. Yes, absolutely.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Alright. Sorry about the confusion there. Regarding volumes, could you just give a little bit of color about trends at the end of the quarter and your perspective on assuming a stimulus package would be passed by the 1st of March, your perspective on the flow of dollars into '09 and to 2010?
Donald James: If the first part of your question is asking what we are seeing about volume so far in '09, we don't disclose that until the end of the quarter and we're not a retail store that discloses weekly or monthly sales, I'm not trying to be difficult as just never been our practice, because there's so much seasonality from in our business particularly in the fourth and first quarters it's more misleading than it is helpful depending on how weather has been. With respect to second part of your question, Kathryn was, could you repeat that?
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Really, once again, most of my questions are based on trends and what's your outlook for the economic stimulus package?
Donald James: Okay sure. So much of... the reason, I think it's reasonably clear when you study the Senate Bill that will be voted on shortly and in a matter of hours now. In the house built, you can come up with plus or minus about $60 billion of projects that will used aggregate asphalt and concrete. We have... as I gave you in my remarks, we have metrics that have been developed over a time over how much aggregate content per billion dollars of spending and how much asphalt content and how much concrete content. What we will need to do to give more specific guidance on that is to look at what the projects are, where they are and what the timing is. It is harder for us to say how much of this is going to occur in the second half of '09 versus '10 than it is to say there is going to be X million tons of aggregate asphalt and yards of concrete. So right now assuming the bills pass and are signed by the President and something that is close to the Senate version or the House version, 60 billion of projects that use our material is a fair number. The harder thing is when that spending occurs spread over second half of '09, '10 and perhaps into '11. We'll continue to work on that once we are able to get the list of projects and the timing of those projects. But that's one reason why forecasting in the near term of the impact of that on our business is very difficult at this point.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Of course I understand difficulty. As you know we've been doing a lot of work on it, and it's liking us to say catching jell, it's very difficult. But really just little color on once again trends and flow and not specifics, because we're definitely not trying to manage quarter-to-quarter, just...
Donald James: Right, right. Well, just clearly I think I will... one trend we will see is that public infrastructure spending as a percentage of our total or public infrastructure demand as a percentage of total demand is going to continue to increase, which is a good thing for us. Housing will continue to decrease and the private buildings piece will probably also continue to decrease and large privately-funded infrastructure projects hopefully will have some stability for us in 2009, and hopefully, going on into 2010.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Okay. My final question really relates more to aggregate margins specifically. And the fairly wide swing in the quarter just reported and just to get a sense and how we model for the out year and it seems difficult to guess specific EPS guidance given current market. But at least conceptually, is it fair to think that roughly flat margins on the aggregate gross margins, is appropriate for fiscal '09 or any other qualitative color related to that would be very helpful? Thank you.
Donald James: As I indicated in our remarks, our cash margin per ton has continued to improve. The issue for us is the allocation of DD&A over a smaller number of tons, our DD&A for 2008 was $389.1 million. We project it will be about $402,5 million in 2009. If our volumes are in fact down 5 to 10% and we have to spread that slightly higher DD&A over larger tonnage, it will impact our GAAP margins. But our cash margins we think still have some opportunity to improve. Hopefully, you'll see improvement in cash margins but you may see the impact of DD&A on smaller production levels having a negative impact on the GAAP margins. If that helps any.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Yes, it does. We want to be completely secured and one has to... it gives us some sense of direction. That's all I have for right now. Thank you very much.
Donald James: Thank you, Kathryn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners from UBS. Please proceed.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi, good morning Don, Dan.
Donald James: Hello Timna.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Just got a few hopefully quick ones, let's on the price side, and I have to follow-up on that. But in the past you have talked a little about January price increases and then sometimes you may deal price increases. Can you give any sense from the 68% how much of that is already known to you from January price increases and how much might be... remain to be seen later in the year?
Donald James: I don't have that king of data. I mean we have some price increases that are in effect in January. We'll have some more that will along in the spring, perhaps some more in the summer. But that somebody always ask me that question and we've never been clever enough to figure out how to answer it.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, you wouldn't give a second average of the January price increases are any sense there.
Donald James: No because it's all over the board.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Got you, okay. And then on you did give a great detail but we use to have forecast for EPS and I am wondering if you could tell us why you might have excluded that for the upcoming quarter and for the full year.
Donald James: Well, there are couple of reasons one is trying to predict the timing of the effect of the stimulus package is very difficult for us. The other is the economy absent to stimulus package is very difficult for us to predict and we decided that it would be better for us to give you price, volume and elements of cost to let you do your own work than for us to try to predict EPS certainly for a quarter but even for the full year. As the year progresses, if the stimulus plan passes and if we get to a point where we have some level of confidence that is not or lack of confidence that is not reflected in the analyst estimates, we will consider guidance. But at this point, as you know we were wrong throughout much of 2008. And we need to get to a point where there is some predictability and stability in the economy and demand in order to have confidence in giving you EPS guidance.
Timna Tanners - UBS: That's fair. And I don't mean to be picky about this but could you give us a level of confidence in your volume and price forecast. As well can... that is sort of the same argument, you just said that at this point in time that to your best estimates of the things the influx?
Donald James: Yes, I think that's a fair statement.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, great. And final question from us, on the goodwill side that declined about $600 million quarter-to-quarter. Do we miss something there that you explained?
Donald James: What that was Kim is a reclassification of dollars from goodwill end of last year into other intangibles. At year end last year, we were... we had just close the Florida Rock transaction and had very limited time to fully evaluate the whole array of intangibles that were acquired with that business. And as you know, the accounting rules require you to, in a very detailed fashion try to identify all intangibles by items. And so what you're seeing is a shift of dollars out of goodwill which was kind of a holding account, if you will at last year end into an array of other intangibles. For the most part those other intangibles have to do with the value... the estimated value of the zoning and permitting that's in place at the aggregate production facilities. And that most of that shift from goodwill into other intangible will be become amortizable through the P&L over time, where as the amount that we made in goodwill will not.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay. And then along those lines do you have any comments that you can regarding the potential or the reasons why or why not you'd have to consider any write-down related to Florida Rock.
Donald James: At this point in time we've completed our year-end goodwill impairment testing and have not taken an impairment charge. So it's judgment of management that these assets are not impaired. But under the accounting rules that test occurs annually, right at the minimum. So we'll continue to look at it and so right now we've satisfied ourselves that we do not believe there has been an impairment.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay great, thank very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Trey Grooms from Stevens Incorporated. Please proceed.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Good morning.
Donald James: Hey Trey.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Hey. Just a couple of quick questions. Don one is related to competition; with pull back in diesel that we have seen since summer time, do you have any markets where you are seeing an increase in competition as we have got lower diesel prices and folks are eager to go further to find volume?
Donald James: Well that's certainly a possibility and that is some thing we will have to look at. That works both ways. Our shipping radius certainly improves some as do our competitors. So that's just one of the things that our guys have to take into account, every day, every week when they are bidding jobs and quoting prices.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: And I didn't know, when you are looking at your markets, you have got several way you have got great market share and I didn't know if there was just some in particular that you could point to and say yeah, these are the ones that we are worried about where there are some guys on the edges that are I guess kind of neck-neck to edges if you will and as diesel comes down, you can see this increase?
Donald James: Not. I don't think there is any particular markets where that's a bigger factor than in others. That's been part of this industry and part of this business for ever is the delivered cost of material and that's just the factor that we take into account in our whole pricing and competitive structure. We have competition in every market and it will then flow for a lot of reasons, including the price of diesel fuel.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay, that's helpful. And I know that this next question it gets more difficult as time goes on as you've indicated before, but could you give us an idea what legacy volume was in aggregates in the quarter as far as, how much it was down?
Donald James: Yeah, I do have that. Legacy volume was down in the fourth quarter about 26%.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay, that's helpful. And then you laid out some detail on kind of what's going on with GAAP margins and it sounds like its mostly a function of the volume there with the DD&A. Can you also give us an idea just where... kind of how the fixed versus variable structure kind of shakes out right now?
Donald James: Go ahead Dan.
Daniel Sansone: Of the cost of producing a ton of aggregates today, approximately 30 to 35% of that would be considered a fixed cost with a half to two-thirds of that fixed cost probably skewed more towards the two-thirds at the moment being depreciation, depletion and amortization. The rest being cash fixed costs associated with supervision and basic services at the manufacturing facilities.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay, that's helpful. And then Don, you gave us some metrics related to demand versus, I guess that would be generated from different amount spent and that was very helpful. But like for example the number that you gave for highway for every billion dollars spent, it was 14 million tons, is that a current prices for aggregates?
Donald James: Yes.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay and I guess my last question would be on the asphalt side?
Donald James: That number can move. I mean that's a number that's based on a lot of highway projects over a lot of years adjusted for throughout the year end '08 aggregate price.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay.
Donald James: Did that answer your question?
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Yes absolutely.
Donald James: How much of that we ultimately get at Vulcan depends on where it is. Whether we gets the work whether we don't, but we'll have a lot better calibration of that if we move down the timeline of when those projects get approved by Congress and when they're put out to bid by the contracting agencies.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Sure. One other question on CapEx, you'd kind of reiterated the $200 million for 2009. How close are we getting at that $200 million level. How close are we getting to kind of have bear bounds kind of maintenance CapEx for you guys?
Donald James: Well our five-year average replacement CapEx has been about $160 million about year and that's on legacy Vulcan. Of course we now have the Florida Rock assets as well. But, I think $200 million a year is ample for replacement CapEx. Obviously, other things that will come along to be profit improvement projects or volume improvement projects would not be necessarily included in that number. But, we think we're fine given our current state of our plant and equipment, to be able to maintain that effectively at 200 million a year.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay. And then I've just have two other quick questions. One is on price of aggregates. You've mentioned, you expect greater shipment in the infrastructure projects and less in the housing in 2009. Is there a much of a price difference as far on aggregates that going into those different end markets?
Donald James: I don't believe we would change our pricing guidance based on whether the stimulus bill passes or does not pass. It really, there is a volume impact but we don't believe there will be a price impact coming from the stimulus package.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay. But, so if, I guess if you are looking at it, with the demand being higher for infrastructure projects ex-stimulus, would just in general terms is infrastructure... aggregates that go into the infrastructure projects typically higher or lower or about the same price as something going into some top of the building or some top of residential construction?
Donald James: Pricing would generally be higher, because specifications are tighter. And often times we have a better competitive advantage on tight specification projects like federal highways and airports. Housing on the other end just typically would not have as high a specification. So there is a pricing benefit to public infrastructure, but it also cost us more to produce some of that high specification material. So there is not a dramatic margin differential between different end markets although pricing can be higher, it can push our cost.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay. And then my last question is just to make sure I understand, I understood one of your comments earlier on the 6 to 8% you'd mentioned that you have price increases out now. But did I hear you correctly that you have price increases now and also expect to have like a mid-year price increase as well?
Donald James: I know people can't get their head around this one, but we price material every day, every week and we don't put out a general overall U.S. price increase to all customers for all products on January 1, and another one on July 1. That's just not the way we price products. So, the answer to your question is, we are getting price increases every week somewhere. We generally put out some price increases at the beginning of the year and some at the beginning of the construction season in some markets and some in mid year. But you shouldn't try to force fit our pricing strategy into... we put out a 8% price increase on January 1 and we are able to get 4% of that, that's just not the way this business works.
Trey Grooms - Stevens Incorporated: Okay understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Fox from Fenimore Asset. Please proceed.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Hi good mornings everyone.
Donald James: Hi John.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Believe it or not, I have a couple of questions left.
Donald James: Good.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Could we get the actual dollar amount for liquid asphalt fourth quarter of '08, and fourth quarter of '07, please?
Donald James: Yes, I will get that for you in just a SEC.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay, and the second, while you are working on that I guess maybe for Dan. Do you anticipate and if so how much your contribution for your pension plan in 2009?
Daniel Sansone: There will no mandatory contribution for the pension plan in 2009.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Dan what's the nature of medium-term investments on the balance sheet?
Daniel Sansone: Those were some investments that we had back... had made back in 2008 in the reserve money market funds. And when they broke the buck, they slowed down their pace of redemption and that's what that money is. We have... we are continuing to receive distribution and but because it's unpredictable as to when we'll get the money, we have reclassified that out of cash and cash equivalents.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Do you believe that you will get it all?
Daniel Sansone: Okay great.
Daniel Sansone: Don... and by the way John, we received some $23 million or $24 million of distribution since the end of the year. So we are beginning to see that fund loosen up.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Alright great.
Donald James: John we buy liquid asphalt in four different states. So I won't give you the average price for'07 and '08.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: That would be fine.
Donald James: And you recognize we probably didn't buy single ton of liquid asphalt at this price anywhere, but this is the rollup of a lot of different transactions in lot of different locations. Our average price for liquid in 2007 was $321 and in 2008 it was $541. That price differential impacted our material margins in asphalt, which is the margin we make above the material cost. As I've said in my remarks, we have now been able to get our pricing for asphalt mix up to reflect that higher cost of liquid asphalt and our material margins are improving. We expect that to continue into 2009.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. So, was that the fourth quarter price or the average for those two years?
Donald James: Averaged for the year. You want fourth quarter?
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: If you have it.
Donald James: In the fourth quarter 2007, it was $342 a ton and for '08 it was $574 a ton.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil from Davenport & Company. Please proceed.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Thanks guys. Most of my questions have been answered, but just to kind of hit on a couple of things to clarify and make sure I'm not jumping to conclusions. When you refer to price weakness in Southwest Florida and in California, is that to say that prices have... your prices have actually fallen in those markets?
Donald James: More than Southwest Florida, I think California it's on a product-by-product basis, we're still getting some price increases. Our mix has shifted somewhat in California and that's changed the overall pricing. But California is okay and will be okay and Florida is going to be interesting with respect to the New Year's Lake Belt ruling what happens later?
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Well, Don I appreciate that. Could you just saying right into my next question which is, has anybody announced a price increase related to that recent ruling down in Lake belt?
Donald James: Not that I am aware of. I think everybody in the Lake Belt has shut down. Nobody is operating, there are a few packets. Some of the quarries that are not covered by the Lake Belt permit including a little bit in our Miami quarry. I think most producers have stockpiled raw materials, which they have mined already in the month pile that can be processed and there is probably a fair amount of inventory. I think everybody in that area is probably having to look at their hand to see what happens demand for cement, feedstock by the two large cement producers in the Lake Belt, will be an issue. But as it sits today, I don't think we know we have any price announcement that we are aware of by any of the producers yet. But it's only been as said about two weeks and it's in a period of low demand about from the economy as well as the time of the year. So I think that will play out over the next few months.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Okay and do you... any I realize that it's a relatively small issue for you guys. But any thoughts on how long as whatever stockpile you guys have done there will ask to you sell.
Donald James: Well we have got... we have several months of inventory on the ground. As you may know we did not run that quarry for a good portion of 2008, because of the prior ruling and then once that was reversed, we could resume production which we did. We also have the distribution and transportation and production capacity to continue to move material into Florida from Mexico, from Alabama and from Georgia as need be by ship and by rail. So I think there will be a lot of adjusting by the producers in Florida depending on Vulcan outcome of this. The Corps of Engineers permitting process which is ongoing, I think will also have a significant impact on the future of supply in Florida and that of course is not yet known where The Corp is going to come out on all this.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Got it. On the liquid asphalt you mentioned that you got all the contracts rolling off and new is coming on. Given that liquid prices have come down, are you now seeing the prices on your sort of newest quoted contracts for asphalt mix also coming under pressure, are they're coming down a little bit sort of follow on liquid price down?
Donald James: Well as we've said in 2008, our pricing for asphalt mix or the fourth quarter certainly was up. I think that's every project bid and it's hard to say at this point whether what the relationship between liquid asphalt price and asphalt mix price will be. There's a lot of different dynamics in terms of location and jobs and there is certainly not a direct correlation. Typically we do worse on margins in periods of rising liquid asphalt cost and better on margins in period of declining liquid asphalt cost.
Daniel Sansone: The way I would think about it is you have as the cost of liquid asphalt stabilizes, many of the market are just returning to what I would describe as historical levels of margins, not distorted by the pace of the change in that input costs?
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Got it. And final question, one for Dan. On debt-to-cash covenant; two questions. Is that a net debt covenant or a total debt and how is the goodwill treated under that?
Daniel Sansone: Total debt to cap, and goodwill is in the well I mean, yeah I mean its debt in capital, I mean it's debt and equity, so it's in there.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: So, if you had... so I understand that you guys have already tested for this year. But if you did take a write-down that would affect your debt-to-cap ratio.
Daniel Sansone: Yes, yes it would.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Okay. Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aynsley Lammin from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: Hi, good morning. Just another one, fortunately. But in aggregate, if you could just give us a feel for how much inflation is already in the system and I presume that the year end aggregates price was higher than the average for 2008. And then just secondly on the non-res I think, I heard you right. Kind of expected non-res work for demand in the areas to be down around 7% in 2009, that's been quite surprising given how much restrained the kind of lead indicators and other companies just talk about. How quickly non-res has pulled away. If you could just give us some kind of background for that, expectations will be great?
Donald James: With respect to... if I understood your first question has to do with how much of our projected 6 to 8% price increases already in place. Let me say for about the fourth time, I don't know. That's not the way we price our products. So I can't answer that question as I ask. And it's not... it's just because we don't do, we don't have metrics on pricing that's once a year or twice a year or three times a year. With respect to the projection for non-residential buildings, we saw some decline in that in 2008. We see some more decline in 2009, but these are our markets, the counties that we serve not the total U.S. so there may be some differential there. And with in non-residential building there are probably some overlap between what I'll call private infrastructure. And the non-residential buildings category includes public building as well. So if you've driven through a college campus lately you know there is a tremendous amount of construction generally going on there and than they are state and local facilities as well as federal facilities including the big barrack programs, base realignment and closure programs which are very significant in many of our markets where the military are building new facilities, as they close bases and move things to other bases. So all of that rolled up together is in the non-res building category which is both public and private that may be the place that you are seeing disconnected, if you are not putting the public piece in that category.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: Okay, just on the price, I was trying to ask the question of how much do already been kind of price. Just if you have a feel for, how much rolling over was from 2008, or was that probably you are going to --
Donald James: Well, some of it clearly is rolling over, meaning is already in place. I can't quantify what that is
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Please proceed.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions
Donald James: Good morning
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Just on the pricing guidance. Obviously, thanks every much for the forecast there in terms of aggregate and asphalt. And it looks like Q4 price for concrete looks a little bit better. Do you have any sense or can you give any direction where you see pricing go into that business or for that product going forward?
Donald James: Well, concrete... there has been a large reduction in concrete volume throughout the U.S, first from housing now from at least a privately-funded portion non residential buildings. We expect concrete pricing to be relatively stable in '09. Not any significant opportunity for increases or any pressure for erosion volumes are down there. And until housing begins to recover that's concrete volumes are likely to stay relatively flat.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Okay great. Thank you. And then I guess just a broader question in terms of I mean were there any particular states I guess that surprised you had a positive or negative in terms of recorded volumes in the quarter?
Donald James: Well the strongest markets we have had for 2008 as a whole and to try to do it on quarterly basis would be distorted, but the entire Gulf Coast has been our strongest market, from Texas to Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama. That's where those have been our best markets. And that surprises a lot of people but that's the reality of where our demand has been strongest.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Okay great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Yes. Good morning.
Donald James: Hey Mike.
Daniel Sansone: Hi Mike.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Hi. I had three questions if I could. You will be relieved none of them to do with pricing. The first one is Don, can I just ask you in terms of cost; you have obviously talked about asphalt and diesel. Are there any other pressure on the this year, I mean people across I mean they like it to be fairly flat or general inflation of 2 or 3%. Could you give me some kind of guidance on what sort of cost increases you like to see on the other stuff?
Donald James: You know, we'll see some price I mean wage increases for our hourly workforce. We expect to more than make it up with productivity and efficiency. Steel components were a factor in 2007-2008, not so much a factor are in 2009. So, when our... so, I think the things that will move the needle in 2009 will be diesel fuel and liquid asphalt and electricity may have an impact although at lower production levels we hope income manage our demand charges efficiently to try to limit the rate of increase in electricity cost.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay.
Donald James: So those will be the major categories.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: My second question to you Don, in the statement and you mentioned when you spoke, you were talking about the legacy businesses' shipments '05 to '08 were down about 30% that was legacy. Do you have any idea how much Florida Rock's volumes have declined during that period?
Donald James: I have for the period we've owned Florida Rock which would be basically full year '08 shipments and aggregates were down about 34%
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay, thank for that.
Donald James: And the vast majority of that would be in Florida. Our other quarries in Georgia, Virginia and Maryland and Alabama that came with part of the Florida Rock acquisition, track of largely our performance in those markets from our legacy operations.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you for that. My final question is probably for you Dan. How much of your debt is now floating rate based on LIBOR and I'm not going to follow-up question once I get that answer from you.
Daniel Sansone: I've got that here, just let me look at up Mike. We come out of this way about at this point in time, just under $1 billion of our debt would be floating rate and the remainder of it is going to be fixed rate. We have a total about $3.6 billion. Yes, it's around 60:40 at the moment. 60 fixed, 40 floating.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Right. I guess what I was coming to Dan is I'm a bit... I mean obviously you've got the debt that you've just fixed, which adds probably $30 million to the interest charge. But I would have thought on the floating there was quite a big benefit from the decline in LIBOR, U.S. LIBOR or LIBOR rates. Am I missing something that you have any hedges or anything else, or I might just wrong on that? Is it more a comparison in terms of yester rates declined for LIBOR in the last three months, but it's probably a function of what it did before that?
Daniel Sansone: Well, you're right. LIBOR rates have declined considerably and the recent transaction we did obviously moved $400 million out of floating rate short-term debt into fixed rate and long-term debt. That transaction was done principally to ensure adequate liquidity to meet the refunding, the repayment obligation as we have in 2009 without putting too much strain on our bank lines to give us adequate operating flexibility.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. But there's no... on you're LIBOR floating debt, it just moves with LIBOR. There's no kind of a hedging that you've done at all on that?
Daniel Sansone: That's correct. Our LIBOR-based bank borrowing is just that, it's LIBOR plus a spread.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Right. That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session for today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Don James for closing remarks.
Donald James: Well thank you for being with us today. We appreciate your interest and your questions. I think, at this point I would urge you to not only pay attention to what's happening in the overall economy but also focus on what will happen in Washington with the stimulus plan and ultimately, pay attention to what happens with the Lake Belt ruling in Florida. Those are probably the things that will have the greatest impact on Vulcan's 2009. Although until we have better visibility in those factors, predicting what that impact will be or quantifying what that impact would be in quantifying the timing of that impact, remains a challenge for us. But those are all significant events for us. We look forward to talking with you again after the first quarter to be and hopefully will be able to give you some more information on each of those items at that point. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman and CEO Daniel F. Sansone - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners Timna Tanners - UBS John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Michael Betts - JPMorgan Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2008 Vulcan Materials' Earnings Conference Call. My name is Gina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Thanks for joining this conference call to discuss our third quarter results and outlook for the remainder of 2008. I am Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan and we hope our remarks and dialogue and Q&A today will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ron McAbee, Senior Vice President, West; and Danny Shepherd, Senior Vice President, east. Before I begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, Descriptions to these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. During the third quarter, we experienced reduced demand for our products due to a variety of factors. Construction activity weakened further as a result of economic uncertainty, turmoil in the financial markets, higher credit standards and higher energy related construction costs. Adverse weather from major hurricanes and tropical storms slowed shipments in August and September in markets along the central Gulf coast, in Texas and in Florida, and then those storms moved up through the upper Midwest and through the mid-Atlantic markets. As a result aggregate shipments declined 13% versus the prior year. Higher energy related input costs accounted for approximately $0.38 per share of the total year-over-year decrease in earnings. Increased costs for liquid asphalt used to make asphalt mix and diesel fuel used to operate our large mobile equipment fleet accounted for most of this year-over-year decrease in earnings per share. Our average price paid for liquid asphalt increased a 106% from the prior year third quarter reducing earnings $0.25 per share. The average price paid for diesel fuel in the third quarter increased 51% compared to the prior year lowering earnings another $0.08 per share. Our management teams are running their businesses well in an extremely tough economic environment. In particular, I want to emphasize their effectiveness at managing controllable cost while continuing to gain price improvements despite lower shipments. To underscore this point a ton of Vulcan aggregates today generates more cash earnings for us than it did last year at this same time and significantly more than at the peak of the construction cycle in 2005. This fact highlights a solid fundamentals of Vulcan's aggregate business, capabilities of our organization and the attractiveness of the markets we serve. The average freight adjusted unit sales price for aggregates increased approximately 6% from the prior year's third quarter. The current downturn in demand for aggregates began in the second quarter of 2006. We have since recorded 10 consecutive quarters of lower shipments and 10 consecutive quarterly increases in the average selling price of aggregates. We approach pricing for aggregates product-by-product, customer-by-customer in every market we serve. This is why we do not make across the board price increases. The 6% increase in aggregates prices in the third quarter was achieved despite declines in shipments in several of our higher price markets, that were proportionally greater than the overall decline. Changes in product mix such as relatively more base materials for large industrial projects as opposed to clean stone ready-mix concrete and asphalt negatively affected our average selling prices. Average selling price was also affected by the unfavorable shift in geographic market mix due to relatively lower sales volumes and higher price markets such as California and up and down the east coast and relatively higher volumes and lower price markets such as Texas along the Gulf coast. During the quarter, we continued to adjust production levels to match our lower level of demand. Our plant managers did an excellent job of managing cost in the quarter despite the outward pressures caused by higher energy prices and lower volumes. Key operating parameters that measure labor efficiencies at our production site show that we have made improvements over last year's third quarter. This contributed to higher cash earnings per ton of aggregates compared to a year ago. Excluding energy-related costs, such as diesel fuel and electricity, our unit variable production cost in legacy Vulcan aggregates operations were actually down slightly from the prior year's third quarter. Additionally cash fixed cost at legacy Vulcan aggregate operation were approximately 10% lower than the prior year's second quarter… prior year third quarter rather. The effectiveness of these cost control measures demonstrates the greater production flexibility of an aggregates plant versus continuous process manufacturing facilities used in many other industries. Earnings for our asphalt and concrete segment were lower than the prior year's third quarter due to lower earnings from our asphalt mix business. Asphalt mix prices increased approximately 18% from the prior year's third quarter. However, we were not able to increase prices fast enough to offset the sharp increase in the prices we pay for liquid asphalt. The average unit price we pay for liquid asphalt at the end of the third quarter was 106% higher than the prior year's third quarter. And approximately 38% higher than the average unit price, we paid at the end of the second quarter of this year. The rapid escalation of liquid asphalt prices during the second and third quarters made it difficult for us to increase our selling prices for asphalt mix fast enough to cover these costs. We expect some of this timing difference to dissipate in the fourth quarter of this year, if liquid asphalt prices remain at current levels or continue to decline. Selling, administrative and general expenses in the current year's third quarter were approximately $76 million versus $66 million in the prior year. Legacy Vulcan SAG expenses declined 11% versus the prior year. The overall increase was due to the inclusion of rock operations. Turning to our outlook for 2008, we expect demand for our products to remain weak through the end of the year. The prolonged downturn in residential construction continued in the third quarter and that end market should remain weak for the rest of the year. New construction contract awards for many non-housing related end markets have also slowed due to weakness in the economy and volatility in the financial markets. Large industrial and transportation projects continue to be a bright spot in a number of our markets. Vulcan is currently supplying a number of such projects throughout sunbelt states and in the upper Midwest. We expect an echo effect on aggregates demand to continue for many years as a result of these projects, which will result in major additional economic growth in the affected areas. Some examples of these projects include the automobile manufacturing plants for Volkswagen and Kia in Tennessee and Georgia. A large new greenfield steel plant, a new railcar manufacturing plant and a refinery expansion here in Alabama, LNG energy project and a port expansion in Mississippi, a tank terminal in Louisiana, and a major intermodal rail yard in Illinois. These types of projects typically require large quantities of aggregates to be shipped over several years. In recent weeks a second economic stimulus package has been gaining momentum in Washington. Infrastructure spending is being increasingly viewed by policy makers in congress, by governors, by mayors and state DOTs as an important element of any proposed financial stimulus program. Industry associations are actively engaged in these discussions and are working with other stakeholders emphasize how investing in infrastructure projects will help bring meaningful and long lasting positive changes in employment and to the economy. The American association of State Highway and Transportation officials has identified some 18 billion in ready-to-go highway and bridge projects around the country that could be in construction within 90 to 120 days of enactment of stimulus legislation. A letter from a group of prominent economists to the Federal Reserve chairman and the Treasury secretary on October 24th estimated that there are 15 billion to 20 billion worth of transportation projects, which could be put out to bid in the next 30 days leading to contractors on site in the next 60 to 90 days. You are aware house bill 7110, which passed the house, which included 36 billion in infrastructure projects, US conference of mayors has recently proposed a $150 billion stimulus package with about $90 billion of infrastructure spending. Last week the Transportation and Infrastructure committee held a public hearing to examine a proposal of about $175 billion to $200 billion of stimulus including about $75 billion of infrastructure spending. Vulcan strongly supports efforts to promote infrastructure spending at the near term economic stimulus and as a means of putting capital to work in America. Aggressive infrastructure investments will improve our economic productivity and our competitive position in the global economy. While infrastructure funding is part of a second stimulus packages of vital importance and we support it's a good passage. Implementation of such package would not benefit aggregates demand, obviously for the remainder of 2008. Full year aggregate shipments including the Florida Rock operation for the full year are expected to decline by 9% to 10% compared to last year. Aggregate pricing is expected to increase 7% from last year's levels. We expect to achieve this price improvement in spite of lower shipments in our higher price markets, Particularly Florida and California. And market environment that recognizes the high cost of replacing reserves has been a key factor in helping us achieve price improvement despite the 10 consecutive quarters of lower volumes. Our outlook assumes that the reduction in diesel fuel prices that began in the third quarter will continue in the fourth quarter. Even though liquid asphalt prices did not decline in the third quarter, October pricing is showing some evidence of price relief and we expect our asphalt earnings to benefit from a modest price decline for liquid asphalt in the fourth quarter. Overall, we now expect consolidated earnings from continuing operation to be in the range of $2.25 to $2.45 per diluted share. And we expect EBITDA of $900 million to $940 million for the year. In the fourth quarter, we expect to reduce total debt by $150 million. This will be achieved through the use of approximately a $100 of cash that we had on our balance sheet on September 30 and through operating cash flows in the fourth quarter. Our plant and equipment are in very good condition. Reinvestment in these assets over the last few years has increased production efficiency and capacity and reduced the average age of our mobile equipment. As a result, we are evaluating every capital project, whether underway or not yet started for opportunities to reduce cash spending. These efforts have lowered our projected capital spending for 2008 to approximately $425 million and our capital budget for 2009 is approximately $200 million. In closing, I'd like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. This confidence comes from our successful strategy to establish an aggregates Vulcan business and has the compelling advantage of great locations in major US markets that are expected to experience above average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future. It is certainly true that these were challenging economic times, but our organization is meeting the challenge and preserving our profitability in our businesses by staying focused on pricing our products to reflect their great value and the attractive markets we serve. And by aggressively managing costs, we continue to create value for our shareholders. We thank you for your continuing interest in Vulcan. Now, if our operator will give the required instructions, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question is from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Avondale Partners. Please proceed.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Hi, thank you.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Kathryn.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: I just had a couple pricing questions related to your aggregate side. What was the pricing at the end of the quarter, if you can give that, and were there any changes versus the average price for the quarter. And also, point out a little bit further, we also saw double-digit price increases in the Southeast, could you also talk about a little bit more about regional pricing differences in some of your key states?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Kathryn, before I answer your question, I want to commend you on the write-up you did on infrastructure programs that are pending in Congress now. I commend that anyone who is interested in following the various proposals that are out there, it's… I think is very well done. Pricing for the quarter is right at…
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 996
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 996, right at $10 a ton.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 943 or so
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's up from about 943 or so last year.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Were there any changes in the quarter, one trend we have been watching is that in certain markets there have been some price slippage as the quarter progressed, I'm just trying to get a better sense, were you seeing--?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As I mentioned, our overall price increases about 6%. Now, that has affected not only by the price of individual products and individual markets, but it's also our average price is affected by the product mix that is whether it's based on or railroad ballast and is always affected by geographic mix. So as you know, we have the highest prices. We have relatively higher prices on the markets on the east coast, particularly Florida, and in California. And then in the middle of the country, our prices tend to be lower in Texas, the Gulf Coast and up in the Midwest. So as volume, as relative volume moves around that has an impact on pricing and as we bring, as you know, we've brought several new operations into Vulcan primarily in the west, and generally when we buy a quarry their pricing is not as good as our own legacy pricing, so that's... and we have brought in three new operating quarries, we've had them really for the first full quarter and the third quarter all in California and those have led their pricing is lower than ours.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Kathryn, I'd also add if you look at our prices for the month of September, across the whole system they were slightly higher than what the average price was for the third quarter.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Okay.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If you start looking at individual business units, there's a couple that had a September average price that was a little bit lower than the quarter than we had obviously more that posted September numbers that were actually higher than the quarter average. But across the whole company, the month of September standalone was about $0.09 or $0.10 higher than the third quarter average.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Now, certainly there are markets and pockets where an individual producer decides that they need to try to build volume by cutting price, that happens, it's happening today, we see it, we respond to it. But so far those are certainly there, but that's not the general trend in the industry that we see and we monitor other public companies reporting statements about price changes and we're, you know, encouraged by what we see.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Okay. And kind of touching on your comments on assuming that nothing changes, there's not a stimulus package that's passed, where do you see pricing trends going into the next fiscal year. And then where would you see pricing if there were an infrastructure heavy stimulus package that passed?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have not built our model for how we see pricing yet in 2009. So I can't give you any specifics on that. Generally, we believe the environment of limited reserves and very high cost of replacement reserves will not change going into 2009. We would expect to continue to get price increases in 2009, I can't quantify that today, I will quantify that for you as we… when we give our '09 guidance. A stimulus package will certainly help pricing, although I don't think it would dramatically change average pricing in the near term. I think that's driven more by other factors than demand. Now, if one of the things… if the stimulus money goes into areas of infrastructure with tighter specifications like federal highways and airports, that will change product mix. And when you change product mix, move to higher price products, you will see the average pricing go up, but it's a product mix change more than anything else.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Sure.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If that makes sense to you.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Yeah, it does, it does. And just a final question for you, switching gears to volume. Kind of on the same line as pricing, what type of trends were you seeing with volume as the quarter progressed and since the end of the quarter and any type of color on visibility for volume?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, volume in the third quarter is indicated in my remarks was negatively affected by a number of things. I think certainly the economic conditions of the turmoil in the financial markets and availability of credit are all negatives for our volume. But we also had some really tough weather conditions in some of the markets where we were having our larger… relatively larger volume shipments, that is Texas, the Gulf Coast. And then we had a lot of, a lot more rain days in this year's third quarter in the vast majority of our markets than we did a year ago. And while we don't like to make weather excuses for volume, I think on the margin that certainly had an impact in the third quarter, although, the basic problem is economic conditions and the credit market.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Okay. Great, thank you very much, I'll jump back in the queue.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with UBS. Please proceed.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Timna, how are you?
Timna Tanners - UBS: Good, thanks. Wanted to ask along the lines of the financing a little bit more detail. If you could give us an update on the status of the bank borrowing and also with regard to the April $250 million and the $50 million that was supposed to be due this fourth quarter, yes, the $150 million will pay down a good chunk of that in the fourth quarter, but first quarter is not usually very good quarter seasonally for cash flows. If you could give us a little more detail on plans. Thanks.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Dan [inaudible] question.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Thanks.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Timna, as you know, we… as you pointed out we have some maturities that come due in the fourth quarter, about $48 million worth. We have very small maturity due in the first quarter of next year of only $15 million. And then in the second quarter of 2009, we have maturities totalling $265 million. As of right now, our short-term borrowings are just at a $1 billion, give or take, that number changes slightly every day. We have currently in place a five-year syndicated bank facility that has four years of life remaining on it. That facility is a $1.5 billion. So we think we have with… excuse me… with the debt reductions that we expect to generate in the fourth quarter, in fact, we've already paid down since the quarter end about $123 million of debt since September 30th. With that pay down and the additional amount we expect to pay down between now and December 31st, as well as the capacity that we have on the five-year facility, we think we have ample liquidity to meet those maturities without any difficulty. In addition, we have a 364 day syndicated bank facility that will expire in the middle of November of this year and we're currently in the process of renewing that with our bank group. We are confident that the facility will be renewed, although it will not be renewed for $500 million, it probably will be at an amount somewhere in the neighborhood of $250 million to $300 million. So when you put that on top of the $1.5 billion of borrowing capacity that we have, we have more than ample room to meet these obligations. In addition, the good news that we've seen in the last few days is a thawing of the commercial paper market for A2, P2 issuers such as Vulcan. 10 days ago that market was either not open or was extraordinarily expensive. Starting at the end of last week, we began to see commercial paper rates for tier-two issuers get back in line and we currently have actually issued about $230 million of commercial paper replacing a bank borrowings on the bank lines at attractive rates of about 3%. So we're, I think we're in good shape for being able to meet the maturities that are coming in the next two quarters.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay. And can you remind us about your status relative to the covenants. I didn't think there were --?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There's only one covenant in our bank agreements and that covenant is that debt-to-total capitalization cannot exceed 65%.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Yeah.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We were at about 48% at the end of the third quarter. We think there's very, very, very limited chance that we'd ever breech that covenant, we're not at all worried about that.
Timna Tanners - UBS: That makes sense, okay. The next question I really wanted to ask about is can you help me understand how the economists and I think it's [Esto] that was talking about how quickly financing could be put to work with available construction within 90 to 120 days, how do things move that quickly, can you talk to us a little bit about how conceptually how that could happen.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Several months ago, I think the state DOTs were all told by the Federal Highway Administration to ask what projects do you have that are engineered, ready to go out to bids, that are… that will put people to work very quickly. And these are jobs that would be resurfacing and to some extent lane additions, not big engineering projects with dirt moving necessarily or bridges, but things that would be labor-intensive like resurfacing and the DOTs responded, that's where you get the $18 billion of projects that are ready to go. So the process would be putting those up for bids, getting a bid, awarding the contract, and having the contract a mobilization schedule and starting work within a relatively short period of time. And there are plenty of highway contractors who can mobilize very quickly today, because of the relatively low volume out there. We certainly can mobilize to supply the materials very quickly. So this is a, this is a very job rich part of a proposed stimulus package that not only generates something of benefit to the economy once it's finished, but will really put a lot of people to work in a hurry, which I think everybody, all the economists that have looked at this and state/local officials are all in complete agreement that this will generate a lot of jobs for people who probably need jobs because of the downturn in construction and residential construction, and certainly in aggregate plants, in concrete plants and asphalt plants and truck drivers. So we're, we believe that the case is made for quick hit infrastructure spending as part of the next stimulus package. I think the person has got to be convinced of that probably lives in the White House.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, great, thank you. And then just to clarify finally is when you're talking about the stimulus package spending, we're not just talking about federal spending, of the half of your sales that usually go to infrastructure are public works, you're talking about both federal and state influence then not just the federal side.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The stimulus package that's get in the most press right now is the one in Washington for federal dollars. But as you know, governor Crist in Florida came out recently and said they've got 1.4 billion of quick hit highway projects in Florida that they're about to kick-off. And he earlier said that there was about $25 billion of infrastructure projects in Florida that he had ordered his administration to accelerate and cut the red tape and get them out for bids and get them going. So we've got that one in Florida as you're well aware of the big infrastructure spending program in California, that was not initially envisioned as a stimulus package. But it certainly is going to stimulate the construction economy in California. It's very large. The voters added to that Tuesday by approving maybe $10 billion more in bonds for school and college building construction. So there's a lot, there's a tremendous amount of support both at the federal level and the state level for infrastructure generally and as a stimulus package, and we believe we will… we're cautiously optimistic that certainly by the time Congress comes back after the inauguration that those things will move forward very quickly whether they can get it done in a meaningful way between now and the meeting of the new Congress and new President is a tougher question.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak from BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Jack Kasprzak, how are you?
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you, Don, I was going to say it myself, but you did a better job than I could even. My first question is can you remind us how many gallons of diesel fuel that you guys use per year.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to get one of my colleagues to write that down for me.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: About 45 million gallons at current operating rates. We would love for that to go up.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Sure, sure and price to come down. And on that note, I mean, obviously oil prices are down and these various energy costs are coming down. Another large aggregate supplier indicated last week when they reported earnings that they thought it could be down diesel $0.50 to a $1 a gallon in '09, obviously it's been very volatile. But would you care to quantify, give us any projection about the price of diesel in '09.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have… we didn't prepare our remarks for '09. We certainly have in our procurement group people who study that and have a lot of data. I don't know what it is. Certainly it's come down significantly so far in '08. And depending on whatever starting point you want, but it's I think is a lot more than $0.50 in '08.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're about… we're looking at about, if everything holds together Jack, it could be a $0.75 decline based on what we're seeing today. But as you know, it's a very volatile, unpredictable market.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're talking about '09?
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Just if it stayed where it is and the comp going through '09.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: And then --
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's not a guidance number, that's really looking at the futures markets.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Understood. Okay. With regard to your cement plant have you guys taken that down for any extended period of time or do you plan to?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We took it down twice in the third quarter and we will do that as necessary going forward to match production and demand.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Cemex had announced a big concrete price increase $25 a yard. Are you seeing that in Florida? What impact, if any, has that had in your Florida market?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think those prices in many markets are sticking. Now, there are individual markets where there is an independent producer that may decide to not follow that, but certainly that has had an impact.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Right. Okay. And lastly, just more of a general question on the subject of housing, but are you seeing any indication anywhere in your markets that housing has bottomed?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's interesting when you look at our concrete shipments they are not… the legacy Vulcan concrete shipments are down only 1% from a year ago. Florida, they're down certainly low double digits. But I can't really tell you we've seen anything that looks like a bottom in housing from a macro standpoint and from a data standpoint. But it does appear that among product lines concrete is holding up very well, which had some impact. Our northern concrete business in Virginia and Maryland is doing very well. A lot of that is commercial industrial and transportation as opposed to housing.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Okay great thank you Don.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. please proceed.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Hi. It's Garik Shmois in for David. First question is on commercial construction that Don you said, you are seeing some stability still in the heavy manufacturing and industrial work. Is it possible to parcel out how much of your commercial business is tied to this heavy stable demand and how much is tied to more cyclical I guess office and retail?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that mix is shifting greatly. Coming from the period from the collapse of the tech sector and the 9/11, industrial construction tanked office building construction tanked retail was the only part of that that was strong. That has now rolled over and industrial is very strong at least in our markets retail has certainly weakened sharply. And we expect while office buildings have… are not nearly as sensitive as retail to the overall economic environment, they are very sensitive to the financial crisis. And so we think that generally office buildings and retail will continue to be weak and that's we can look at… you can look at contract awards and see that happening. The industrial projects though are large already financed really based on energy and automotive and transportation in our markets. And those are all… those are helping and they have a… as we said they have a substantial echo effect. But, overall, we expect private non-res area to be down full year '08, but the strongest part for us of these large projects, which we can reach efficiently through our series of quarries and transportation assets.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you for that. And switching gears to asphalt, you're expecting to see higher prices in the fourth quarter relative to the third, but we're seeing liquid asphalt costs come down to sort of...
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: How sustainable is asphalt pricing just beyond the fourth quarter?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there is always a lag between the pricing of asphalt mix and the pricing of liquid asphalt. We got caught on the wrong side of the lag in the third quarter, while our prices were up 18% for mix our prices for liquid which is 5% of the basic the weight of asphalt mix was up 106%. Generally, where we do best in asphalt mix is when there has been a period of rising liquid and then it peaks and it starts down, and then our lower price contracts get worked off and our higher priced contracts start rolling forward. So, we think we'll get a benefit certainly in the fourth quarter from that lag effect. And hopefully, it will continue into '09.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks. And just my last question is on goodwill. Dan, I was just wondering if you could talk about the process that you use to review it and maybe the timing of when you are usually testing this impairment.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Give you the short answer. We've taken a real hard work at the goodwill that we have on our books flowing out of the Florida Rock transaction. And are as confident as we can be at this point in time that we're not facing a goodwill impairment. We, typically, do that early in the first quarter of each year. We have historically used a discounted cash flow model to evaluate the value of the underlying business units that are carrying goodwill. And we have about eight or nine distinct reporting units that are carrying various amounts of goodwill that we test. And as we… as you would imagine, we're in the final stages right now of finalizing our purchase accounting adjustments for the Florida Rock transaction. You have 12 months from the date of closing to finalize those numbers. And so, we have some pretty real time estimates of what the values of the underlying business units are. And as of right now, we feel pretty good that we do not have an impairment.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks. Actually just one more quick question if I can.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Just going back to the potential infrastructure stimulus package just, Don real quick, the 18 billion that you cited in quick start projects, how much of that money could actually be aggregates?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have an estimate of that. I am sure, we can come up with one. It certainly depends on the nature of the projects. But the quick start projects will all be aggregate intensive, that's almost by definition. It won't be right away acquisition. It won't be a lot of dirt moving. It won't be a lot of engineering, so it will be aggregate intensive. But I think of the 18 billion, this doesn't answer your question, but it is another data point about 12 billion of that is in our market. 6 billion is not. So two-thirds of that 18 billion… and we've got the list from every state DOT about the quick hit projects they have proposed to the Federal Highway Administration. So, we are in good shape there. And there is some aggregate intensity factors we use for various kinds of infrastructure spending. But we haven't run that through these models yet. But it will be a significant benefit to the aggregates business. It'll also be a significant benefit to our asphalt business and to a lesser extent to our concrete business. So, all of those will benefit from the infrastructure spending not just aggregates.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Great thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ajay Kejriwal with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, and good morning gentlemen. Just following up on that 18 billion stimulus spending, I mean could you talk about the nature of those projects are they SAFETEA-LU funded meaning if this spending were not to come about, would those projects still be funded under SAFETEA-LU or are these additional projects that have been identified?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, these are projects that would ultimately be funded out of the regular… to the extent they are highway projects. They would be ultimately funded through the regular funding sources. This stimulus would accelerate those and then those projects that get built under the stimulus package would then be replaced by the backlog of projects. I think this would not be accelerated spending, which would reduce infrastructure spending down the road because we'd run out of projects, if you look at all of the state backlogs and you look at all the data, we are so far behind on infrastructure spending particularly highways that there is a never ending supply of very significant projects out there to fund. We just haven't funded them for the last 10 or 12 years. And so, we're very optimistic that these are all good projects. They are projects that would be built anyway. It's just accelerating the spending on these particular projects. These projects would all be replaced by new projects coming down the pipeline. And there is some conversation in Washington, which I think is very positive that these projects would be reviewed at some level for their efficiency and their need… current need as opposed to being things that have gotten flat for being earmarked. We don't see… none of these projects would be things that are unnecessary spending, which I think is a critical point in this environment.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Basically the point there is that if these projects were to be funded, they would not cannibalize on your existing funding that would come through the SAFETEA-LU channels?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's certainly our view which we think is well founded and well recognized throughout the infrastructure funding community.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Just trying to frame how much this could result in additional aggregate demand, maybe if you could help us with how much of the cost of a resurfacing project is aggregate? Is it in the 5% to 10% ballpark or is it a different number?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a good number probably 8% or 9% is an estimate. It will vary from project to project but there is a fair amount of aggregate. The flip side of that we always say there is no price elasticity of demand. You're not going to build a highway project or not build a highway project because of the price of aggregate, which is absolutely true. But aggregates are a modest portion, but nevertheless, for us a significant portion of the stimulus.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: And moving to CapEx, blot [ph] the cut in CapEx budget for next year, maybe, if you could talk about how much is maintenance? In the past, you had characterized maintenance CapEx as in-line with DD&A
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: And that $200 million would be substantially below DD&A. So is there any postponement of maintenance to 2010 or what are we seeing there?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have the advantage as I indicated in my remarks that we have… as you know, we have spent a lot of CapEx over the last three or four years. And as a result of that, our plant and equipment is in really good shape particularly coming out of a period of relatively low volume. Our plant and equipment depreciates not on the basis of days or months, but really on the basis of the number of tons we run through it. So we're in very good shape there. Some of the $200 million are actually for strategic projects, meaning not all of it is just replacement capital. And we're able to do that again because our equipment is in really good shape.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Ajay, also, don't forget there is a significant step-up in DD&A growing out of purchase accounting. If you think about a historic run rate of DD&A for the life cycle of a piece of equipment, we're marking a lot of that up on the Florida Rock assets, so you're getting a little bit of disconnect in the historical trend lines.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. So the maintenance CapEx is probably lower on a run rate basis?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Right. That's right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Your cash fixed costs were down 10%, which is a positive. And you have been reducing costs for several quarters now. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about what are the other areas where you could cut further. I mean given you have been doing this for several quarters, is there a lot more room left or is this kind of a trough in terms of cost cutting?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we've had a significant drop in operating hours at our plants. As productive [ph], we have matched production to demand that hurts accounting earnings in the short-term because we are actually producing less in many places than we are shipping. But it does improve cash flows. We have probably 7.5% to 8% fewer employees today than we had at the beginning of the year. We have… our labor productivity has actually improved that is our tons per man hour is up this year's third quarter versus last year's third quarter. Our plant managers and the people responsible for running our plants have done a very good job of working on efficiency and productivity, which will benefit us greatly when recovery comes. I think we, probably, as an organization benefit from downturns in the sense that we really have to look hard at everything we do and tighten our belt when sometimes when markets are blowing and going, it's easy to not do that. So I think this has been good for us and much of the benefit we've achieved will be available to us going forward. Obviously, we will continue to match production to demand and if demand continues to weaken in '09, we're not saying that but if it does, we will continue to adjust our cost structure. We have really no other choice but to do that.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Great. In terms of your guidance for fourth quarter… implied guidance for fourth quarter what are you assuming for legacy volume?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, full year legacy volume will probably be down 20%.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: And what was it in the third quarter please?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's about the same, down about 20%.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Fox with Fenimore Asset Management please proceed.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, John.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: I just wanted to try and get some more details on the asphalt business. And I mean you said from the press release, it costs you $0.25 in earnings which I guess is around $38 million pre-tax, which is a lot. So maybe if you could talk about the average price of liquid asphalt third quarter this year versus last year? Don, you mentioned the 5% by weight, but how much liquid asphalt do you actually have to buy given your, I guess, about 3 million tons of asphalt that you sold? So just can you give us a little bit more so we can work on the economics of that business?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I think liquid asphalt tonnage, we paid something like $695 a ton. Now, we're in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, California with asphalt. So the prices in all of those markets are very different.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But if you look at our total, in the third quarter we paid less than that because it continued to rise through the quarter.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: But I saw September was the highest month?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right, September was the highest month. The average for the quarter was about $675 a ton.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. That's fine. What was that in the year ago quarter?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: About 325.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Yes. Okay. So you shipped 2.8 million tons of asphalt. Can we just take the 5% of that number and say that's how much liquid or--?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's a good number.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. So that would…
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: So we could calculate your input costs that way?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We put rap in there too but use 5%.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. So now in this quarter is the price of liquid asphalt coming down you said?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: And your increase--? So we're at the inflection point where the third quarter was the worst part of the curve, so to speak?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We certainly hope so.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: We're at the inflection point where your sales prices are going up and hopefully, the input of coming down, where we can reverse some of that lost profit?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And if you follow-up historically as I know you do because I know you. You see profitability of asphalt moves around a great deal based on liquid asphalt costs.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And it's really the timing of increases and decreases.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And John you actually saw that in the quarter. The way we look at it is tracking the material margin, which is the difference between the average selling price and the cost of the material inputs to produce the product. And the material margin for the month of September, actually, exceeded the average for the quarter. So we began to see that catchup. But still we haven't recovered all of it, but the pricing actions are beginning to catch up and inch their way to where they ought to be to recover that lost material margin.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Well, I will work on that, if I need more I will call you back. And then just in terms of the balance sheet the new item medium term investments is that just some type of cash with longer than a year or something?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The medium term investment is essentially a reclassification. We had some cash that was invested in a AAA rated money market fund that was imagined by an outfit called The Reserve. You may have…
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: I am familiar with it.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Well, we had some money in The Reserve and when they broke the buck, they were not able to make redemptions and they were beginning to work through that. But because we cannot guarantee that we could get access to that money quickly or overnight, we've classified it as a medium term investment
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay I understand. And I just want to make sure I understand this shipment guidance. What is the base number for 2007 that you are using to say you will be down whatever down 10% what is the base starting number?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are pulling that up
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think it is 231 million tons.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's legacy. You understand.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No it has got everything. But it has the Florida Rock.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Yeah, I wanted...
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: So, Florida Rock from the middle of November is included in there?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. That's right.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc. Please proceed.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Good afternoon.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Trey.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Just a couple of real quick questions on the Newberry expansion is that still on track for early to mid '09?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably more like mid '09.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And as far as the shutdowns there, how long did you have to shut it down in the quarter?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We shut it down about 11 days in the quarter of not running the plant.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then I know you addressed the CapEx, some CapEx questions earlier, but you said that you were delaying some capital spending in the fourth quarter and with the 200 million being at a much lower level, can you talk about what type of spending projects you are delaying or pushing back?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, generally they would be in two categories. One would be plant and equipment routine replacement, which we're not… that's not a big deal for us in 2009 because of the condition of our plant and equipment today. But primarily, we're deferring what we would call strategic projects, where we would expand distribution facilities, transportation facilities and to some extent production capacity. We have those things relatively ready to go. We just want to see some stabilization and growth in demand before we commit the capital to do that. But they are projects that are good projects and once we get back to a level of demand that we can be more confident in, we can pull those out and proceed very quickly. But that's basically what we are deferring.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And just one last question. On cement, can you kind of give us your thoughts on how the cement industry is kind of shaping up here with the… the demand has fallen off significantly, but it sounds like most players at least at this point sound like they are trying to stay in their own lane. Is this looking at the industry the way you see it now? Is it... do you see this continuing most players trying to control capacity and so forth or do you see any type of risk for pricing on the cement side of the business?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think I have never heard that expression, but it's a very good one stay in your own lane. That applies to probably all of our products. But there is a very wide disparity between the efficiency of the US cement capacity, higher energy costs certainly accentuate that. I think what we're seeing some competitors doing is mothballing or closing their older higher cost less efficient cement production capacity and going with their new capacity. Fortunately, all of our cement capacity is virtually brand new and is very efficient both from an environmental standpoint and an energy standpoint. I think going forward, we'll probably see much more environmental pressure on cement capacity in the US, which will really put more and more pressure on the older plants. I think we're in for a short-term sort of excess domestic production of cement really for the first time in a very long time. But as you know, from following other cement producers in the US, people are even though they are adding capacity, they are taking out their old capacity which I think will ultimately be the saving grace here.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay, thanks for that Don. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Yes. Good morning.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Mike.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Hi, Don. I had two questions maybe one for you and I suspect the second one is for Dan. The one for you Don, a year ago or so, we had about a $5 price increase in Florida when the Lake belt quarries were closed. They have now reopened. I guess that price increase has progressively come off. Did that have much of an impact in Q3… well, firstly am I right? Did that have much of an impact in Q3 or was it more of a comparative or more of an issue for Q4?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think with the exception of one market that price increase has remained in effect. The one place that there has been some erosion has been in the Fort Myers area. And basically, there you have got an independent producer that didn't follow. But everywhere else in Florida it has held.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. And then maybe just another one quickly before I go on to Dan. How much of your asphalt work is fixed price? I guess I'm trying to work out what the average lag is before you can recoup current pricing? I mean it's sort of 50% of it fixed price or is the lag sort of three months? Can you help me at all on that?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well some states index liquid asphalt pricing on jobs that go on DOT projects. But there is always a lag from the market price to the index price. So when you get the kind of movements we've had in liquid asphalt price even though the ultimate price paid on the job is indexed, you still have the lag effect. On the non-DOT work or in states that do not index liquid asphalt typically, we will quote a job of dollars per ton. We don't quote them these days out six months or a year, but a month or 45 days or two months or something about that. And if liquid moves like it did in the second and third quarter, we do get caught on those kinds of projects. So we don't bid jobs that have a liquid asphalt rider in them basically. Because when you back up from the owner of the projects to the contractor who puts the asphalt down, all of that's still a fixed contract business. Which means work that we have booked over the last weeks and months we will price on the basis of what we expect liquid to be, but liquid is certainly moving the other way fortunately. And that is why we think we have some upside there.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks for that. My question for you Dan, my basic question is how much of your debt is LIBOR based? There was a big spike in LIBOR rates at the end of September. Do you have much debt that was rebased in terms of September LIBOR rates or I mean maybe you can answer the general question and then the specifics?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What we do Mike, as I mentioned earlier, we currently have approximately $1 billion of short-term debt outstanding. And virtually all of bad debt is LIBOR based. Whether it's borrowed on the bank lines that is a LIBOR based financing mechanism. It is LIBOR plus X number of basis points. Right now the bank borrowings on those lines are LIBOR plus 30 basis points. Commercial paper, obviously, when it gets back into normal territory tends to follow LIBOR around not precisely, but it tends to track it. And the only other piece of our debt that is LIBOR based is the term loan $300 million term loan that we entered into in June of this year through a syndicate of banks. That loan was fully funded at closing. And that's also LIBOR based. I believe we're currently paying LIBOR plus 125 basis points… excuse me… 125… LIBOR plus 125 on that term loan. And that's the only portion of our debt structure that is tied to LIBOR.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: And is most of it three months LIBOR and was a lot of it therefore reset at the end of September for the next three months?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the bank lines we are typically resetting for a month.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. Okay, thank you for that. Just one final question for you Don that I missed earlier apologies. Transport surcharges, I mean is that for most of your haulage and other stuff is that a significant factor that those will come down now they will automatically come down with lower diesel cost?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have any transport surcharges.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: You have none at all okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The one place where we are using our own ships when we give you our average price, it is freight adjusted. So, to the extent and this is an issue that runs through the comments I made earlier about large projects on the Gulf Coast as the fuel prices escalated that left lower freight adjusted realized prices at the yard. As ship fuel goes down, we will realize larger freight adjusted average prices at the yard. So yes in that sense there is an impact, but it's not a surcharge it's just our own cost of delivery and our own ships if you follow that.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Yes I do. Thank you for explaining that. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Davenport. Please proceed.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Hello.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Todd.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Dan, a couple of quick sort of wrap-up questions for you. Given all that discussion on LIBOR and things like that and what you guys are planning to do with the balance sheet do you want to weigh in on what you think your interest expense line is going to look like for the year then for next year take a stab at next year maybe?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah I will be… what I can tell you what I think it's going to look like for this year. We are not yet prepared to give you any guidance for next year but I think interest income… excuse me… interest expense net will be at about $170 million for 2008. That leaves about $47 million for the fourth quarter.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Okay. And then looking at DD&A and thinking about the purchase accounting adjustments how should we think about that? And just remind me, do those things roll off or are they kind of in there for the life of the equipment?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They'll be in there… well, first of all I think the full year 2008 DD&A number that I'd go with is about $390 million.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Right.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And in the application of purchase accounting to the acquired assets from Florida Rock, you will value those assets at estimated fair value on the date of acquisition and that will be amortized over the remaining useful life of those assets.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: So that doesn't roll off. So we're probably at a reasonably good run rate now?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean, that's correct. They will roll off on processing equipment that could be seven or eight years, 10 years before all of that depreciation comes off.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mobile equipment obviously a lot shorter.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co.: Yes. Okay, thank you.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn it over to Don James for a closing statement.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you very much. In summary, I think we are doing as an organization a good job of managing our controllable costs and managing our production in relation to a period of relatively weak demand. I think to me a high point of the quarter is the fact that our cash margin per ton of aggregate is significantly higher than it was at the peak of the cycle. That is a tribute to the quality of our management and our plants and in our divisions. With a little help on volume, we will have tremendous earnings leverage. As we look forward, the greatest opportunity for help on volume will come in a stimulus package. Large industrial and transportation projects are helping, but they are not offsetting obviously the decline in housing and other sectors but I think if you follow what happens in Washington over the next two to three months I think you will get a better sense of what our opportunities will be in 2009. So, thank you very much for your interest and we look forward to talking to you again after the conclusion of the year. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman and CEO Daniel F. Sansone - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management Clyde Lewis - Citigroup Michael Betts - JPMorgan Timna Tanners - UBS John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company David Macgregor - Longbow Research Jason Brown - KeyBanc Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Vulcan Materials' Earnings Conference Call. My name is Channel [ph] and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Don James, Chairman and CEO -- President, Chief Financial Officer. Please proceed.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this conference call to discuss our second quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2008. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan; we hope our remarks and dialogue today will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bag Badgett and Ron McAbee, Senior Vice Presidents in our Construction Materials Business. Before I begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statement, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Descriptions of these risk and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof and the company assumes no obligation to update such statements. Moving now to the quarterly results; we reported our second quarter financial results yesterday after the market close. Those results included net sales with $966 million and EBITDA of $339 million. Our net sales increased 20% from the prior year second quarter, and our EBITDA increased 21%, despite lower aggregate sales volume. Earnings per diluted share were $1.27 versus $1.45 in the prior year second quarter. Higher energy related input cost accounted for approximately 25% of the total year-over-year decrease in earnings per share. Liquid asphalt which is produced from a barrel of oil and used to make asphalt mix which would sell, and diesel fuel used to operate our large mobile equipment accounted for most of this year-over-year decrease in earnings per share. The average unit price for liquid asphalt increased 60% from the prior year second quarter, and reduced our company earnings approximately $0.12 per diluted share. The unit average price pay for diesel fuel in our legacy operations increased 70% from the prior year second quarter, and reduced earnings approximately $0.09 per diluted share. Additionally the current year second quarter results include $0.34 per share referable to the gain on sale of quarry sites divested as part of the Florida Rock acquisition. While the economic environment in which these results were achieve is challenging, we remain focused on positioning our business to benefit from our recovery and demand, by effectively managing our cost structure, and capturing the operational cost synergies from integrating the Florida Rock assets and development. Before I move into specific comments regarding consolidated second quarter results; let me remind everyone that current year's second quarter results include Florida Rock, while the prior year results do not. Historical comparison for Vulcan's and Florida Rock's legacy businesses are difficult, because we have rapidly integrated and restructured the combined businesses into five of Vulcan's operating divisions. However we will continue to provide legacy comparisons throughout the current year where possible, if those comparisons will help you understand our results. Generally our business has performed well in the second quarter, notwithstanding difficult economic conditions in many key markets. Higher pricing, the inclusion of Florida Rock and our cost control initiatives, partially offset the earnings impact due to lower aggregate volumes and higher energy related costs. Aggregate EBITDA decreased approximately 60 million versus the prior year second quarter. The average price [indiscernible] the units sales price for aggregates increased 8% from the prior year second quarter. Total aggregate shipments declined 6% compared to the second quarter of 2007. Aggregate shipments in most Legacy Vulcan serve markets saw double-digit volume declines when compared with the prior year second quarter, except for markets in Texas and along the Central Gulf Coast where volumes increased year-over-year. These markets in Texas and along the Gulf coast are benefiting from large industrial and energy construction projects which are contributing to growing demand. During the quarter, we drove production levels down to match the lower level of demand. Our plant mangers did an excellent job of managing cost in the quarter despite the upward pressures due to higher energy prices and lower volumes. The results of their efforts will benefit our earnings when volumes begin to recover. Excluding energy related costs, such as diesel fuel and electric utilities, unit variable production cost in legacy Vulcan aggregates operations were relatively flat when compared to the prior year second quarter. Additionally cash fixed cost at Vulcan's legacy aggregate operations were approximately 14% lower than the prior year second quarter. These cost control results demonstrate relatively greater production flexibility, our aggregate plant managers are able to achieve, compared with most of other continuous process type manufacturing facilities. Earnings for the asphalt and concrete segment were equal to the prior year second quarter. Concrete earnings increased from the prior year second quarter due to the addition of Florida Rock's concrete operations. But asphalt earnings were lower verses the prior year, due principally to the higher unit cost for liquid asphalt. One of the bright spots in this quarter is our 4% increase in asphalt volumes. Asphalt prices increased approximately 8% from the prior year second quarter. However we were not able to move prices up fast enough in the quarter to offset the sharp increase in liquid asphalt costs. The average unit price paid for liquid asphalt at the end of the second quarter was 60% higher than the prior year second quarter and was 42%... I'm sorry, 26% higher than the unit price at the end of the first quarter of 2008. The rapid rate at which liquid asphalt prices escalated during the second quarter, have created a timing difference. With appropriate increases in average unit sales price for asphalt mix, we expect some of this timing difference to dissipate in the second half of 2008 if liquid asphalt prices remain at current levels. The average concrete selling price, including Florida Rock's operations, increased approximately 2% from the prior year second quarter. The inclusion of Florida Rock's operations more than offset the earnings effect of lower volumes from our legacy operations. Selling, administrative and general expenses in the current year second quarter, were approximately $85 million, versus $71 million last year. Legacy Vulcan SAG expenses were approximately $11 million lower than the prior year, but more than offset by the inclusion of the new Florida Rock operations. Also included in our second quarter SAG expenses, is $6 million of expense referable to the fair market value of donated real state. This donated real state had virtually no earnings impact, because the difference between the fair value of the properties and the carrying value of the properties are recorded as a gain on sale of property, plant and equipment. Interest expense increased to approximately $30 million from the prior year second quarter, due primarily to the financing related to the acquisition of Florida Rock. In June, we completed the planned issuance of long-term debt financing related to the Florida Rock transaction. As a result we added approximately $950 million of new long-term debt and reduced our short-term debt by a commensurate amount. Our business generates very good cash flows throughout the business cycle. Debt reduction and achieving target debt ratios remain a priority use of these cash flows. In summary, we achieved good second quarter results during this time of rapidly rising energy related cost, and weaker demand for our products. The aspects of the business which we can control, such as production and overhead cost were lower, versus the prior year if energy related costs are excluded. Our effectiveness at managing controlled cost coupled with price improvement, despite lower sales volumes, gives me confidence that we are executing well in a tough economic environment. Turning to our earnings outlook for the full year. We now forecast EBITDA of approximately $1 billion to $1.1 billion in 2008. This guidance reflects a slight increase in EBITDA in the second half of 2008, compared to the second half of 2007. Our outlook assumed diesel fuel and liquid asphalt remaining at the high levels existing at the end of the second quarter. Our sensitivity of $0.10 per gallon change in diesel fuel is about $6 million pre-tax for the year. Fortunately crude oil prices have fallen, since the end of the quarter. And if that trend continues, we have some upside through our projected earnings. Additionally, our guidance reflects a prolong downturn in residential construction and weakness in non-residential and highway construction activity. Through June, private non-residential construction spending in the U.S. is measured by the seasonally adjusted value of construction put in place, shows growth versus the same period in the prior year. However the leading indicator such as contract awards are down double-digit year-to-date through June pointing to some future weakness in this end market. Public constructions spending including highways is also increase, versus the prior year in nominal terms. However the cost of construction input such as liquid asphalt, diesel fuel and steel, are consuming a larger proportion of highway and infrastructure construction dollars resulting in fewer new construction projects. In Vulcan served markets contract awards for June are lower when compared with the same period in the prior year. The section in this trend is the large industrial and energy projects in Texas and along the Gulf coast. We now expect residential aggregates demand in 2008 to decrease over 30% from 2007 levels. This decreases is indicative of further weakness that materialized in the second quarter of 2008. Our aggregates demand forecast for non-residential and highway construction also compares unfavorably to the relatively flat demand forecast at the end of 2007. As result we now estimate full year aggregate shipments, including former Florida Rock operations for the full year to decrease from 2% to 5%, versus last year. This forecast reflects total aggregate shipments in the second half of 2008 to be slightly lower than in the second half of 2007. The market environment that recognizes the high cost of replacing reserves has been instrumental in helping us achieve price improvement despite nine consecutive quarters with lower volumes. Additionally, aggregate production continues to be burdened by increasing cost for energy related and steel based materials. Pricing momentum, we achieved in 2005 and 2006, continued in 2007. In 2008, we believe this momentum will continue, resulting in price improvement for the year of approximately 8%. We expect to achieve this price improvement in spite of lower shipments and our higher price markets, particularly Florida and California. Consolidated earnings from continuing operation, should be in the range of $2.95 to $3.25 per diluted share. Our 2008 earnings outlook, includes 74 million of EBITDA and $0.34 per diluted share, referable to gains related to the two divested properties that were owned by Vulcan prior to the acquisition of Florida Rock. The integration of Florida Rock is perceiving as planned. And will certainly help make Vulcan a stronger organization for the future. We continue to expect an annual synergies level of $50 million to be achieved by the end of 2008. These savings are being realized, both operationally and for overhead reductions. During the first half of 2008, we completed several transactions that when combined added approximately $210 million tons of aggregate reserves, net of the justice department required divestitures. These new quarries will enhance our ability to serve our customers effectively. These transactions include four quarries in California. Including a rail connected quarry to serve the greater sacramental market. The California geological survey estimates that total industry-permitted reserves to serve Sacramento County will be depleted in less than 10 years. We also acquired two quarries in Virginia that complement our existing operations, and that serve attractive markets and the Shenandoah Valley along the interstate 81 corridor. We also required a quarry in the growth quarter west of Chicago. Finally in Texas and North Carolina, we acquired land with valuable permitted reserves that are adjacent to our existing quarries; those reserves will extend the reserve light at both of these quarries. Each of these transactions enabled us to differ income taxes, arising from the sale of quarry sites required by the Justice Department as part of the Florida Rock acquisition. The cash benefit from these tax deferrals is being used in large parts to fund strategic capital spending projects that would have otherwise been funded with debt, thereby allowing us to reduce our borrowing requirements. In closing, I would like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. Our construction materials business has generated good results during times of weaker demand for our products at much better results as demand improves. The foundation of our confidence is the strategy we have employed to establish an aggregate focused business that has the great advantage of strategic locations in major U.S. markets expected to experience above average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future. Summarizing the key attributes of our aggregates focused business and how this strategy benefits Vulcan and our shareholders. Our 2008 results should benefit from the following attributes. Aggressive management of controllable cost, the diversified regional exposure, an increasing value of permitted reserves in fast growing metropolitan markets, and the broad use of aggregates and downstream products in diverse end markets including relatively stable demand from public funding where multiyear construction projects are typical. Again I thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now the operator will give you the required instructions, we'll be pleased to respond to your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ajay Kejriwal of Goldman Sachs.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good morning gentlemen.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to start by asking a question on guidance. You got the 2008 guidance with 1Q early May 19%. Now three months later, cutting guidance again by 26.7%, so my question I guess is; what changed in the last couple months that you did not anticipate in May? I know diesel is part of the answer, but is demand a lot worse than what you thought in May, or is it that some of the pricing surcharges that you thought you would be able to push through did not come in?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, the change is virtually all in the new outlook on contract awards which are down, which caused us to reduce our aggregate volume forecast. That is the vast majority of the bases of the change, is in aggregates volume based on new information about contract awards, obviously the forward-looking information. Secondly, a significant amount -- but by a large majority less is the huge increase in diesel fuel cost and liquid asphalt cost which we have projected through the end of '08 as indicated in my remarks. Since the end of the quarter there's been some relief and certainly in crude oil pricing we do have some upside there, but between aggregate volume based on contract or data and higher energy cost, those account for virtually all of the change in guidance from the end of Q1 to the end of Q2.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: So, now as we look at your full year guidance just to get a sense of what's been and a good color you provided on demand for res, I thought you said down 30% but maybe if you could provide numbers for non-res and highways and other buckets?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, our full year projection now for demand in our markets. Res is -- the actual number is about 33%. We see a highway -- these are aggregate units, not dollars. We see highway is down about 10%, other infrastructure down about 8% and buildings essentially private non-res down about 7% for a total of '08 market demand for aggregates in our market's down about 14% from last year our legacy volumes we project to be down about 13% for the full year.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: And how does that compare with volumes in the quarter... how much was highway and the non-res portion down in Tokyo?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that data in front of me, I'm sorry we'll be happy to give that to you.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay good. May be just a question on EBITDA guidance, if you could some more color on what to expect in terms of free cash flow for the year and if there are any debt covenants that are at risk or are round dividend payments?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: [Indiscernible] respond to others.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: At the time of the last call we indicated we thought we will be able to reduce debt by approximately $200 million during 2008. Our current view is that we'll still be able to reduce debt by approximately $175 million to $180 million during the year. Obviously the magnitude of the decline in EBITDA even net of taxes is greater than the decline in our debt reduction guidance and that's explained by a couple of factors. First we do think our capital expenditures for 2008 will come in lower than prior guidance, we have previously indicated about $485 million and we think that will be $30 million to $40 million lower at this point in time. Also the tax benefit to which Don referred earlier growing out of the like kind exchanges from the divestiture the assets pursuant to the DOJ requirements, the tax saving associated with those differed like kind exchanges is going to be greater than what we had contemplated in our previous guidance. So while the EBITDA numbers are down quite a bit more we still believe that we will make a meaningful debt in the debt reduction for this year. Also our works in capital requirements which tend to be very seasonal will be less obviously because of the local business. We are not in anywhere near risk of touching any of our debt covenants. The only covenant that we have on our credit facilities is one that requires debt to total cap, capital to be 65% or less and we are currently at about 49%... 48% to 50% depending on how you calculate it. So we're nowhere near bumping up against any debt covenants.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Fox of Fenimore Asset. Please proceed.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Hi good morning everyone, I have a number of questions.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: John, how are you?
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: I am doing fine, thank you. First one is the interest expense in the quarter, is that a good quarterly run rate?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We will be some where around $180 million this year, net interest expense.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay great. And Don, did you give shipments in the quarter same-on-same, without the effect of Florida?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think legacy volumes are down about 16%.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay, thank you. And do you anticipate any further price increases this year, any mid year or I guess we are already passed midyear, but any end of the fall?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as we have said before, there will be some price increases as we move forward in various projects, in various markets. But, we expect in the year, up about 8% over last year.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And most of that is probably already in place. But there'll be some projects that will warrant price increases.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Now I have two kind of bigger picture questions, ask both of them. One, could you just comment on California and their budget situation and where that stands for their funding. And number two giving fewer miles driven and gas tax reduction, that type of thing, can you talk about funding for a highway nationally?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And I think those are both very key questions. The leader of the California Senate put out a published statement on July 30th saying that rating any out of the California transportation funds will absolutely not happen on his watch. He says, one thing we've done right in California is to work together to build our long, neglected infrastructure. Thanks to our efforts, we are building roads, schools, et cetera. And he say... he goes on to say, I see prop 42 and prop 1A as key components in these efforts. Rating these funds now would break fate with voters who joined us in supporting the plan to rebuild California, and slowdown one of the state's best engine for economic growth. I think when you have democratic leader of the senate and a republic and governor aligning to say we have got to keep this problem intact, that gives us great confident that California will deal with its budget problems in some way other than what the leader of the senate refers as shortsighted thinking. So we are optimistic about that, we are actually booking a lot of work now under the California infrastructure program that will shift probably most of it beginning in '09 but perhaps some of it in '08.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But related to that, you see that our asphalt shipments are at or above 4% in the quarter.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Which is remarkable, given the slowdown in other end markets that asphalt is actually -- of that's coming a lot of adds from taxes, but also shipments have been relatively good in California and Arizona. So we are optimistic about that. Now moving to the federal level; as you probably know depending upon their various estimates that the '09 Highway Trust Fund shortfall because of fewer vehicle miles being driven as we... it's in the range of $3 billion to perhaps $4 billion. And if that is not plugged, that could result under the rob-up [ph] adjustment and a drop in spending of probably $13 billion which would be literally hundreds and thousands of jobs that would be lost. Thus the house... about a week ago or 10 day's ago... two weeks ago past a bill refunding $8 billion to the Highway Trust Fund that was taken out or borrowed back in 1998, well over 70 senators have indicated their support for that bill. It is not yet past the senate, because it's been attached to couple of times to controversy of bills that haven't made it through the hopper. But we are cautiously optimistic that the senate will take that backup in their three week session, when they come back in September. But I think in this particularly in this economic climate, the prospects of losing hundreds of thousands of jobs by failing to repay this $8 billion to the Highway Trust Fund is one that not many people that don't want to have to deal with.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right. Sure.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are cautiously optimistic that that will occur as we look to the reauthorization of the Highway Trust Fund, and highway bill which will begin in September of '09, there's a lot of work being done, a lot of discussion. Many people are looking at various options, I think the price of gasoline and the price of oil will have a lot to do with that debate and we have no... I have no great insight as to what's going to happen to gasoline prices, but it... that will be a factor, a significant factor in that debate. One other item which we are certainly not baking into any kind of outlook at this point, but which I think has been generating a great deal of discussion in Washington is infrastructure as a stimulus, additional infrastructure spending and Senator Byrd from West Virginia has introduced the bill to add money to infrastructure spending as part of the stimulus pattern. So we are hopeful that there will some legs to that discussion as well.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay, thank you. And just a clarification, Dan. You said a 180 for interest expense, you are at 80 year-to-date, what am I missing there?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me think, well what you missing is we now have rolled $950 million out of short-term debt for which we were paying very low rate in the 270, 275 range into a long-term debt where we're paying considerably higher rates on that. That's really the main reason and there is also a seasonal working capital bill that's typically greater in the second half of the year.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right. Okay, thank you.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Clyde Lewis of Citi.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Morning all. I think I've got four questions if I may; and I will probably reel them straight off if you like. In terms of Florida Rock, Don, if your legacy volumes are down 16% in Q2 it looks then as if the Florida Rock volumes were probably down 25 to 30, would that be fair?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that's a good estimate.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay, thank you. Secondly on asphalt prices, I mean you sort of flagged up that you don't really expect to get much in the way of extra aggregate price increases for the second half of the year, would that also apply to asphalt?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No we'd expect to get asphalt price increases. The liquid has increased so much and we are not alone, everybody who produces asphalt mix is feeling that same pressure. So asphalt volumes are up for us in the quarter. I would expect some upside there but it will be offset probably by the high cost of liquid. It remains to be seen whether falling crude prices will affect liquid asphalt prices substantially or not, there's a lot of refinery issues that go into that. But we do expect that, and I don't think it's a fair conclusion to say we don't expect much in a way of aggregate price increase in the second half. In order for us to achieve our 8% guidance we will continue to get some price increases that won't -- we don't as you know price in nationwide statements about aggregate pricing, and we do it on a job-by-job market-by-market basis. But we are continuing to get price increases right.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay, but maintaining that sort of same 8% rate?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay. I mean, sticking on the subject of pricing, I mean are you seeing in the weaker volumes some of the small independent players maybe being less aggressive than the majors on pricing there?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well that's, yes. I think that's always happened. But in the large metropolitan markets where we tend to be focused, we have some insulation from there and that tends to be a bigger factor in smaller market.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay, thank you. And just briefly the acquisitions you made, the quarries you have bought in second quarter. Can you just give an annual run rate in terms of volumes there?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me come back with that one. I can estimate them but I probably would be wrong.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay, fine.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And they will add... certainly, they will add... we had to give up capacity as a result of the required divestures by the Justice Department. I think the important point is that we were able... both through swaps and through additional acquisitions, we were able to actually increase our reserve base. We gave up probably in the neighborhood of 300 million tons of reserves. We are picking up a net of 210, so basically we have picked up about 500 million tons of reserves in these acquisitions. At all... the California operations are all productive quarries, the Virginia operations are productive quarries and the Texas and North Carolina, and the Illinois acquisition is a productive quarry. The two reserves, the land in Texas and North Carolina won't necessarily increase our production, they just strengthen our longer term reserve positions.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay, Thanks. And the last one I had really was on the sort of level of operational activity if you like in the quarries across the group now, I mean if you are talking volumes down again, well then they are coming down. I mean are you going to get your point where you will actually start maybe to multiple some of the smaller quarries, because simply the volumes are not high enough in some areas?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we... in some smaller quarries particularly in non-urban areas we've already been doing that in terms of moving cruise from one plant. And running plants on a sort of a campaign basis, to built some inventory and then move our cruise around. That's not new for Vulcan, that's part of our culture is to be able to operate plants at low volumes efficiently as well as high volumes, and across 300 sites, there are always markets that are booming while other markets are slow. So it's... we have a lot of operational know-how to be able to adjust production levels efficiently to meet demand. So, yes we are doing that and have been doing it for most of the year.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Thanks a lot. One last and I think probably more Dan's path. But the $28.5 million worth of proceeds from the loan and life insurance policies that's in the cash flow that was a new one on me. Can you just sort of explain what's behind that?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure Florida Rock had a portfolio of life insurance policies on certain members of their those senior management team. And we've monetized the cash surrender value of those policies and effectively have liquidated them.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay. So it was very much one off and --
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: One off.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: -- and [indiscernible]. Don't have to give the money back at any point?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Clyde Lewis - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, so much gentlemen.
Operator: : Your next call comes from the line of Mike Betts of JPMorgan.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Yes --
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Mike.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Hi Don. I had a number of small questions as well although the first one is probably a bigger one. The first one is just on cost cutting; you obviously talked about the $50 million of synergies, you've talked about the $11 million of SG&A savings. But obviously you must be doing much more cost savings than that given the big volume reductions. I am not sure how best you could describe it to me, but maybe my question is, what is the employment level now at Vulcan that is a year ago. Trying to do pro forma for Florida Rock because both of the businesses have probably lost best part of 30% volume. So, can you kind of help me on what you've done operationally on the cost side?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have cut operating hours in many operations. We have reduced employment in many operation, both hourly and salary. I don't have any specific numbers to give you some of my colleagues or looking at those. We are on the other side of the ledger, however, up grading substantially our infrastructure and our technology. And so we are adding people to get that rolled out but there's still a very substantial net decease in employment; probably the bigger factor is the net increase in operating hours.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Decrease.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean decrease, excuse me, in operating hours. That's really the place that within a broad range we can ramp up and ramp down production as an operating hour.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you for that. Then two questions if I could on cement. There was the maintenance time that the cement kiln was down in Q2. I mean could you quantify what the impact to that was; is that... did that occur... I mean is that normally in Q2 or was that kind of a one off or is that it's normal seasonal --
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a normal... that's a normal annual maintenance outage. It probably impacted earnings something like $2.5 million in the quarter negative.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's... we wont... don't have to do that in Q3.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. And the other thing on the external cement was the selling price declined. Was that a mixed factor or you actually seen prices in Florida actually decline? That's sequentially?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is a mix in that... yes prices in Florida are relatively stable, the cement production and demand in Florida are relatively stabled that's because imports have potentially seized and the domestic production is currently matching the demand. There is some cementing exported domestically, but exported out of Florida. And the transportation cost when you net sales price against transportation cost that causes some decline as you've seen in the net selling price back at the plant.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. And then other question just on the asphalt. What sort of the proportion of your sales is actually indexed? I mean obviously then you recruit that automatically, or is the majority of the contract base that we have to wait for contract renewals?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have a percentage in California for Caltran's project, asphalt is indexed. But that's a portion of our business, but not all of it, a lot of our work is private as well and that is of course not indexed per se. But those projects generally are shorter term, so and the bid period is much tighter. So we have some ability to adjust pricing to reflect the higher asphalt. But clearly in the quarter we got caught with a much higher liquid asphalt in relation to our committed selling prices. Even though our prices were up 8% and our volume was up 4%, earnings were down, and it all had to do with this big spike up in liquid asphalt.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay. And final question just related to that Don. I mean, I think you said earlier that your guidance for the year was based on end June pricing level for things like diesel and other things.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Has the cost of asphalt actually gone up, though since the end of June? I was... I don't look at particularly good series, I guess, but I was under the impression actually the big increase there was in July or maybe that was just a series I look --
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think asphalt is still moving up and I think an explanation for that in light of lower crude oil prices is that refiners like producing diesel fuel because they get higher margins, and when you produce more diesel fuel versus gasoline, you end up with less liquid asphalt at the end of the cycle. And so liquid asphalt is continuing to run... increase.
Michael Betts - JPMorgan: Okay, that's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners of UBS.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi good morning. And thanks for all the great detail. Don, Dan I was wondering actually if you could give me a little bit more details specifically on the balance sheet and any risk maybe some down grades in the rating agencies, if you can give us a little bit of color maybe of your conversations with them or what they might be; anything you can provide there? And then along the same lines talking to us and reminding us a little about the time frame for any short-term issues that you might have?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Timna the... we have a practice of communicating with the agencies routinely as we approach our quarter-end. We've briefed both of the agencies that rate our debt on our second quarter numbers. I think it would be inappropriate for me to speculate as to what actions if any they may choose to take. If they're going to take an action we'll read about it, if they don't, we won't. And I... but I think I can say that we are firmly committed to keeping the agencies fully informed as to how our business is evolving and what our free cash flow estimates are likely to be and what we intend to do with that. So they know more than you know and we'll just have to wait and see what conclusions they reach. Your second question about short-term debt financing, we have termed out into the long term debt markets what we currently intend to have turned out or put differently we have no immediate plans for any additional long-term debt offerings. We have at this point in time approximately $750 million of unused borrowing capacity under our lines of credit, and those lines of credit are used either as a back stop for issuing commercial paper or for borrowing directly. And so right now we believe we have more than adequate liquidity turn to meet our needs; is that getting to the question or not?
Timna Tanners - UBS: Yes, definitely I mean, just trying to get a flavor for what the time frame might be for any... if you need to approach markets it sounds like you are saying you might not need to. When you talk about your top priority being paying down debt I am just trying to understand the magnitude of what kind of different avenues you are considering. If you are considering further reduction to CapEx, like how much of your CapEx right now is maintenance, how much of it is kind of more optional, your dividend seems fine, you are not buying back shares that seems like for now but, anything else you can provide for us on your color --?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well if you look at our debt maturity schedule we have about $45 million to $50 million of debt that matures in the fourth quarter of 2008. We have a large maturity in April of 2009 of $250 million. Our current... and then we have an additional run of $15 million a quarter maturity on our term loan and our current view is that on all of that we'll issue commercial paper. When we get to the large maturity in April, we'll just evaluate the company's liquidity and the condition of the capital markets at that time and decide if we are going to finance that with commercial paper or whether we want to go back out for another long-term issuance. But April of 2009 and these capital markets is too far into the future to speculate on how we will actually make that funding.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have gotten to the debt structure in balance sheet that was our target. So we are basically finished with a long-term debt financing. Certainly we don't have any plans or any equity issuance or any share repurchases on the old side. So we are pleased with where we are, we think it's certainly adequate for us as we go forward. We will... while we haven't given guidance and aren't yet prepared to give guidance on '09 capital spending, we think it will be substantially less than '08 for a lot of reasons and that will be a source of cash. So we are very pleased with our balance sheet now.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay that's really helpful. The only other question I had was, if you have any comment on ticks [ph] I know you had talked about some surcharge on aggregates and I know they are a small player but, is there potential for a surcharge September time frame is what... how would the market respond to that, any thought?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have never believed that surcharge is... energy surcharges for our products was an appropriate way to price. We price on a whole different kind of concept of just what's happening in the marketplace and both from the customer standpoint and the competitor standpoint. Some companies have surcharges, I guess we noted, Monday that one large producer of concrete came out saying they were going to eliminate surcharges and put in a 25% nationwide price increase for concrete beginning October 1... I mean, $25 yard price increase for concrete to replace any surcharges or and also deal with the... sort of cost pressures that are going on. So some people will have and some people won't, we will not have them, we will deal with that in our, pricing of our product.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak of BB&T Capital Market.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: Well thanks, good morning Don.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Jack.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: Hi, I wanted to ask about the cement plant expansion project. Can you update us there, is it still on its original schedule?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, probably end of first quarter, maybe end of the second quarter will be complete and in production.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: Of '09?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: And it's about double the size of the plant right, about another 850,000 tons?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: Okay. And then secondly I wanted to ask on the subject of aggregates...
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Jack, I think an important point is that our total cement consumption will exceed our total cement production as a company, so that's important to us.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: Sure the plant will make then about 1.7 million tons and you'll buy more than that right now.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right. We consume more than that. You would be surprised, the current production we consumed partially internally the sales portion of that.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: And then on the subject of the aggregates pricing, have you guys gotten any price increases in aggregates in either California or Florida in calendar 2008?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, I am surprised you would ask that question?
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: I asked that question because there are some other competitors saying that you are not getting price increases in the market side, need to figure it out.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are... we certainly are, particularly I mean Florida has been the strongest pricing market in the country in '08. Now you can get mix shifts. As I said in our prepared comments, our volumes are down more in California and Florida than they are in some other markets and California and Florida are our two highest priced markets. So when we tell you we've gotten an 8% price increase that means, we can get a larger percentage price increase in every market. But if our higher price markets are down more than our little lower price markets then that rolls up to 8%. So maybe that's what people are saying, I don't have any idea. But we are getting same product same market, we are getting prices across the board.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: There is a big price increase in Florida and aggregates in October of '07.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: And then I think at that time, the feeling was there might be another one to begin '08 and this is all kind of all tied into Lake Belt issue, but then the quarries were, I guess, remained in operation they weren't taken offline more or less. So, maybe the second price increase was not effective. But I guess, in calendar '08, you are saying it still got some incremental pricing.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think the... basically there was a $5 a ton announced price increase by some producers and I think all producers to a greater or lesser degree had some sort of comparable price increase and those are still in effect and employees. I don't think you will see another $5 ton price increase in '08 in Florida. But as you know, our quarry in Miami has now resumed production as a result of the pallet court although ruling final court. But we are... we'll have to put this in the context of a baseball game. You are a baseball player, but we are probably in the third inning before it's over. So lot more litigation to go, with lot more core engineering work and permitting look forward to go before we know what else in that come from be in the Lake Belt.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: You guys have pretty good ball pens, I like your chances there?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we do have a good ball pen; that's probably good analogy. We can bring the labors in from all around.
John Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Market: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Norsley from Simon Bank [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, gentleman. Dan, I had a quick question for you. When you look at interest expense and I know you've addressed this in a couple of ways during the call. Obviously, it was down sequentially versus the first quarter. You mentioned converting the bridge and the short term financing long-term debt. Yes, I guess what I am looking at your average interest rate on your debt, it looks to more than 6.5%, yet the 38 million interest expense implies in average blended rate of about 4%. So, I guess, I am trying to figure out to the discrepancy here, clearly interest expense should be trending higher than what we saw. Can you kind of walk there, I mean, are you capitalizing interest... is there something... some reasons for why interest expense is lower than first quarter. And what should we expect in third and fourth quarter in terms of run rate?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think what is... I am really afraid. The only thing that's distorting that analysis is the amortization through interest expense of hedging loss activity that grew out of interest rate hedges, we put on soon after the announcement of the Florida Rock deal. And if you recall the timing of rates, we announced the deal in February. We put some hedges on in the months immediately following at which time rates were... had been pretty stable. And then treasuries dropped dramatically by the time we got the clearance from the DoJ to closed the deal and ultimately fund it. And we had some fairly hefty interest... hefty losses on those interest rate hedges. I don't have the exact number in front of me. And it's been our 10-Q with this will closed. I think, cumulatively between the debt issuances in December and the issuances in June of this year. I think we have probably some $70 million of $70 million to $80 million of losses on the interest rate hedges, which in the way the accounting for those work is, they were hedges. So the... we cash settle those to hedge losses after time of debt issuance. But the $70 to $80 million in losses is amortized to interest expense over the corresponding... the term of the corresponding debt. So that's one piece of the equation that's probably distorting your analysis. And having set around another $30 million to $35 million of those hedge loses in June, none of the amortization was in the first half for the year. And the you will have that amortization in the second half of the year. And those are all five and ten year note, so it will be amortizing off pretty quickly. My guess is that's what probably distorting your number. Also I had said that the net interest expense would be about 180, but if you look at just the interest expense line, it tells that's probably closer to a 189 or 190 million. And we did have some interest income netting against that this year and you ask why would you have interest income, if you were so heavily invested in the short-term debt markets. The reason is the cash proceeds that we've got from divesting the assets, were used in a tax differed exchange. The cash flows, cash proceeds, which exceeded $200 million were... are effectively being held in ESCROW accounts until the corresponding exchange properties are acquired. So we actually had considerable amount of cash that was sitting under balance sheet in those ESCROW accounts, generating interest income. So I think that's probably influencing your number as well. And there is some capitalized interest coming through on capital expenditures, I don't have an exact number for that as well. But I... we can get that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That helps a lot. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line Todd Vencil of Davenport.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Hi guys thanks for taking my call.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Can you break out the impact that layering on... just given the difference in maybe the average price between the Florida Rock legacy and the Vulcan legacy aggregates had. What's the impact on '08 just from bringing Florida Rock on? Is there way to break that out?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, actually the way our finance and accounting staff calculates that the 8% is price increase with legacy Vulcan.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If we put Florida Rock impact in there, it's going to push that up some, but the 8% is legacy you put in the Florida Rock, I don't have the number, but it's going to be higher than 8%.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Right, okay. And I mean have... you were talking earlier that the concept that they feel like, aggregate pricing power just given what's going on everywhere is probably diminishing, and we have seen the year-over-year changes for you guys come down although 8% is still a very healthy number. Are you prepared to talk at all about the trend or maybe what that looks like going into next year?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No we have not done our work yet to project price increases for '09. Clearly on the cross side with energy, there is a... everybody, who produces aggregate is feeling the effects of much higher diesel fuel. And for no other reason that ought to have an impact on aggregate prices in the industry going forward.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Fair enough. Thinking about volumes and I mean, and I don't... I am not trying to get you the sort of speak prematurely on next year, but I think that's the question on a lot of peoples minds. Portland cement came out yesterday with their forecast looking for cement volumes in '09 being down about 6%. Broadly speaking I mean do you guys have any sort of expectation given your comments about what you are seeing on contract awards and what that ought to be leading to for particular commercial construction and highway construction. Can I have an outlook for what you think volumes might look like next year, Don?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't gone through our processes to begin to estimate that. I think the key is though... and thinking about '09 has a lot to the with the infrastructure, has a lot to do with highways for us at least. And today there is a hole in the '09 trust fund deficit, projected deficit of over $3 billion, which if not addressed would reduce spending in FY '09 by... as I've said about $13 billion. And that's what's hanging over the heads of the DOPs right now. If that gets fixed, which as I said, we hope when the Senate gets back, they will deal with that. That could certainly change the outlook on contract awards for highways. But that's not done yet and the other piece as I have said to watch is whether highways and public infrastructure becomes the subject of a stimulus package. So until we get... until those wild cards get answered, it's hard to know. But I think a part of the weakness we are seeing in how a contract awards has to do with the un-remitted shortfall in the Highway Trust Fund for '09. Obviously, there are a lot of other things like high liquid asphalt cost and other things. But, so if we see a resolution of the Highway Trust Fund for next year, I believe we will see some improvement in construction awards hopefully.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Fair enough, thanks a lot.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Particularly,if we get stimulus package.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But right now, we don't have either one of those.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Company: Okay, I appreciate it thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Macgregor of Longbow Research.
David Macgregor - Longbow Research: Hi Don, hi Dan.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi David, how are you?
David Macgregor - Longbow Research: Good, thanks. I know we're over an hour here, so I will keep it short. But just what's the upside to the synergy number now? You talked in your press release about the fact that some of the Florida Rock operations still have relatively higher production costs. Is it possible that we could make substantial progress in that the second half of these synergy numbers might actually be bigger?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly we are very focused on that. I think we have spent a fair amount of money in the first half on some of the Florida Rock operations to try to improve production efficiency. Getting the true benefit of that is harder with lower production volumes, than with higher production volumes. But at this point we believe staying with our $50 million is the most appropriate number. I think you can conclude from that that given the lower production volumes today than we anticipated at the time we came up with that number. We are getting some improvements in other areas that we didn't have baked into it. But I think you will see the key to getting the higher than $50 million run rate will be two things. One is a function of time to get the improvements in the Florida Rock plants fully operational; and second, when we start seeing the volume recovery, that's when we'll start seeing the real benefit of those operating improvements.
David Macgregor - Longbow Research: Okay, good. And then just last question has to with the Texas and Gulf Coast, where you indicated you are seeing strength. Can you break up volume shipments in that region for us? And also I guess how sustainable is it? How much forward visibility do you have on that strength?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, a lot of projects are just coming out of the ground. The big steel mill in Mobile is barely coming out of the ground. The Toyota plant in Mississippi is barely coming out of the ground at this point. Some other refinery and LNG projects are in various stages of completion. But I think we will see relatively robust demand along the Texas and Central Gulf Coast for industrial and energy projects well into the foreseeable future. The... a weak dollar has a... and high energy costs have very significant effects on the construction economy in those areas.
David Macgregor - Longbow Research: Right. And can you just say how strong those volumes were?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Texas was up double digits, and... which is remarkable in this economy. And that's a whole State of Texas.
David Macgregor - Longbow Research: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In which of course includes the Gulf Coast. And the Central Gulf Coast was up. I'm not... we don't... I don't have a number I feel confident. Here are my colleagues coming to my rescue. Well, we don't... I don't have it broken out by the region that's we are talking about on the sheets in front of me, but is it's up, probably not double digits.
David Macgregor - Longbow Research: High single?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But Texas is up double digits.
David Macgregor - Longbow Research: Great, thanks very much guys.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Manuel of KeyBanc.
Jason Brown - KeyBanc Capital: Good morning. This is Jason Brown for Chris Manuel.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Jason.
Jason Brown - KeyBanc Capital: Just one quick question, it appears that given the decline in second quarter legacy volumes and your outlook for the rest of the year, you are expecting some improvement or lessening of the decline in volumes for the legacy piece. Do I have that right first of all and...
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, and one reason is we've got a lot easier comps in the second half than we had in the first half, which... but we think... our outlook is based on volumes decline in second half of '08 compared to second half of '07 will be substantially diminished versus what we've seen in the first half.
Jason Brown - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Just wanted to clear that out; that's all I had. Thank you.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you very much for your interest. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan and our business. As I said in earlier remarks, I think our plant, people, and our management teams are doing what they can. We are managing our non-energy variable cost very well. We are managing our overhead costs very well. We are managing our fixed cost very well. We are continuing to get price increases. The issue for us in the quarter was obviously aggregate volume and liquid asphalt and diesel fuel costs; this too will pass. We are looking forward to the earnings leverage we have with a little bit of volume growth and a little bit stability in energy costs. Hopefully before too many quarters, we'll be able to share with you the benefits of that. Thank you so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have an excellent week.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman and CEO Daniel F. Sansone - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs Garik Shmois - Longbow Capital Research Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup Timna Tanners - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vulcan Materials' first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Lacy, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this conference call to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2008. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials Company. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan and we hope our remarks and dialogue will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Descriptions to these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof and the company assumes no obligation to update such statements. Vulcan's first quarter financial results reported yesterday after the market closed include net sales of $772 million and EBITDA of $160 million. Net sales increased 23% from the prior year's first quarter due to the inclusion of Florida Rock. The prior year's EBITDA was a $199 million, which included $43 million from the gain on sale of real estate in California in last year's first quarter. Earnings per diluted share were $0.13 versus $0.91 in the prior year's first quarter. Of course, the prior year's first quarter results included $0.26 per diluted share referable to the sale of the California real estate. The earnings in the current year include a $0.06 per share non-cash charge or deprecation and amortization attributable to the write-off of Florida Rock's assets to fair market values under the purchase accounting rules. We had included a summary table in the body of our press release, which highlights the major changes from the prior year's first quarter to the current year, which we hope will help you to analyze the changes. The economic environment in which these results were achieved was certainly challenging. Housing-related construction has continued to weaken and the credit crisis has begun to affect some private non-residential construction end markets. We are pleased with the resiliency of pricing for all of our products. All major product lines achieved higher pricing compared with the prior year's first quarter in spite of weaker demand. We remained focused on positioning our business to benefit from a recovery in demand by effectively managing our cost structure, fully developing the operational and cost synergies from the Florida Rock acquisition and continuing to add reserves in key higher growth markets. Before I move into specific comments regarding consolidated first quarter results, let me remind you that the current year's first quarter results include Florida Rock, and of course, the prior year results do not. Historical comparison for Vulcan's and Florida Rock's legacy businesses are increasingly difficult, because we have rapidly restructured and integrated the combined businesses into five of Vulcan's eight divisions. The operations in Georgia and Tennessee we divested on April of the 11th as a result of Hart-Scott-Rodino review are included for the full quarter. The operations in Virginia we divested in late March are included for the period that we owned those operations. Generally, from an operational standpoint, our businesses performed well in the first quarter, in light of the much lower volume. Aggregates net sales increased 1% to $490 million. Aggregates EBITDA approximated the prior year's first quarter, as higher pricing offset the earnings impact due to lower volumes. Aggregates pricing increased 9%, with all major markets realizing price increases from the prior year. Aggregates shipments in most legacy Vulcan served markets saw double-digit volume declines when compared with the prior year's first quarter. Overall, shipment levels declined 4% after inclusion of Florida Rock's volumes in the quarter. Certain markets such as Texas and along the Gulf Coast are benefiting from large industrial construction projects, which were contributing to growing demand. Other markets in California, Florida and Mid-Atlantic states were negatively affected by weakness in construction activity, particularly in housing and Aggregates shipments in our Midwestern and Mid-South markets were adversely impacted by snow and unusually weather conditions, particularly late in the quarter. Unit production cost of sales for aggregates and legacy Vulcan operations increased approximately 12% from the prior year's first quarter, due mostly to higher energy-related costs and the impact on lower production volumes. During the quarter, we drove production levels downward to match the lower level of demand. We also saw a sharp increase in energy costs in the quarter. Our plant managers did an excellent job of managing costs in the quarter despite these upward pressures. If energy and the earnings effect from lower production volumes are excluded, their cost reduction efforts resulted in flat year-over-year unit cost of sales for aggregates. These results demonstrate the flexibility of our aggregates plants and our management teams to adjust production levels relatively efficiently to match market demand. Diesel fuel prices or costs, that is, unit cost for diesel fuel increased 53% from the prior year, lowering earnings approximately $12 million. While cash fixed costs related to aggregates production were slightly lower than last year's quarter. Earnings for the asphalt and concrete segment increased from the prior year's first quarter due to the acquisition of Florida Rock. Material margins in these product lines have been under pressure due to higher cost for asphalt and internally supplied aggregates, as well as weaker volumes. However, higher prices in these product lines were realized versus the prior year and we remain encouraged by our price resiliency in the context of weaker construction activity. Asphalt prices increased 3% from the prior year, that is asphalt mix prices. We were not able to move prices up fast enough to offset a 25% increase in the average unit cost for liquid asphalt and the higher cost for aggregate supplied internally through our asphalt plants. The average concrete selling price including the legacy Florida Rock operations increased approximately 4% from the prior year's first quarter. The earnings effect of lower volume and the higher cost for key raw materials such as cement and internally supplied aggregate more than offset the price increase. Fixed costs in the asphalt and concrete segment were down over 5% in the quarter, as our managers aggressively focused on costs. Selling, administrative and general expenses in the current year were $93 million versus $74 million in the prior year's first quarter. Legacy Vulcan SAG expenses were $3 million lower than last year's first quarter, but were more than offset by the inclusion of the legacy Florida Rock operations, which accounted for all of the year-over-year increase. As a percent of net sales, consolidated SAG costs were 12% compared to 11.8% last year. Interest expense increased approximately 37 million from prior year's first quarter due to the additional borrowings to fund the acquisitions of Florida Rock. Our outlook for 2008 is subject to a great deal of uncertainty, with respect to both the economy and the turmoil in the financial markets. We are seeing a prolonged and severe downturn in residential construction. We also see weaker macro data for contract awards and other end markets. In addition, we see the impact of higher cost for construction inputs and the effect of increasing energy-related costs. In the first quarter, we were able to reduce operating hours and hold cash fixed costs flat. We will continue to evaluate costs in all areas in order to ensure that costs are aggressively managed in light of weaker demand outlook. We continue to expect improved pricing for our products to help offset these higher costs. Leading indicator such as contract awards project a continuation of the significant decline in residential construction as well as some weakness in other end markets. In Vulcan served markets, we now expect aggregates demand for residential construction in 2008 to decrease approximately 27% from last year's levels. This decrease is indicative of further weakness that materialize in the first quarter of '08 and compares unfavorably to the roughly 15% decline we forecast at the end of 2007. Certain categories of non-residential construction are also expected to weaken during 2008. These subcategories include stores, retail and institutional construction projects, which are more closely related to the level of residential construction activity and comprise a large percentage of the overall non-risk category of construction. Large industrial projects in Texas and along the Golf Coast should mitigate some of this weakness in Vulcan served markets. Highway and infrastructure construction continues to be steady. However, the costs of construction inputs such as liquid asphalt and diesel are consuming a larger proportion of highway and infrastructure construction dollars compared to aggregates. As a result, we now estimate full year aggregate shipments including legacy Florida Rock operations for the full year to be flat to up 4% versus the prior year. We expect relatively stronger shipments in the second half of 2008 than in the first two quarters. A pricing environment that recognizes the higher cost of replacing reserves has been instrumental and helping us to achieve price improvements by lower volumes. Additionally, aggregates production continues to be burdened by increasing cost for energy-related and steel-based materials. Pricing momentum we achieved in 2005 and 2006 continued in 2007. In 2008, we believe this momentum will continue resulting in price improvements of approximately 8%. We expect to achieve this overall average price improvement in spite of relatively lower shipments in our higher price markets, particularly Florida and California. Overall, we expect a 10% to 15% increase in aggregates segment earnings in 2008. Asphalt mix and concrete segment earnings should be 10% to 20% higher in 2008, due to the inclusion of earnings from Florida Rock's concrete segment. Total concrete volumes for the company in 2008 should be in the range of 7 to 7.3 million cubic yards. The average unit price for asphalt mix and concrete should increase in 2008 and partially offset cost increase for key raw materials, including liquid asphalt, cement and internally supplied aggregates. For the reasons indicated, we now expect consolidated EBITDA for 2008 to be in the range of $1.170 billion to $1.260 billion. Consolidated earnings from continuing operations should be in the range of $3.85 to $4.35 per diluted share. This 2008 earnings outlook includes $76 million of EBITDA and $0.41 per share of diluted earnings referable to gains related to the two divested properties that were owned by Vulcan, prior to the acquisition of Florida Rock. The integration of Florida Rock is proceeding, as planned, and will help make Vulcan a stronger and more diversified organization for the future. We expect an annual synergies level of $50 million to be achieved by the end of 2008. These savings are being realized operationally and through overhead reductions. Our ability to serve our customers effectively in certain markets will be enhanced and the strategic assets received in exchange for the divestitures required by the Justice Department will add to our capability. We applied a rail-connected quarry to add production capacity and over 20 million tons of critical reserves to the Greater Sacramento market, where the California Geological Survey estimates they are less than 10 years of permitted reserves to serve that market. We acquired two quarries in Virginia, along interstate highway 81 in the Shenandoah Valley, with over a $130 million tons of reserves that complement our existing operations, but serve markets that we could not reach effectively from our existing points. In San Antonio, we added over 85 million tons of valuable permitted reserves to our existing 1604 quarry. In the first quarter, we also acquired a quarry in the western suburb of Chicago, with a 185 million tons of reserves, as part of our 1031 exchange to deferred cash taxes on the divestiture of properties from the Florida Rock transaction. Early in the second quarter, we acquired a quarry outside of Los Angles, with a 159 million tons of reserves, which we also included in our 1031 exchange. Both of these were stock transactions. In addition to these strategic assets, we will use the 240 million of cash proceeds to receive this part of the transactions to reduce debt. During the first quarter, we received a 10 million annual earn out payment related to the sale of our chemicals business back in 2005. In closing, I would like to reiterate our confidence and future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. Our construction materials businesses have generated good results during times of weaker demand for our products and much better results as demand improves. The foundation of our confidence is the strategy we've employed to establish an aggregates focused business that has the great advantage of strategic locations in major U.S. markets, expected to experience above average growth in aggregates demand for many years into the future. Summarizing the key attributes of our aggregates focus business and how this strategy benefits Vulcan and its shareholders, our 2008 results should benefit from the following attributes. Aggressive management of our controllable costs, a diversified regional exposure, increasing value of permitted reserves in fast growing metropolitan markets and the broad use of aggregates in downstream products and diverse end markets, including relatively stable demand from public funding or multi-year construction projects are typical, and a strong and consistent focus on cash generation. Beyond 2008, we remain optimistic about state and federal leadership to fund transportation and infrastructure construction. As an example, California's needs for additional spending on infrastructure is well documented and the governor and state legislator have put in place continuous strategic growth plan which currently contemplates over a $140 billion for infrastructure construction, with over $200 billion being in the overall long-term plan. The debates in Washington over fuel taxes and infrastructure spending places increasing focus on our nation's need for improved infrastructure and a sound system to finance those needs. We believe that debate is healthy for industry and our company, as well as our country and will ultimately lead us to a more dynamic and soundly finance public infrastructure program. We thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now, our operator will give you the required instructions. We will be happy to respond to your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first quarter will come from the line of Ajay Kejriwal with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, gentlemen.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, how are you?
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good. Thank you. Maybe just to start with, on pricing in the quarter 9%, could you clarify how much of that is due to the high priced Florida Rock stone, and if you could, how much was the pricing on the legacy operations?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Legacy op… from the price increase in legacy operations was approximately the same, as the overall price increase. Of course, you know, many of the Florida Rock operations are northern Florida, so that pricing was more typical of Vulcan overall. Certainly, the price increases in Florida were among the highest we achieved in the quarter, but, as you know, the volume in Florida is weak, and so the impact of Florida pricing on the overall price mix was very small.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. So, maybe if you could help us with some geographic color, Florida was much higher, but what about California?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: California price increases were not nearly as robust as in the prior six or seven years, as you can imagine, particularly in southern California. Demand was weak in the quarter. The Caltrans projects and the public infrastructure projects that are included as part of the infrastructure program are just beginning to roll out, and so the volume impact from those projects which we hope will offset the weakness in residential and private non-res were certainly not significant in the first quarter, but should increase and be visible by the end of the year. But we had, as I said, price increases all across our footprint. We didn't have any markets where pricing did not increase. Florida was among the higher and California was among the lower regions in terms of price increase.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Maybe moving to volume, and if you could help us understand, what volume did in California? Cemex couple of weeks ago mentioned that volume was down about 25%, so wondering how volume did for you in California?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, volumes are all over the board. Our Gulf Coast markets were up 57%. Now, that's coming, as you know, we added production capacity at our CALICA quarry and added a ship which came in service in mid-year '07. That market is booming. We are.. our entire shipping capacity including our new ship is fully committed for the year and volumes in Texas, the Texas Gulf Coast and the entire Gulf Coast including Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama are booming. Texas generally is booming, and our volumes there were up over 25% in the quarter. Our volumes were down most significantly in the cold weather sort of central markets that is the Midwest and the Upper Mid-South markets, where we had volume decreases in the plus or minus 40% range, due significantly to bad weather, but we also believe the demand has slowed there to some extent. In California, our volumes are off, but probably in the 25% range… 20% to 25% range in California and that's varies substantially by market in California, but overall about a 20% to 25%.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Show good color there. Maybe moving to your guidance, wondering what's baked in, in terms of your end market expectations, you've provided good color on residential outlook, but just in terms of what you're thinking volumes for highways and non-res?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, in terms of aggregates tones as opposed to aggregate revenues , we are… we currently see highway is being down about 7% year-over-year, something in that range, other infrastructure projects about 5% and then buildings probably in the 6% to 7% range down. So, and that's really based on as much on construction award data that just come in, in the last quarter. We're seeing some weakness we think, a lot of the weakness and again this is in units and not revenue dollars, as construction input costs go up, the same number of dollars are going to buy newer funds of aggregates, and that's we are seeing that. But we believe we will continue to get price increases, so the revenue trends from these end markets will be relatively stable other than residential.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Capital Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Capital Research: Hi, good morning, gentleman.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good Morning.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Capital Research: Just wondered if you can expand a little bit on your comment with respect to volumes on the second half of the year growing relative to the first half, is that… is your expectation of year-over-year improvement in the second half on volumes or is it just relative to second half--?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's relative. We see the first half being relatively weaker against prior year's first half than the second half. We don't expect volume to increase second half over second half, but we don't think the decrease will be as great second half over second half as first half over first half. And that's based on, strong reduction in the rate of decline, particularly in some end markets.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Capital Research: Okay. Can you care to expand on which end markets, you could expect the rate of decline to soften a little bit?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I believe that highways and public infrastructure ought to be better in the second half, housing is anyone's guess, and then the whole non-res, we think the industrial construction particularly in the Southeast and the Gulf Coast is going to continue to be very strong and grow, but retail, buildings it will probably soften. We've seen a number of large retailers, like Home Depot and others have announced a slowing of the number of new stores they are building, and that's probably showing up in the end markets contract award data.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Capital Research: Sure. And, can you talk a little about diesel, and are you seeing perhaps a change in the distance that you're willing to ship or competitors willing to ship, based on higher diesel costs. Has that changed perhaps over the several last months and does that impact perhaps your pricing strategy?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly, it… at the end of the day, the delivered cost of aggregates tends to be what matters to customers and I think as the much, much higher cost for diesel fuel has occurred, the shipping radius for trucks or quarries tends to shrink. The railroads are charging higher rates to offset the higher diesel fuel costs they are consuming and even with barge and ship shipments, the ships are dramatically more energy efficient than any other means of aggregate transportation. But even there, I think, the cost of energy have a certainly a very significant impact on the delivered cost of aggregates and that makes a difference in how far people are willing to move.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Capital Research: Do you see an opportunity there, giving your--?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly, we've said before that that it is one of the reasons that we are able to get price increases in a weaker market just because the shipping radius is diminished.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Capital Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jack Kasprzak with BB&T Capital. Please proceed.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi, good morning, Don.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jack, how are you?
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks, yourself?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to ask with regard to the comment on credit market issues and effects those issues are having on construction, and did you guys… are you guys actually seeing projects that you thought the customers are telling, you're going to go ahead being delayed or canceled, I mean, was that a more mediated impact here in the last few months?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think our comment is based on macro data, just tightening of credit standards and then some on reduction in consumer confidence and seeing that playing out in the announced retail construction program of many big retailers. So, I think the financial market impacts have a lot to do with consumer confidence. They have a lot to do with tightening credit standards. But in terms of seeing individual projects being canceled, that's not he bases of our comment. Our comments are based totally on the macro outlook that we are seeing in terms of construction awards and lending standards in the announcements of other company.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But not seeing projects that we had booked or planned on actually being canceled in our market.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Also you mentioned that the $10 million earn out related to chemicals business, but that did not affect Q1 '08?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, that's in discontinued operations.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jack, there is no earnings impact of that, that has been anticipated, so it was just a cash flow benefit.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. I just wanted to clarify that.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and that will flip over into earnings from discontinued ops once we… probably in…
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably in '09.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and then continuing for few years after that.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And I wanted to ask to maybe for Dan, update if you could on '08 CapEx, D&A and interest expense?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: DD&A for 2008 will be in the neighborhood of $395 million. CapEx will still be at… Cash CapEx will still be at the $485 million number we indicated previously. That excludes, of course, the two acquisitions that Don referenced in his prepared remarks. Those acquisitions were funded through the issuance of stock, so there will be no cash requirement for those two deals. And the interest expense for the year will be in the $185 million to $190 million range and that does anticipate that we term out another $600 million to $800 million of… or convertible $600 million to $800 million of short-term debt to long-term debt about the middle of the year.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Chris Manuel with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: A couple of questions for you. First, could you give us an update on the Lake Belt and the situation down there?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, at this point the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has not yet ruled. We would not be surprised to see a ruling any day now. The other piece of that is the Army Core of Engineers permit. I believe that the Core of Engineers website indicates that their environment impact works… supplemental environmental impact statement would be released in sometime in May. I don't know whether that's still a good date or not. But at this point, most of the quarries are still operating at full throttle. The ones that are limited are the Vulcan quarry, the Titan quarry and one of the White Rock quarry. So, at this point, we are still in the same status we have been since last year and we are waiting on a ruling to see where we go, it's our outlook for the full year assumes in essence simply no change from the status quo. We believe there will be a change from the status quo, but it would be very difficult for us to predict what that would be in terms of earrings impact for the full year. But, so, it really is as negative for us today, as it can be, in the sense that we are limited, while others are not, at this point.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, that's helpful. The other questions I had were with respect to I really would say were stop transactions, the one in Chicago and the one out in California.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: As well as, then you did an asset swap with Mark Marietta. Could you give us a stance as to valuations as multiple say of EBITDA for the acquired and divested property?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have done some numbers in the… depending upon what you include, the range of EBITDAs for the divested properties for the last 12 months is 10.5 to 11, if you go back to the EBITDAs, at the time, we bought them from Florida Rock, the multiple we got was up in the 14 range. So, we were pleased with the outcome. These are great quarries. They are wonderful assets and I know that Martin Marietta and Luck and Frank Foley then in Columbus, Georgia have gotten very good assets and will do well and we were very pleased with the properties we got in exchange plus cash proceeds.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then the other two stock transactions?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't have that information in front of me.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that, I am sorry.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. That's fine. But I am guessing it won't be material different?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know that. I just don't have it. I don't have the…
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: No problem, I'll follow backup.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then one question for you, with respect to the financing, I think you said you anticipated a mid-year type of term out for the rest of that, for another slug of that debt. Have you seen any change with respect to what do you think rates were either worst or better? I know we have had a couple of cuts in interest rate, but yet credit markets have got worst, can you give us an update there as to how you anticipate that playing out?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What we've been seeing in the last few weeks is a general improvement in the receptivity of the investment grade bond market to new issuances. We are seeing generally more liquidity than we had seen earlier in the year. We are seeing the longer end of the yield curve creep up and we are seeing a little tightening of spreads. I am not sure that it's translating into meeting for your lower rates, but fortunately as the back end of the yield curve has crept up, we have seen a bit of tightening in spreads. So, we are not looking at a dramatically different all in costs than we were contemplating few months earlier. But we do, as of this week, feel very good about the liquidity in the market and the ability to place this debt and one of the areas where that has been coming through is that the new issuance concessions or the new issuance premiums have been coming down a little bit. So, all in all, assuming the wheels don't fly off, we are cautiously optimistic that we will have a fairly smooth offering when we do go to market.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. That's all I have. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of John Fox with Fenimore Asset Management. Please proceed.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, John.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: I got a number of questions. First, Don, your answer to the last question that 10.5 to 11, was that the multiple of EBITDA on the properties exchanged with Martin?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That was the total package of all properties exchanged. That included some properties from Luck Stone.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. But that was a multiple EBITDA, not the EBITDA itself?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct, yes, multiple.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. And then for the guidance for this year, the base level for shipments, is that the 231 for last year?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. So, we would be--?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And John one of the… I've said earlier in response to another question that the question was that we expect volumes in the second half to be higher than in the second half of last year and on legacy, the answer to that is no combined Vulcan, the answer is yes, we expect volumes to be higher in the second half of the '08 than in the second half of '07.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right due to the inclusion of the Florida Rock asset.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right, I got that. Okay. For Dan, given if things go according to plan, would you say that, what would be the debt level at the end of the year?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our current projections indicate that we will by the end of the year achieve approximately a $200 million debt reduction from year end 2007, which was right at above $3.7 billion of debt at year end '07.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: And that's with--?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: $400 million.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Thank you. And I was just curious about, if you could comment on highway funding and lot of noise about gas tax holiday and different things? And if you could just talk about your appropriations and what do you look to see for highway funding in 2009?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right. I think the key issues are things that are being debated and are pending in congress right now. One is the projected shortfall in the Federal Highway Trust bond for the '09 fiscal year and it's about $3.7 billion or so which is the projected shortfall.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As you are aware, there is a federal aviation reauthorization bill is in the senate, attached to that is a made whole appropriation for the highway trust fund for the '09 fiscal year. That bill is tied up in some debate over some various and sundry taxes that are unrelated to the highway trust fund that are in there.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But there is a commitment by Congress to fill that void, or projected void, in the highway trust fund for '09. We are, I think, reasonably optimistic that that problem will get solved. The every billion dollars of highway funding at the federal level generates 35,000 to 45,000 jobs and I think that's a… in addition to the great need for infrastructure improvements, that's very sensitive in Congress. So, we don't foresee that as being a problem, if it is a problem, it is a matter of timing and it maybe that state DOTs until that hole is plugged or sitting on some contracts and that is probably one of the reasons that we are seeing a little bit of weakness in highway contract awards over the last 3 to 6 months, but we think that one will be okay. The other issue that's going on is the gas tax holiday. We obviously view that as being very poor public policy for a whole lot of reasons even beyond our own economic self interest, it just doesn't make sense. The projected impact on an average consumer is very low and there is a big question as to whether they would ever actually see a reduction in gasoline prices or fuel tax reduction. Our information is that leaders in the both House and the Senate have no interest in that and it's right now [inaudible] something that presidential candidates get to debate about on philosophical basis, but there is not any legs to it, but we are encouraged that even though let's say that the gasoline tax should be suspended or also coming back and saying whatever impact that would be on the highway trust fund balance which is projected to be in the range of $10 million would need to be restored out of other funds. So, we don't think even if that holiday is passed, that it will ultimately affect the highway trust fund. The third big issue is reauthorization, which would begin in FY 2010.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The report of the commission which the last time bill authorized is come out, I am sure you read it, but it is calling for dramatic increases in pubic infrastructure spending, particularly highways. We also note with some interest, the growing coalition of state and local government leaders that is bipartisan, it has Governor Schwarzenegger, it has Governor Rendell from Pennsylvania, have Mayor Bloomberg and they are basically saying, we have dramatically underspent on public infrastructure spending. This has to change. It should no be a political football, and so we think there is a growing consensus among state and local government leaders and very high profile leaders, like the three I mentioned, to change the mindset, particularly in the White House about what public infrastructure spending also look like in the next six year bill. There is a lot of work to be done, a lot of analysis to be done, but we are… I think, we are bullish on the ultimate outcome and as painful as it is to pickup the newspaper and read about our presidential candidate proposing to spend the gasoline tax, it is forcing the debate and it is forcing the issue in Congress and that is, we think that is ultimately positive.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc. Please proceed.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Good morning.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Could you guys give us a little bit more clarity on the guidance as far as volume, like you gave us in February where you breakout legacy Vulcan and then with Florida Rock, I understand what with Florida Rock is, but can you break it out what just legacy Vulcan expectations will recognize?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I can do that for the first quarter and legacy Vulcan volume were down about 18%. Legacy Florida Rock volumes including the divested quarries for the first quarter were down something like 27% in aggregate volume. As we go forwarded that becomes increasingly a murky, because we are moving volume to the most efficient quarry location, and so the difference between legacy Florida Rock and legacy Vulcan has essentially gone away. Recall every Florida Rock operation was essentially a bolt-on operation to existing Vulcan operations and part of the synergy and the transaction is particularly in a time of very hard diesel fuel cost is optimizing the source of material to customers and project to minimize the transportation costs and that's by barge, by rail, by truck and by ship, all of which were implicated between the Vulcan and Florida Rock ingredients. Clearly, Florida volumes, we expect the state of Florida both legacy Vulcan and legacy Florida Rock volumes, we project to be weak throughout 2008. So, overall, it will be increasingly difficult for us as quarters go on to say, legacy volume was up or down. We can do it from individual quarries, but the problem is, we are making conscious shifts to move volume back and forth and that complicates or makes the analysis far less reliable.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And them just one other question, with the run up of diesel that you guys have talked about quite a bit, that's impacting you guys, the 8%, you have brought your guidance, the pricing guidance to just more of a finite 8%. Does this assume any additional price increases, maybe mid-year or something to help offset diesel or are all those price increases already in place?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There will be some price increases. As we have said before at Vulcan, we do pricing by product, by customer, by quarry, and not some overall price increase at some point in the year. There will be price increases that will take effect throughout 2008. They are not all in place at this point. We don't… typically Vulcan does not provide the truck transportation. For our aggregates, we do that only in a couple of markets. So in that respect, we would not have any sort of surcharge. Certainly, we provide barge transportation and ship transportation and we typically would not have a fuel surcharge but would have an adjustment as those costs change and the rail movements often times will have a fuel surcharge from the railroads and we would work that out on a case-by-case basis with our customer.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay, thank you. And I just have one last question and I apologize if I missed this. But on the acquisitions that you talked about on the call, not related to the Florida Rock divestitiures and swaps, what kind of impact, if any, do you expect from these acquisitions in the year, and is that I guess in your guidance as well?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It is in our guidance. There will be additional aggregate volume from those operations. They were not… and I think this is an important point, while those two transactions were not a part of the swap with Martin Marietta or Luck Stone per say, they were done as part of the overall 1031 transaction which allowed us to defer gain on the disposition of the quarries by reinvesting the proceeds in other quarries and that's… so in that sense, they were part of a larger transaction.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. So, if I understand that right, so they were part of the $0.41 that you guys already talked about?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The $0.41 is just the two operations that were divested that were legacy Vulcan operations.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. I got you.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the Florida Rock operations were pursuant to purchase accounting, were written-off to whatever we sold them for [ph]. So, there will be no gain or loss on the disposition of legacy Florida Rock operations.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Where the effect of the inclusion of the two acquisitions, the one in Illinois and the one California, have an effect is really in the cash taxes that are paid. It shows up more in the cash flow schedule and not in the income statement, because it is allowing us to differ some of the gain on disposition of the nine operations that we had to sell. So, we are not paying as much cash tax on those tax gains and that's where the effect really, really manifested. So, in the entire mix of acquisitions and divestitures by employing the 1031 exchange, we have already differed approximately $30 million in cash tax savings and we still are teeing up additional properties to match against some of that and will have additional cash tax savings. That's all embedded in the debt reduction guidance that I gave earlier.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And for those of you who have followed Vulcan over a longer period of time, you realized we are far more focused on cash flows than accounting earnings and so we have tried to structure the transactions in a way to maximize the cash benefit and not the accounting results.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Aynsley Lammin with Citi. Please proceed.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: Hi, good morning.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: And could you just first one, if you just comment a bit on the kind of cement market in Florida and your expectations for volume and prices this year? And if you could just remind us of the annual capacity you got in cements and the expansion plan. I think it was just the plant in Newberry 2009 coming on, if you can just confirm that. And then secondly just kind of returning back to the aggregates, your expectations of the margins in the aggregates business, is the increase in process you are seeing. Are they just enough to offset the cost or would you expect some margin expansion in the aggregates segment this year as well?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll address the cement question and ask Dan to comment on the margin question. We have about 850,000 tons of domestic production capacity at the Newberry plant. The second phase of that plant will come on stream probably by the end of the first quarter of 2009. Cement production and consumption in the state of Florida now is affected by the dramatic reduction in imports. The increase in production capacity for the domestically produced cement and the decline in the demand have so far been, I think in reasonable balance. There are, as our additional 850,000 tons of capacity coming on at the end of first quarter '09 with a couple of other plants that will add to capacity in Florida will in all likelihood create some excess capacity at current levels of demands. Hopefully current levels of demand in Florida are not permanent they will begin to recover in 2009, 2010 timeframe, but the reduction is supply has come largely come from imports. But the… but I think it's a fair conclusion that the new capacity coming on stream given the current level of demand will create excess cement capacity in Florida. Certainly some of that capacity is now being shipped outside the state. And that will certainly continue as well. Dan can get to your margin question.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The margins that we see for cement are on a cash margin basis, which would exclude the effect of many of the step up and depreciation charge. As a percent of revenue or on a per ton basis, they are actually about flat with the 2007 comparable levels. And that had to do with the makeshift that Don mentioned and that being we are selling a lot less, imported cement on which we make a thinner margin and a bigger proportion of our cement sales are on produced cement. And so the mix affect is actually yielding roughly a comparable cash margin. Of course the growth profit margin, gross profit as a percent of revenues will be lower and a lot of that reduction is attributable to the step up in depreciation growing out of purchase accounting.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There was a county in earlier, question earlier about the impact of the cost of higher fuel prices certainly the cost of imported cement and Florida is affected not only by those higher fuel costs but also by the weakness of the dollar. So if you are buying Euro based cement, and importing it into Florida with higher fuel cost you can understand why the imports have been… the supply side that has gone away.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: Just one final one if you could just, and give an indication of the price of cements in Florida at the moment please?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's plus or minus $100.
Aynsley Lammin - Citigroup: Thanks very much. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line Timna Tanners with UBS. Please proceed.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Hi good morning.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Timna.
Timna Tanners - UBS: I wanted to ask you a little bit more about what your backlog tells you, just how much visibility do you think it provides currently?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think there is any inconsistency with our backlog and our outlook. We don't… backlog for us is limited to large projects. We are typical smaller project things are not done by long-term contract they may begin and end in a three month cycle. So we wouldn't have a contractual backlog say for things that might go into the third or fourth quarter of 2008. But for the large projects we have more visibility and only industrial projects. I think things are more robust now than they have been in the past and I mentioned particularly things that relate to energy projects, that is refineries and LNG facilities and that relate to heavy manufacturing things like rail cars and automobiles that are increasingly being manufactured in the South-East and the steel, growth in steel business to supply those automobile and rail car facilities, there is very good visibility there. There is almost no backlog based on residential construction, there never is and that's just done on almost spot basis. Highways, large highway projects do have some visibility and we are, I think, we are well positioned there and are confident as I said in our prepared remarks, about the stability of demand for highways.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Okay, great and then just the other question I had with on non-energy related cost. If you could give a little bit more color on the impact of higher explosives in steel costs for you?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, explosives are derivative of natural gas and so they have moved up with natural gas prices. We consume steel in the crushing process and certainly steel prices are up. But the big impact on our cost in the first quarter, were not those items. It was primarily diesel fuel and the fixed cost absorption impact of lower production volumes. Other than those two items, we had very good cost performances in the quarter. Dan, do you have any additional information to attend [ph] this question?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Drilling and blasting costs did rise, probably in the neighborhood of 10% to 11% on a per unit basis and that again reflects the energy content embedded in those costs. But that's a relatively small proportional of our total cost of sale. So, it is not really moving the total cost picture that far out of whack. It's really the diesel and energy cost that are the most dramatic.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the real opportunity for us on the cost side is labor efficiency and productivity and cash period cost management, both of which we think our guys did a really good job on the first quarter and are very focused on the remainder of the year.
Timna Tanners - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of [inaudible]. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning gentlemen, I had just one question regarding price increase Martin Marietta in its press release mentioned some possible mid-year aggregates price, what do you think about that?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well as I said in response to an earlier question we will have price increases for some products in some markets through out the year. At this note as I read the Martin Marietta press release that their first quarter prices increased something below 4% and they were projecting, I guess full year may be an 8% price increase, so I would assume from that that they expect to have some price increases throughout the year. At the end of the year we don't know where they will come out or where we will come out, but we are in substantially different markets then they are. So the overall pricing that we achieve and they achieve would be largely independent of each other.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much for your interest we look forward to talking with you at the end of the second quarter. We will see you then thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald M. James - Chairman and CEO Daniel F. Sansone - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Mike Woods - Banc of America Securities Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc. Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets Michael Betts - J.P. Morgan John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Vulcan Materials' Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Frances, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Thank you for joining this conference call to discuss our 2007 results and our outlook for 2008. I'm Don James, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials Company. We appreciate your interest in Vulcan. We hope our remarks and dialogue will be helpful to you. A replay of this conference call will be available later today at our website. Joining me today is Dan Sansone, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I begin, let me remind you that certain matters discussed in this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Description to these risks and uncertainties are detailed in the company's SEC reports, including our most recent report on Form 10K. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date here of and the company assume no obligation to update such statements. Vulcan achieved record results in a challenging economic environment. These record results included net sales of more than $3 billion, operating cash flows of approximately $700 million, operating earnings of $714 million and EBITDA of $982 million. Despite weaker demand for our products, principally from residential construction, these results underscore the fundamental strength and resiliency of our businesses. To put this in perspective, a historic look back five years ago might be informative. The comparison to 2002 results is worth noting for two reasons. First, higher earnings on similar levels of aggregate shipments and more importantly what our current profitability could mean to margin improvement when volumes began to recover. In 2007, the absolute level of aggregate shipments were similar to 2002's level. Construction activity in 2002 is hampered by an economic slowdown calls by the tech bubble in the 2001, 2002 timeframe. And as a result our aggregates shipments in 2002 had declined 8% from the prior year. Aggregates shipments in 2007 excluding the Florida Rock acquisition were down 11% versus the prior year due to weakness in residential construction, and were slightly more than the shipment levels we had in 2002. However, if we look at financial results over the same time period, net sales increased 56%, but more importantly earnings per share from continuing operations more than doubled and operating earnings as a percent of sales increased 410 basis points. I believe this ability to achieve good results during weak demand and better results as demand improves is routed in the fundamental strengths of our aggregates focused business. And even though we expect 2008 to be another year of challenging market conditions, we believe record results were achievable and we will continue to position our business for additional earnings growth when volumes begin to recover. Another 2007 highlight is the acquisition of Florida Rock Industries, which we closed on November 16th, 2007. This acquisition which included significant aggregate reserves in attractive markets, continuous our long-term strategy to position our company in markets where reserves are limited and where demand for aggregates is expected to grow at above average rates. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $4.66 in 2007 reflecting an estimated $0.32 per share reduction referable to the Florida Rock acquisition. Earnings from continuing operations in 2006 were $4.81 per diluted share and included a gain of $0.17 resulting from an increase in the carrying value of the ECU earn-out we received as part of the disposition of our chemical's business. The current year's corresponding gain was $0.01 per share. Exclusive of Florida Rock in the ECU earn-out 2007 earnings per share increased approximately 7% from the 2006 level of $4.97 or $24.97 [ph]. Vulcan's legacy businesses performed well in 2007 despite lower volumes in all major product lines. Higher earnings and aggregates and asphalt more than offset lower concrete earnings. Net sales decreased approximately 1%. In legacy Vulcan operations aggregate pricing in 2007 increased approximately 13% with all major markets realizing double-digit price increases above the 2006 levels. Aggregate shipments declined 9% from the prior year. Vulcan served markets in Texas, the Midwest and along the Gulf Coast, saw volume declines in the low single digits. Other markets, such as California, Florida, Washington, D.C. and Phoenix were more negatively affected by weakness in residential construction. The unit production cost for aggregates increased from the prior year due mostly to higher depreciation expense and the impact of lower production levels. Steps taken during the year to mitigate cost increases associated with lower production levels and higher energy prices helped improve our second half earnings. Depreciation increased from the prior year due to higher capital spending to improve production efficiency and increased production and distribution capacity in key markets. These projects have good returns and will benefit our aggregates business as volumes begin to recover. Asphalt earnings increased significantly more than offsetting lower concrete earnings from Vulcan's legacy concrete operations. Asphalt prices increased 12% from the prior year more than offsetting the earnings effect of a 9% decline in volumes and higher cost for the aggregates that we supplied internally. Concrete prices increased approximately 6% from the prior year despite a 30% decline in shipments from 2006 levels. The earnings affect from lower volumes and higher costs for key raw materials such as cement and internally supplied aggregates more than offset the price increase. Although lower earnings were disappointing, the continued resiliency in ready-mix concrete prices is encouraging in the context of weaker demand from residential construction. Selling, administrative and general expenses were $290 million in 2007, compared to $264 million in the prior year. The Florida Rock acquisition accounted for approximately $12 million of this year-over-year increase. As I indicated earlier, we closed the Florida rock transaction on November the 16th. Historical comparisons for the Florida Rock business were difficult because we have rapidly integrated the businesses. And our results include Florida Rock only for a six-week year-end stub period in the fourth quarter. Generally this period of the year is characterized by seasonally low sales levels. In contrast, depreciation, interest and overhead expense are essentially the same as in other calendar periods of comparable length. Thus the earnings per share impact for such a short period can be distorted. 2007 earnings impact of Florida Rock includes operating results for the stub period that Vulcan owned the business, interest expense associated with the financing of the transaction, additional shares issued as part of the transaction, one-time expenses associated with executing the transaction and integrating the businesses and depreciation associated with the write-up of assets to fair market value due to purchase accounting. Specifically, 2007 results include approximately $0.13 per share due to one-time transaction related items, $0.12 per share related higher interest expense attributable to the additional debt incurred upon the transaction and $0.07 per share due to the effect of additional shares issued in conjunction with the transaction. Of the $0.32 per share dilution for the full year, approximately $0.28 was incurred in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter legacy Vulcan operating earnings, excluding Florida Rock decreased from the prior-year's fourth quarter due to slightly lower results for aggregates and asphalt and sharply lower concrete results. Pricing in all three product lines increased despite lower volumes. Our prices for aggregates, asphalt and concrete were mostly offset by lower production levels and the sharp increase in energy costs. Aggregate shipments in the fourth quarter decreased 12% from last year's fourth quarter. However, some of our markets were relatively stable experiencing flat or slightly better shipping levels when compared with the prior year's fourth quarter. This relatively greater volume occurred in lower price markets of the Midwest in Texas and the Central Gulf Coast and dampened the year-over-year price increase as a result of the shift in geographical mix. For legacy Vulcan, the average price for aggregates excluding freight to remote distribution sites increased 9% from the prior-year's fourth quarter. Aggregates unit cost of sales were higher than in the fourth quarter of 2006, due mostly to higher depreciation expense, lower production volumes as well as increased cost for energy. Compared to other industries with large continuous process plants aggregates facility have the flexibility to increase or decrease production relatively efficiently. In response to lower demand, we reduced aggregates production levels 10% compared to the second half of 2006. While this action negatively impacted third and fourth quarter unit cost, it reduced our year end inventory levels and provided us greater flexibility to respond effectively to changes in demand as we move forward. Unit cost for diesel fuel in the fourth quarter increased 41% from the prior year's fourth quarter, lowering pretax earnings approximately $10 million. Fourth quarter asphalt earnings declined slightly from the prior-year. Higher prices offset most of the earnings effect from lower volumes, higher unit cost for liquid asphalt, and higher transfer prices for internally supplied aggregates. Legacy Vulcan concrete earnings in 2007's fourth quarter declined sharply from the 2006 fourth quarter level due mostly to lower sales volumes. Concrete prices increased slightly. Higher pricing was more than offset by the lower volumes as well as higher costs for cement, and for aggregate supplied internally from our quarries. Before we discuss the details of our 2008 outlook, let me first say that we will now report financial results in three segments based on the product lines of aggregates, asphalt and concrete, and cement. Turning to our outlook for 2008, while market conditions remain uncertain particularly for residential construction, we expect another year of record results for Vulcan Materials. Leading indicators such as contract awards for new project show public and private non-residential construction in Vulcan served markets continued to grow and to lead other US markets. Highway awards in Vulcan served markets have increased approximately 15% annually for the last two years in nominal terms. This growth rate compares favorably with other US markets where awards have increased approximately 6% annually. Some of this increased spending for highways is being offset by higher cost for construction inputs including steel and energy-related costs such as liquid asphalt and diesel fuel. Contract awards for other public and private infrastructure projects such as sewers, waste water, power and utility projects across the US increased in 2006 and again in 2007. Non-residential building construction awards in Vulcan served markets also outperformed other US market led by office buildings and manufacturing plants. While some private nonresidential categories that are more closely linked to residential activity such as stores, saw contract awards decline in 2007, Vulcan served markets held up better than other US markets. Obviously the greatest uncertainty remains in the residential construction sector where 2008 likely will be another year of double-digit declines in activity. However this year-over-year decline will be from a much lower level of construction activity given the historic drop off already realized. As a result, our shipments will be less sensitive to further weakness in residential construction in 2008. Let me illustrate this point using our 2007 legacy shipments as the starting point. In 2006, our aggregate shipments to residential construction were about 64 million tons or 25% of our total shipments. In 2007, we estimate that our aggregate shipments into residential construction brought to about 19% of our total shipments or 43 million tons, a decline of 21 million tons out of the total 27 million ton reduction we saw in 2007. If aggregates demand in residential construction in our markets were to decline another 15% in 2008, our aggregate shipments would decline 6.6 million tons, far less than the 21 million ton decline from 2006 to 2007. Overall, we expect aggregates demand in our markets for infrastructure projects and for non-residential buildings to increase slightly in 2008. The broad use of aggregates and construction and the multi-year nature of highway and infrastructure projects should help to offset continued weakness in residential construction as well as some softening in certain categories of private non-residential construction. Overall, we expect 2008 aggregate shipments from legacy operations to be flat to down 2% versus the prior year. Including the Florida Rock operations for a full year should result in an increase in aggregate shipments of 9% to 12%. A market environment that recognizes the higher cost of replacing reserves has been instrumental in price improvement, despite lower volumes. The pricing momentum of 2005 and 2006 continued in 2007. In 2008, we believe this momentum will continue resulting in price improvement of 8% to 10%. Earnings for the asphalt and concrete segment should be higher in 2008 due to the Florida Rock acquisition. In legacy operations the average unit price for asphalt and concrete should increase and partially offset cost increases due to lower sales volume and higher prices for key raw materials, including liquid asphalt, cement and internally supplied aggregates. Asphalt margins should approximate the prior year, while legacy concrete margin should be slightly lower. Vulcan's 2008 legacy concrete and asphalt operation should approximate 2007 legacy unit volumes. Total concrete volumes for the combined company in 2008 should be in the range of 7 million cubic yard to 7.3 million cubic yards. As a result, we expect consolidated EBITDA for 2008 to be in the range of $1.375 billion to $1.425 billion. Consolidated earnings from continuing operations should be in the range of $4.75 to $5.15 per diluted share. Quantifying the earnings per share impact on our 2008 guidance from the Florida Rock acquisition is difficult. As I mentioned earlier as the integration of both Florida Rock and legacy Vulcan operations into one effective organization continues, the bright lines between the two organizations will become further blurred, making year-over-year comparisons difficult as the year progresses. As a result, our ability to estimate and update this guidance would be limited. However at this point, we estimate the Florida Rock acquisition could reduce earnings per share from 3% to 4% in 2008. This is included in our guidance of $4.75 to $5.15 per share. We will be working hard to offset this earnings impact through additional opportunities and synergies, we are currently pursuing. This strong earnings and cash generation forecast should allow us to reduce overall debt levels, invest in internal projects with good returns and return cash to shareholders. Debt repayment will be a priority use of cash flows in 2008. In 2007, we completed an expansion of our production and shipping capacity at our CALICA quarry on the Yucatan peninsula of Mexico adding about 3 million tons of capacity, which is now on stream. We rebuilt our Kennesaw plant in Atlanta, we built a multi-million ton production plant in Corona, California and completed a new underground mine in the western suburbs of Chicago. We also made other important aggregate related projects that will improve our abilities to serve our markets, and will lower our cost. Additionally, we expect a cement plant expansion underway of our Newberry plant in Florida, to be completed by the end of the year. As a result, we believe our capital spending in 2008 will approximate 2007 levels of about $483 million to $485 million and subsequently will trend down to a more normalized levels as these large projects are completed. In February this year, our Board of Directors increased quarterly dividend 6.5% to $0.49 per share. This marks the 16th constitutive year our dividend has increased. All of our products are produced and consumed outdoors and therefore are subject to seasonal weather and construction patterns. This seasonality makes predicting the timing of sales and earnings performance from one quarter to the next a challenge. As a result, our 2007 guidance is for our full year and not by quarter. This change is consistent with our management practices in running our business. During the year we will continue to provide quarterly commentary regarding sales and earnings drivers for our business. During the first quarter of 2008, we expect to complete the divestiture required by the Department of Justice of nine sites in a series of transactions. We currently expect these divestitures to be a combination of cash sales and asset swaps. Our 2008 earnings outlook includes $85 million to $90 million of EBITDA and $0.47 to $0.50 per share of diluted earnings referable to these assets that are subjected to the swaps. The expected EBITDA and per share earnings incorporate gains related to the two divestiture properties owned by legacy Vulcan. Earnings from the divestiture properties prior to their sale, post-divestiture earnings from swap properties were we will receive in exchange for some of the divested properties and lower interest expense arising from the use of cash proceeds to reduce debt. In closing, I would like to reiterate our confidence in future sales and earnings growth for Vulcan. Our construction materials businesses have generated good results during times of weaker demand for our products and better results as demand has improved. The foundation of our confidence is the strategy, we have employed to establish an aggregates focused business, that has the great advantage of strategic locations in major U.S. markets, expected to experience above average growth and aggregates demand for many years into the future. Our 1999, CalMat acquisition was a continuation of that long-term strategy. Pre-tax earnings from that business have increased over five fold during our ownerships beginning in 1999. The Florida Rock acquisition is also a continuation of that strategy. We believe it will create long-term value for our shareholders by extending our geographic reach and adding increasingly scarce permitted aggregate reserves in fast growing markets. We look forward to the long-term value, this merger will provide our shareholders. We remain focused on successfully and effectively integrating the two companies, our continuing to the deliver solid returns. Summarizing the key attributes of our aggregates focused business and how this strategy benefits Vulcan and the shareholders, our 2008 result should benefit from the following attributes. A more diversified regional exposure, the increasing value of permitted reserves in fast-growing metropolitan markets. And the broad use of aggregates in downstream products in diverse end markets, including relatively stable demand from public funding where multi-year construction contracts are typical. During 2008, we remain optimistic about State leadership to fund transportation and infrastructure construction. As an example, California's need for additional spending on infrastructure is well documented and the Governor and State Legislature have put in place a 10-year strategic growth plan, which contemplates over $200 billion for infrastructure construction. States such as Virginia have also approved additional funding for highway and infrastructure projects. We believe other states will take a closer look at additional funding sources. We thank you for your interest in Vulcan. Now if our operator will give you the required instruction, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ajay Kejriwal with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, gentleman.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: On your pricing guidance of 8% to 10%, I guess that includes Florida Rock, but --
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it does.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, wondering if you could help us with what you expect for Florida Rock versus legacy Vulcan, just so if we can make apples-to-apples comparison?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the rate of increase in aggregates prices will be higher in Florida than in other markets in 2008. That's already in place, as you know. I don't have a breakdown between, as you know, Florida was also a part of the legacy Vulcan business. And so, it's depending upon where we source the material that goes to Florida, it could be counted as part of the Florida Rock or Florida legacy Vulcan. So, that's one of those distinctions that get increasingly difficult to make. But, our 8% to 10% does include additional volumes in Florida whether sourced from Florida Rock, legacy quarries or Vulcan legacy quarries.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, I guess, if you could help us understand what you're looking for in Florida? So, legacy Vulcan plus Florida Rock volumes, if you combined that together, what would be pricing just in Florida?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's substantially above the 8% to 10%. But, as you know I guess last year, SYMEX announced a $5 per ton price increase for aggregates in their facilities in Florida. I believe that increase has taken affect and certainly that's depending upon which market you are in Florida and because of the difference between the pricing of imported aggregates and domestically produced aggregates, that rate of increase is different from market-to-market. But, overall it is substantially above 8% to 10% overall price increase. I can't give you a breakdown of exactly how much that is.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: I mean the SYMEX number we all heard was about $5 last year, so is $2 to $3 a fair number to use for all of your operations because the $5 apparently was just in the Miami portion?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think that's correct I think that would apply to Tampa and Jacksonville and Orlando as well. Again we are trying to draw distinctions between whether the price increase is coming from a Florida Rock legacy quarry our Vulcan legacy quarry is just not something, I mean we can guess but as the year progresses those things are going to move around a great deal. Suffice it to say that Florida will have a significantly higher rate of price increase than other markets in the U.S. largely based on the shrinking reserve base there.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: I got it. Moving to volume, residential '07 volume of 43 million could you provide us similar numbers for non-res and the infrastructure pieces please?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we published the percentage that or we will publish it as soon as we put out our 10-K but I'll give you those numbers. In '07 we estimate and I emphasize we estimate because when a truck load of rock leaves our gate we cannot be certain where it ends up but we estimate that 47% of our shipments went to public, publicly funded infrastructure projects of about 19% in the residential both single family, multifamily, 31% in the private non-res, then about 3% in the other which would include railroad ballast and agricultural and chemical uses.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So it sounds like you are assuming 15% decline in residential and low single-digit increases in non-res and infrastructure buckets?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Lastly on your guidance which includes $0.47 to $0.50 from the divestiture of those nine assets --
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It includes more than that, it includes earnings from sites to be divested until they are in fact divested. It includes the earnings from properties we will get into swaps, it includes interest savings that we project from being able to pay down debt with cash proceeds and it includes gain on the two properties that are legacy Vulcan, as you know, we will not record a gain on the Florida Rock legacy assets to be sold because we will first write them up to fair market value which by definition will be the amount we them selling for. So the… how well that breaks out is still uncertain we are moving along with the buyers and people who will be swapping for those properties but we do not have firm contracts yet and so that's just an estimate and I don't think we are prepared to try to be any more precise about how much of that is coming from earnings and how much is coming from interest savings and how much is coming from gain. We will give you that information once these transactions are firm and final but at this point, there is a lot of moving parts in that number.
Ajay Kejriwal - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Hi, good morning.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about infrastructure volumes for '08. And just maybe break it out between some of the states that you are more confident and some of the states that you are seeing a little bit more weakness? And also, if you could discuss just some of the concerns out there with respect to states discussing budgeting problems and if you think that that could be a risk to your infrastructure outlook?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: By far, the most significant state for public infrastructure as we look at '08 is California. You, I'm sure are aware of the bond funding for infrastructure that's been approved. You are aware of the program there that I referenced in my remarks. One of the bright spots of state infrastructure funding is that as we understand it at this point, even though California is projecting a significant budget deficit overall, it will have very little if any impact on this infrastructure program. We expect to see some benefit in shipments resulting from that program, certainly by the second half of '08, but that program has got a lot of momentum, it will have a very significant impact on shipments of construction materials in California for years and years and to the future. And as I've said, it appears at this point that it is not tied to the overall 10% reduction that Governor Schwarzenegger has asked for from the various departments in California State government. Virginia as you probably know has substantially increased its commitment to public highway funding. There is some more sensitivity in Virginia, I think to the state budget than in California, but that program is still going forward with substantially increased commitment to public infrastructure spending. On the flip side, the State of Tennessee remains weak and its commitment to highways, most states if you look at the combination of highways and public infrastructure are in the sort of low-single digit increase in demand over '07.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you for that. And can you talk about your aggregates pricing expectations in California. I know you have been able to achieve some very significant increases there over the years with volumes off. In residential business, there can be infrastructures still holding in there, are you expecting another significant perhaps double-digit price increase in some of your larger California markets?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is, the rate of increase in California is probably going to be less than it has been historically until the public infrastructure projects pickup, as you know southern California has been one of the markets that has been affected most by the decline in residential construction. We have added new production capacity at Corona, California, which can serve both the L.A Basin and San Diego. That plant is now fully on stream and we have additional capacity to serve the market. Once the infrastructure program start consuming construction materials in California, we expect the price momentum to resume, but at this point with the slowdown in housing it is less than it has been historically.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Okay. And just lastly if you can discuss this expectations for synergies from Florida Rock a year ago when you announced the acquisition for 2008 you were looking at a figure above [ph] $43 million, would you be able to guide us in some direction of what you're expecting for '08?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think at this point we are right on the projections we gave earlier. We think by the end of '08, we will have in place all of the synergies that would yield annual savings of about $50 million a year. We have achieved or by the end of this month, we will achieve the full $80 million of one-time cash synergies that we projected that has come along very nicely. I think there we're working very hard to identify and achieve additional synergies. They will come largely through operating improvements in both concrete and aggregates as we collect the best scale of knowledge in both companies and put our heads together on ways to work together. There are some additional opportunities that a combined company can pursue in '08 that neither company alone could effectively pursue and we are working hard to get to those. We will give you additional guidance as we can identify and quantify additional synergies, but at this point we are right on track for the $50 million we initially projected.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research: Great thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes form the line of Dan Oppenheim with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Mike Woods - Banc of America Securities: Hi this is Mike Woods. Can you talk about the price increase that you have got towards '08, whether or not that includes any additional increases beyond what you've already announced, the clients generally out there.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not sure I follow your question.
Mike Woods - Banc of America Securities: I understood, within that expectation there is additional price increases that you are planning to put through mid-year or the shift what you've already announced in January that you expect to take effect over the next few months.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There will be contributions from both as we I think have tried to explain before, we don't have a company wide pricing strategy. We do have a company-wide pricing strategy. We do not have a company-wide price increases that go into affect at certain times of year. This is a market-by-market, product-by-product, customer-by-customer pricing strategy. And we will have price increases in various markets for various products throughout the year. But, in answer I think, if I understand your question, the 8% to 10% in price improvement we expect in '08, some of that is already in place through announced price increases and some of it will be the result of price increases that occur at different times of the year in different market.
Mike Woods - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And can you just provide more color on what your thoughts are with converting some of the short terms debt that you took on as a result of Florida Rock. And what we should think about modeling in for interest cost associated with that debt in '08?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me; let Dan Sansone respond to that.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I can answer that question a couple of ways. At this point in time, you probably are aware that we issued about $1.2 billion of debt in December of 2007. That still leaves us today with a considerable amount of short-term debt. Our current plan is that we will term out somewhere in the neighborhood of $600 million to $700 million of additional long-term debt. During the course of 2008, the exact timing of that is going to be really driven more by market conditions than it is anything else. We... in terms of guidance, what I would offer is that, we're looking at... and what's embedded in the earnings guidance we just provided is about $178 million of net interest expense for 2008. And the key assumption there is that we term out the $600 million of additional long-term debt in the middle of the second quarter. To the extent that we deviate from that timing, there will be a modest affect on the interest cost. But, that’s our current modeling assumption in planning, if you... if we do term out $600 million in the middle of the second quarter, and if rates stay where they are today, we would then be looking at a kind of an all in run rate of about 5.6% for all of our incremental financing referable to the Florida Rock transaction. That would be the combination of the long-term debt and the portion that would stay short and is based on current rates.
Mike Woods - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Martinez [ph] with UBS. Please proceed?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, thanks for the detail Don and Dan. Wanted to ask on the volume side for a little better color. I'm just trying to understand the macro assumptions that you might be making to get to a 0% to 2% decline. Given that some of the highway budgets, you appointed to the public spending tend to be fairly fixed in nature in terms of the budgets, and given that and assume the 8% to 10% increase, how is it possible that there could be enough, I guess, availability to spend another 10% increase given the rest of the cost that are rising? So, are you assuming a pickup in demand at the second half of the year like Martin planned out?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In public infrastructure, overall I am not.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, I mean I was pointing out public infrastructure where I think budgets can be tighter but if you could comment on the different segments, particularly non-res and public infrastructure?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well if you break out public infrastructure into highways and other, we think the other is probably going to be stronger than highways. We think buildings whether they are public or private will increase slightly in '08 over in '07 and I'm talking about a tonnage… tons, more so in dollars than in tons because as you point out, the cost of all building materials including steel and liquid asphalt and other things are moving up. Residential, we think will be down probably another 15%. One of the things that you should factor in of courses is that we have added 3 million tons of production and shipping capacity at our CALICA quarry and that whole thing is basically sold out for 2008. So we will pick up some volume from that, our Corona quarry in Los Angeles now has… it will give us additional capacity and we’ll pick up some volume from that. I think if you look at as we try to point out the Vulcan served states on both public infrastructure and private non-res, based on contract awards in '06 and ‘07 are stronger than the rest of the country. So when we say flat to down 2%, we take into account the relatively stronger contract awards in our markets, we take into account the additional capacity we now have and we factor in highways being flat to down 1% other public infrastructure being up 3%, public and private buildings being up 1% and residential being down about 15%. That's the basis of our volume outlook.
Unidentified Analyst: Great that's helpful, and then can you remind us of your exposure to Lake Belt and give us any update on the discussions are going there?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our exposure to the Lake Belt is a single quarry in Miami that has about 4 million to 5 million tons of production capacity. I think it has never shipped more than about four, it is now continuing to ship from either material that was mined prior to the last court ruling or from material that's mined in a portions of a quarry that are still available for mining. We do not have any update. The case was argued in the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit in Atlanta back in November and there will be some ruling at some point. Then after the court ruling, presumably the core of engineers will then have… will exercise its jurisdictions over the permitting and issue whatever permits it deems appropriate. But at this point we don't have any prediction for that outcome.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay Great thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Kasprzak with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, Don.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: On the question of synergies that you addressed a little earlier, I just wanted to ask is that contribution assumed in the '08 guidance?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Some portion of it.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I want to be clear, we are saying by the end of '08, we will have the entire 50 million run rate in place. I think the impact on '08 is less than that, because all of that is not in place on January 1.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But substantial portion of it is, but not all of it.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then with regard to the $0.47 to $0.50 a share, that's included in '08 guidance referable to the various transactions you mentioned, is it the case that there will be some portion of that although we don't know how much that will go away as part of the ongoing Vulcan operations due to the divestiture process unless you could swap a 100% [inaudible] earnings?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me… there is… assume for a moment a closing at the end of the first quarter. There will be some earnings contribution from the divested assets during the first quarter, that's included. That will not continue for the rest of the year because those assets will be divested. And we will get some assets in exchange, so we will have nine months of earnings from those assets, then there will be some cash, which we would use at debt reduction, so our interest charges will be reduced for the last nine months of the year, and there will likely be some accounting gain on the legacy Vulcan assets that will be sold even though, as you know, in the miracles of purchase accounting you can sell one quarry and have no gain if it was legacy Florida Rock and you can sell another quarry that’s just like it, that was legacy Vulcan and you will have a gain. So, there will likely be a significant gain from the Vulcan assets that are in the exchange and no gain from the Florida Rock assets that are in the transaction. So, I wouldn't… you shouldn't… we are saying that's the full-year impact of all of this stuff working together. So, we believe the $0.47 to $0.50 per share is part of our full-year '08 earnings, some portion of that will be continuing and some portion won't. And at this point, we've got to get deals closed before we can do those calculations, but we will give you some additional guidance on that. But, I wouldn't… I don't think it's correct to say some portion of that goes away after the transaction, that's the full-year impact to us from all of these… from the impact of all of these transactions plus the purchase accounting.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And with regard to concrete in Florida, how are prices of ready-mix concrete in Florida, I think the last public release by Florida Rock before you closed the deal, it seems to be holding up fairly well in the face of a severe residential decline? Can you characterize it for us now?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think pricing for concrete (52:04) is going to be a challenge. We certainly don't… our philosophy is there will not be a single additional house built in Florida if concrete prices are $20 per yard lower than they are today, that's not going to move demand, there are so many other much more significant factors in the determination of whether to build a house than what the concrete prices are. But, we have to be competitive. But, at this point, as I have said in my remarks, we are pleased with the resiliency of concrete prices in the face of substantially lower demand. I think we realize that demand won’t be created by lower prices.
Jack Kasprzak - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc. Please proceed.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Good morning. You touched on, after Jack's question, the pricing environment kind of in Florida and then you've also talked about pricing with aggregates. Could you talk a little bit about the demand environment in Florida for aggregates, concrete, and then also cement which in the quarter… also if you could touch on the… a little bit of detail on what was going on there, it seems like it came in a little bit weaker than kind of what we would have expected it to come in?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: With respect to aggregate demand in Florida, obviously, aggregate demand in Florida is off significantly from the past few years. But, what is also off significantly is the supply of aggregates in Florida, which is the reason that you're seeing above average price improvement for aggregates in Florida. Housing is obviously very weak, public infrastructure is pretty good in Florida. It's very difficult for us at this point to have any visibility into when the housing market stabilizes and begin to recover. Different economists have different views on that and in our view it would not be any better than the views of others in that regard. With respect to overall demand for aggregates, the fourth quarter is a… as you know… the first quarter has so many factors that affect aggregate demand, principally weather and the impact of people either deciding to try to get projects finished or to carry them over. Our fourth quarter shipments were lower than we thought they would be, that is overall, but not of any great concern to us at this point because of the seasonality of our business.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: And you're talking about aggregates there?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Could you touch more specifically on maybe the non-res, what's going on in Florida there with non-res? I know you touched on housing and then infrastructure a bit.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have any specific... well... let's see I have got my little sheet here, let me take a look at that. Non-res and that's… our view is that in North Florida buildings will be up about 2% and in South Florida they will be flat. Infrastructure, which includes both public and private, in North Florida we believe it will be up about 4% and in South Florida up about 1%. These are aggregate tons not dollars of spending. Of course the dollar of spending would have to be higher on a percentage basis because price of aggregates has moved up in those markets. These are our internal demand projections or aggregates by region. As I've said, these are our best estimates, but you know we could... they could vary obviously from these views.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Thanks Don, it's very helpful. And then just one the cement in the quarter, I know it was a stub period, and you had holidays and so forth going on, but still the revenue seems I guess fairly low coming out of the cement operations and volumes seem lower. Is there something particular going on there, but that's just weak demand or is there something else that happened in the quarter?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We had our cement plant outage that was scheduled in the fourth quarter and we went ahead and took it.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was after closing.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That was in the stub period and that's… you didn't follow us back when we were in the chemicals business, but once or twice a year when we took our chemical plants down for annual maintenance outages you saw a significant impact on earnings in whatever quarter that occurred and you will continue to see that with the cement plant. But, the stub period in the fourth quarter was significantly impacted by the annual maintenance outage, which occurred in the last six weeks of the year in cement. So, that accounts for what you see at revenues.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Is there any way you could maybe quantify that a little bit?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have the data in front of me to do that, but...
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And then the other question is you kind of touched on your thoughts that energy would be… and asphalt cost would be trimming. Could you give us any more color on kind of your expectations and kind of what is baked into guidance as far as your outlook for energy and liquid asphalt for the year?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, just a second. I think… as we said, the fourth quarter cost of diesel fuel was up about 41% from the fourth quarter of '06. We expect that level to continue, at least that's what we’ve built into our '08 projection that the fourth quarter diesel... fourth quarter '07 diesel fuel pricing will continue throughout '08 to the extent we get some price relief that will improve our earnings. To the extent diesel fuel gets higher than it was in the fourth quarter, it will have some negative earnings impact and predicting diesel fuel pricing with this market is... has a lot of payroll, but that’s what’s build into our projection is, diesel fuel pricing in '08 equal to the fourth quarter '07 level.
Trey Grooms - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Keybanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen. A couple of questions for you. First, Dan, just a couple of housekeeping items. Can you tell us what the CapEx and the DD&A and interest rate assumptions are for '08?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. For CapEx, I would use $485 million.
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For DD&A, we see that settling in at right about $400 million for the combined company and that includes our best estimates as of today any way with respect to the purchase accounting step up in the Florida Rock assets. What was the third variable? Interest rate, yes.
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: Tax rate.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pardon me.
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: Tax rate.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Tax rate, I'm sorry. What I would use for 2008 is 32%. We will be in that neighborhood plus or minus rounding.
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And Don, one of the pieces that… you've given us the synergy and you've given us an update on the synergy target, that appears reasonable. Another piece of guidance at the time of transaction that you gave us was to anticipate, I believe, it was over the '08 to 2010 timeframe of average EBITDA in the $2 billion range per year over that timeframe. Clearly the markets have turned a bit worse with respect to Florida and housing. At this point, it maybe appears, at least by my math, that maybe you can get two or two-ish billion range by the end of 2010. Can you give us a comment or thought as to how you think about the combined entity over the long period at this point?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have a projection of the combined company, at this point, for the period beyond '08. I think it's a fair statement that our EBITDA projection for '08 today is lower than it was a year ago. That's the result of not only the Florida Rock business, but the bulk and legacy business. We believe the combined company will be a strong cash generating organization, but we certainly can't affirm the three years of average $2 billion EBITDA because our '08 number is lower than what we had in that roll up as we indicated at the time that was an average over three years and it was projected to increase. Certainly, we think there is a lot of upside both the legacy Vulcan business and the legacy Florida Rock business, but more importantly, there is even more upside to the synergies in the combination. But that's… when we get to that number, it’s going to be largely dependent upon what the markets do and the wild card there is when residential markets began to stabilize and recover. We will have a new President within the year. There is a great deal of discussion already about the under funding of public infrastructure in the US. I think that will... we will see that increasingly as a subject of discussion. There is a lot of stuff going on in Washington about public infrastructure. You are aware of the Commission report, the Commission that was established as a result of the last highway build to talk about funding. We are not sure what the outcome is going to be, but we expect there'll be a great deal of dialog and possibly a very significant change in the way public infrastructure is funded and the levels at which it is funded and that will have a very significant impact on us going forward. We don’t know what the outcome is going to be, but we are certainly going to be engaged in a dialog.
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, that is fair. And with respect to... I'd like to follow-up on Jack's question earlier from the $0.47 to $0.50, I appreciate that you are... it's difficult to fare it out, each of the individual pieces, but is it safe to assume that a sizable portion of that or was it ... would it be a sizeable portion or a smaller portion that would be represented from the gain on the sale of assets?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You will be...
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: Effectively, what we are trying to get at is, what would be a recurring piece?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think there will be a significant gain, at least, if we close the transactions that we are contemplating at this point, there will be a significant accounting gain on the portion of the divested assets [inaudible] from legacy Vulcan. But that's not all of it, there is continuing earnings from the swap properties, there's reduced interest cost from utilization of cash. But, as I have said earlier, there are a lot of moving pieces in there and until we get these deals closed, we can't tell you...
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: I understand and realize there are a lot of moving parts, but directionally would you characterize the gain as greater or less than say half of that amount?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's... it would be more than half.
Chris Manuel - Keybanc Capital Markets: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Betts with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Michael Betts - J.P. Morgan: Yes, hi.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike.
Michael Betts - J.P. Morgan: Hi, Don. I have two or three questions I guess all related to Florida Rock. First one is just to clarify because $0.32 that you indicated hit the fourth quarter earnings or for the year rather, they were all kind of financial items or stuff like that. Was there no operating contribution in the six weeks?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there was. It was not huge but it was... there was an operating contribution, there was also an offsetting purchase accounting... additional depreciation on all of the Florida Rock assets over and above what would have been had they remained within Florida Rock. As I mentioned, we had our annual cement plant outage that we took in that stub period. Yes, there were some contributions, earnings from the operations in that period, but they were not significant in light of the whole $0.32.
Michael Betts - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And my second question relating to Florida Rock was, you talked about the synergies, but... and this may be just my view, the managements have been somewhat slow last year to just cut cost to the reflect decline in volumes because you know they were seeing 30% to 50% volume declines. So, even if they hadn't done a transaction with you, you would have expected fairly significant cut-backs. I guess you've been implementing that cost cutting in the last six weeks and you got more to go. Are you able to sort of indicate over and above synergies? What sort of cost cutting you've done within that business to reflect the deteriorate… the worsening outlook there?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly, there have been cost reductions. I do not have a quantification of that that I can give you my colleagues. The one metric… and I can't break it down between synergies and cost reduction, but both legacy Vulcan and legacy Florida Rock headcounts are down. Florida Rock, I think, there are about 350 people both hourly and salary that are no longer in the combined organization. Some of that is included in the synergy and some is operating businesses as a result of the issues with demand.
Michael Betts - J.P. Morgan: To what percentage that was of the workforce?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: About
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 11% or 12%.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:
11% OR 12%:
Michael Betts - J.P. Morgan: Okay and final question. Because we talked a bit… we mentioned earlier the ready-mix concrete price issue. Have you announced price increases… or what's happening I guess is my question is, in Q1 in Florida? I mean, we would begin to see some pressure on ready-mix concrete prices there and I guess more generally in the US. Have you seen any change in trend in that in the first quarter or is there still some downward pressure on ready-mix prices?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think there is a lot of downward pressure that we've been able to see. I think it is likely that by the end of the year '08 compared to '07, because of the contracts with pricing rolling of and new contracts going out that there may be some discernible change there, but I can't tell you at this point what those likely to be.
Michael Betts - J.P. Morgan: Okay, that's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of with John Fox with Fenimore Asset. Please proceed.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi John.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Believe it or not I have a few questions left. First, I just want to confirm on all the discussions about tons in terms of guidance of legacy and the percentage of shipments, that's total tons both internal and external?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay great. And then maybe if you could tell us a little bit more about the cement business, you gave some guidance on a concrete shipments combined for '08. Do you have any thoughts on cement shipments, number one? And number two, can you tell us what the CapEx is this year for Newberry?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Cement shipments… from legacy Florida Rock there are two sources of cement shipments, one is the Newberry plant, the other are imports.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the tonnage from imports will be significantly reduced. The tonnage from the Newberry plant will be largely the same. The second line of the Newberry plant will come on stream probably by the end of the year. So, I don't think we’ve built in any incremental volume from that second line in our '08 outlook, but it will be available in '09. Certainly, the volume reduction is in imports. And I think that's been the view all along that the domestic cement capacity in Florida would displace imports because it is lower cost than imports. On CapEx in '08, we're projecting plus or minus $50 million at the Newberry cement plant to get that second line up and running and then the regular CapEx that would be necessary. As you know, it’s a brand new plant, so there is not a lot of other CapEx that would have to spent there.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: So, presumably that go away in '09?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: [inaudible].
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. And then for Dan, you said 178 of net interest expense, is that net of interest income?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. And you've mentioned $80 million in one-time cash synergies, I think occurred in January?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: David, they've been occurring since closing. We think by the end of the first quarter virtually all of the items that we identified will have been put in place.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. So, I can add $80 million to the year-end cash balance that's been coming in both last year and this year.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. We have not received all of the... for example, there is one item, $33 million that we'll receive at the end of February, just as a point of illustration.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: John, that’s a net number.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is cash out and there is cash in. That's a net number.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right. I'm just trying to get a cash collections and ability to deliver and that type of thing.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: So, some of that can come in in '08?
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: John, we're reasonably comfortable that we are going to be able to take debt down probably $300 million in '08.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: By the end of '08?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: And that includes the effects of divestitures etcetera?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's everything all worked in together, operating cash flow, net cash, synergies we just discussed [inaudible].
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Those cash synergies for the rest of '08. Is there any GAAP accounting gain or is that included in EBITDA or is that a forecast?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Any impact of that is included in our guidance. But, most of it is not going to have a big GAAP accounting impact.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: So, there would not be a significant earnings impact from those cash synergies, is that fair?
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Daniel F. Sansone - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. There would not be.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: John, I don’t remember whether you were with us in the years following the CalMat acquisition, but we had the same thing. We were generating a lot of cash that was not showing up as accounting earnings and then at some point it started becoming accounting earnings, as well as cash as the fair market values of the properties started exceeding the purchase accounting write-off. So, we will see that here as well, but for initial year or two you'll see cash but not much GAAP accounting earnings.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. I like to turn the call back over to Mr. Don James for closing remarks.
Donald M. James - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much for your interest in Vulcan today. We've got a lot of work to do in 2008, but we're excited about the prospects of the continued opportunities of bringing these two businesses together. We look forward to talking with you again at the end of the first quarter. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you all for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.
