===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign, Inc.'s first quarter 2025 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, Operator. Welcome to VeriSign, Inc.'s first quarter 2025 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO; and John Callis, Senior Vice President, Global Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, who will become Chief Financial Officer in May upon George's retirement. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K and 10-Q. VeriSign, Inc. does not update financial information or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. Financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, Inc.: Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This month, VeriSign, Inc. celebrated thirty years since its incorporation. It was incubated beginning in 1986 by RSA Data Security, where I was CEO. VeriSign, Inc. has changed significantly over the years. We are particularly proud of VeriSign, Inc.'s mission and role in providing critical Internet information services. Turning to the first quarter results, VeriSign, Inc.'s performance in the first quarter reflects sequentially improving trends and the soundness of our business model. At the end of March, the domain name base for .com and .net totaled 169.8 million domain names, up 777,000 from year-end 2024. New registrations for the first quarter totaled 10.1 million compared with 9.5 million for both last quarter and the same quarter last year.
George Kilguss: Renewal rate for the first quarter of 2025 is expected to be 75.3% compared to 74.1% a year ago. From a geographic perspective, during the first quarter, we saw trends improve with increases in the domain name base from our three main regions: the US, EMEA, and Asia Pacific. Given these improving domain name-based trends, we now expect the change in the domain name base to be between negative 0.7% or negative 70 bps and positive 0.9% or 90 bps for 2025. As mentioned last quarter, we saw improving trends at the end of 2024, which continued during the first quarter, resulting in both improved new registrations and renewal rates. It's still early, but we do see signs of registrars shifting towards customer acquisition, and we also see more registrar engagement with our marketing programs. Our updated guidance reflects these trends but also includes a measure of caution until the macroeconomic situation clarifies. And as a reminder, any expenses associated with marketing programs are fully accounted for in our guidance. Our financial and liquidity position continues to remain stable with $649 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the first quarter, we repurchased 1 million shares, returning $230 million to shareholders. At quarter-end, $793 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. As announced in today's earnings release, VeriSign, Inc.'s board of directors declared a cash dividend of 77¢ per share of VeriSign, Inc.'s outstanding common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 19, 2025, payable on May 28, 2025. VeriSign, Inc. intends to continue to pay a cash dividend on a quarterly basis subject to market conditions and approval by VeriSign, Inc.'s board of directors. We are pleased to introduce a cash dividend as part of our return of capital commitment to shareholders. We will continue our capital allocation focus first on maintaining adequate liquidity, second, investing in the business, and then returning excess cash to shareholders with a portion of that return now through quarterly cash dividends. This initiation of a cash dividend doesn't change the way we think about the total amount of shareholder return. In addition to an ongoing commitment to maintain a dividend, we intend to grow the dividend annually with our earnings growth. We view the decision to become a dividend issuer as a natural evolutionary step to diversify our return of cash to shareholders. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George. I'll return when George has completed his report with closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, the company generated revenue of $402 million, up 4.7% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in Q1 2025 totaled $131 million, which compares to $132 million last quarter and $125 million for the first quarter a year ago. While similar sequentially, the year-over-year increase in expense is mainly due to a slight increase in headcount and incentive-based compensation accrual adjustments. Net income in the first quarter totaled $199 million compared to $191 million last quarter and $194 million a year ago, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2.10 for the first quarter this year compared to $2 last quarter and $1.92 for the same quarter of 2024. During the quarter, the company issued $500 million new five and a quarter percent senior notes due 2032 to refinance the company's existing $500 million five and a quarter percent 2025 senior notes, which matured on April 1. Operating cash flow for the first quarter of 2025 was $291 million, and free cash flow was $286 million compared with $257 million and $254 million, respectively, in the year-ago quarter. I'll now discuss our updated full-year 2025 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be between $1.635 billion and $1.650 billion. Operating income is now expected to be between $1.110 billion and $1.125 billion. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates, is still expected to be an expense of between $50 million and $60 million. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $30 million and $40 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 21-24%. In summary, VeriSign, Inc. continued to demonstrate sound financial discipline during the quarter. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. I'd like to acknowledge and thank George for his thirteen years of service to VeriSign, Inc. as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. George has been instrumental in providing outstanding financial acumen and leadership to our operations and our teams, and we wish him the best in retirement. John Callis, Senior Vice President, Global Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer, has served as interim CFO in the past and has worked closely with George over many years and will become Chief Financial Officer upon George's retirement in May, making for a seamless transition. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. If you are dialed in via the telephone and would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once your question has been stated, please mute your line. We will take our first question from Ygal Arounian with Citigroup.
Ygal Arounian: Hey, good afternoon, thanks. I'll start with George. Congrats on the retirement, George, and good luck on the next steps. And I guess you left investors a little bit of a parting gift here on the dividend. Can you elaborate a little bit on the timing of why now is the right time to initiate a dividend? And on the comment that it doesn't change how you think about total shareholder return, does that mean that we should expect fewer buybacks because of dividends or maybe just put it in context of that, and then I'll have some follow-ups.
Jim Bidzos: Hi, Ygal. It's Jim. Let me answer part of that question for you. Maybe I invite George to comment further. But first of all, we're pleased to be able to diversify the method of shareholder return to now include regular dividends. I don't think there's much more to say than what I covered in my prepared remarks. The company has had a long track record of returning excess cash to shareholders and has been considering the quarterly cash dividend for quite some time. Today's announcement is consistent with that long track record and with our expectations of and confidence in the continued stability and strength of our business. George, did you want to add anything?
George Kilguss: Yeah, Ygal, I think, as Jim said, we're just diversifying our return of capital to shareholders. And we'll continue to go through our strategic framework of how we think about capital allocation, as we've done in the past. And I think you'll see us do a combination of the two. But, clearly, it's really a statement on the company's stability in our business model, and we just think it's the right time to start diversifying that method of return of capital.
Ygal Arounian: Okay, thanks. And then so two follow-ups on the business and the trends. So with one Q domain name base outperforming your expectations, you're taking up your outlook for the year because of that. Can you just talk about what you think were the biggest drivers of that performance relative to what you were expecting at the beginning of the year? And as we kind of work our way through the rest of the year, particularly with some of the macro questions, what are the factors that get you to the low end of the range versus the high end of the range over the course of the rest of the year? And then the second question, on .net, we didn't get the pricing increase in February like we have the past few years. Just any updated thoughts on how you're thinking about pricing there.
George Kilguss: Thank you. Sure, Ygal, it's George. With regard to our guidance, you're right. We're off to a solid start of the year, delivering 770,000 net adds here in Q1. And as a result, we took the guidance up, as Jim mentioned, from down 0.7% to positive 0.9%, which is a range of about 1.2 million names down to 1.5 million names up with a midpoint of about 200,000 there. I think at the end of the day, what the guidance is really reflecting is the positive trends we're seeing here. But as Jim mentioned, it also reflects a measure of caution as we're still early in the cycle, and the macroeconomic outlook is a bit unclear. We also have some seasonality to the domain name base in the first quarter, which is typically our strongest. But I think we're encouraged by the results and the activity of our registrars, and hence, we took the guidance up pretty substantially here in Q1. As regard to your second question on .net price increases, I think you're aware that we really don't provide guidance with regard to pricing changes for our TLDs. But we do have to provide a six-month notice of any potential changes that we make. For .net, our last price increase became effective in February 2024, which placed our wholesale price for .net at $10.91. We, of course, regularly review our pricing strategies in conjunction with our go-to-market strategies for our TLDs. But, as I mentioned, we don't provide pricing guidance for them as well.
Ygal Arounian: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We will take our last question from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Appreciate it. I have a couple of questions. Jim or George, I'll start with you guys. First, just on some of the activities around your marketing channel programs that you guys sort of kicked off last year. Would love to get an update on those. What sort of traction you're seeing with them? George, I know you just commented that you were encouraged by the registrar activity generally. I think part of that might be registrars reengaging, but I would love to understand what portion of that is action you guys are taking and where you're seeing success with your marketing channel program. And then I had a couple of follow-ups.
George Kilguss: Yeah. Sure, Rob. To your question for credit marketing programs, so as we mentioned over the past few quarters, we rolled out a variety of new programs late in 2024 and early 2025. To date, we've seen good registrar interest in those programs. While it's still early, we do attribute some of the improved new registration trends we saw in the fourth quarter and here again in the first quarter to registrar engagement with the programs that we rolled out. I would call our activity that we saw here in the last two quarters activity from what I would call early adopters of the programs that we rolled out last year. We also have some registrars that are continuing to test the programs that we rolled out here in 2025. So we'll continue to monitor and work with the registrar community here to help them engage in our programs throughout the year. But I think early results are we're encouraged by them, but I think we still have some work to do.
Rob Oliver: Great. That's helpful. Thanks. I appreciate it. Jim, on the strong domain guide, I think you said that it includes a measure of caution relative to the macro, which I think were your words. And I'd love to hear your take on the macro because on the one hand, it seems if the registrars are starting to spend more and we were super encouraged to see two leading registrars pony up for Super Bowl ads, which I think that was the first time in a handful of years that we've been tracking it that we saw that sort of a financial commitment, which was a positive. But obviously, there are some concerns on the macro right now. So I would love to hear just from you kind of what your take currently is on the macro. I guess a variance on the question earlier about how we might get on one or other end of that range.
Jim Bidzos: Sure. I'll give it a shot here. I think, first of all, the components of all those pieces are first of all, some things that we laid out last year that we would do and some things that we expected to shift favorably. So there are a couple of tailwinds that we thought would shift to headwinds, and it looks like that's beginning to happen a bit. A return to new customer acquisition and the focus on ARPU by the channel. And as you know, Super Bowl, for example, it's clearly an indication of spend on new customer acquisition. So that's a favorable shift that we've seen since then. The things that we've done in our marketing programs that we've mentioned before, for example, we offered a range of programs simply as a way of providing needed flexibility in what was an evolving channel. It had changed traditional registrars. Yes, of course, they are customers, but also, we had web builders, etcetera. So one size fits all didn't approach didn't work as well. I think that's where we're seeing some interesting promising take-up even though it's a bit early. I think the other thing that the component that we really can't identify is just, you know, not an economist, but I think I can recognize a bit of turmoil here, and I think it's just clarity. It's a question of clarity. As that clarifies, I think we'll get a better idea of where the future is and offer any updated guidance, of course, as appropriate. But this is just based on it being early in the year. A bit of uncertainty about where things will land. Hopefully, they will shortly, and we'll be able to give you better info. But we are certainly appreciative of the positive changes that we've seen. As I said, we've done what we can control, and we're seeing some results from that, and they trend favorably. And also, we're picking up some headwinds that have shifted into tailwinds that are helping us return to or getting off ARPU and returning to new customer acquisition by the registrars. Programs that are working for them. So those are the different components. The uncertainty is obviously the macroeconomic environment, which we just need more clarity on before we can get more comfortable.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. Helpful. Yeah. You and everyone else. I had two other quick ones. One, John, welcome. And George, congratulations on your retirement. I guess just a quick question about some of the higher expenses that George had called out. Is this a new run rate of higher expenses? And just would love to get a sense from you of kind of your philosophy relative to that expense run rate.
John Callis: Hey, thanks, Rob. This is John. If you look at the midpoint of our operating income guidance for the year, it implies a slight improvement in our operating margin. But it also implies a slight amount of spend that we incurred, a similar amount of spend that we incurred in the first quarter for the balance of 2025. Now as George mentioned in his prepared remarks, this is mainly due to slight increases in headcount and some of our incentive-based compensation programs. You know, as in past quarters, we'll continue to focus on disciplined expense management and do that within our strategic framework.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Great. Thanks. Look forward to working with you. And then, last one for me is just any update from you guys on .web or anything we should be aware of there? Thanks very much.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, Rob. Jim here. We do have a small update on .web. Just as in the first IRP, think arbitration IRP, this new IRP panel that we have has again rejected Altinovo's attempt to invalidate certain procedural rules. The hopes that doing so would exclude our participation in these IRP proceedings. With that effort rejected, we anticipate a ruling soon on our application to participate in the IRP and the final hearing in November. To reiterate, VeriSign, Inc., we intend to become the operator for .web, and we intend to bring this new TLD to our customers as soon as we can. We believe AltaNova's use of ICANN's processes to stop this from happening is an abusive process and is being pursued in bad faith to keep .web off the market. So that's the update this quarter.
Rob Oliver: Okay. Alright. Great. I'll digest that, and then I'll come back to you guys in the callback or with some follow-up questions. But really appreciate your time. Thanks very much.
George Kilguss: Thank you.
Ygal Arounian: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's question and answer session. I will now turn the call back to David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, Operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign, Inc.'s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign, Inc.'s fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President, and CEO, and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign, Inc. does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure.
David Atchley: The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, Inc.: Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am pleased with VeriSign, Inc.'s success in continuing to deliver on our mission during 2024. We extended our unparalleled record of uninterrupted .com and .net resolution to more than 27 years, in an increasingly evolving cyber threat environment while protecting, improving, and strengthening our network. VeriSign, Inc.'s network now processes, on average, more than 400 billion transactions daily. Our focus remains on providing the security, stability, and resiliency Internet users worldwide have come to depend on not only for .com and .net but for the DNS root zone as well. Financially, in 2024, we delivered 4.3% year-over-year revenue growth while increasing operating income by 5.7%. Shares outstanding at the end of 2024 decreased by 6.2% from the total of outstanding shares at the end of 2023. Our financial and liquidity position continues to remain stable with $600 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the year. During 2024, we returned $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders through the repurchase of 6.6 million shares. At year-end, $1 billion remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 169 million domain names, a decrease of 2.1% or 3.7 million names year-over-year. During the fourth quarter, the domain name base decreased by 500,000 names. From a new registration perspective, we saw improvements sequentially and year-over-year, with fourth quarter new registrations of 9.5 million compared with 9 million names for the same quarter last year and 9.3 million during the third quarter of 2024. The renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2024, which is expected to be approximately 73.9%, shows improvement both sequentially and year-over-year. From a geographic region perspective during Q4, and the full year 2024, we saw decreases in the domain name base from both our US and China-based registrars. The domain name base in EMEA was up both sequentially and for the full year 2024. In 2024, the decrease in China volumes was in line with our expectations at the start of the year. For 2025, we continue to expect our China registrar segment to decline, albeit at a slower pace. As that segment now represents only 5% of our domain name base, the decrease from China will have a smaller impact. As we have previously reported, we have seen US registrars, through higher retail pricing levels, reduce spend on marketing to new customers compared with prior years, and an increased focus on the secondary market for domain names. These factors impacted new registrations and renewal rates in 2024 for our US region. In response to these trends, we began working to reengage registrars on new customer acquisition by launching new marketing programs for .com and .net to support our goal of returning to domain name base growth. We stated last quarter, we have seen positive response to our new programs, and we expect many of the registrars to engage more fully in 2025. It is early in this process, but we are optimistic that our efforts will start to improve the DMV growth trend in 2025. Given these conditions and trends for 2025, we are expecting the year-over-year change in the base to be negative 2.3% to negative 0.3%. And now I would like to turn the call over to George. Return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the company generated revenue of $1.557 billion, up 4.3%. Operating expenses totaled $499 million and were up 1.4% from the previous year, resulting in operating income of $1.058 billion, up 5.7% from 2023. For the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024, the company generated revenue of $395 million, up 3.9% from the same quarter of 2023, and delivered operating income of $264 million, an increase of 2.9% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in Q4 2024 totaled $132 million, which compares to $121 million during the third quarter and $124 million a year earlier. As we discussed on our last quarter's earnings call, we expected an increase in Q4 operating expenses due to prior quarter spending delays. Net income in the fourth quarter totaled $191 million compared to $265 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2 for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $2.60 for the same quarter of 2023. As previously discussed, net income in the fourth quarter of last year included the recognition of $69.3 million of income tax benefits, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.68 in the year-ago quarter. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2024 was $232 million, and free cash flow was $222 million compared with $204 million and $199 million, respectively, in the year-ago quarter. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the full year of 2024 totaled $903 million and $875 million, respectively. I will now discuss our full year 2025 guidance. Revenue is expected to be between $1.615 billion and $1.635 billion. Operating income is expected to be between $1.095 billion and $1.115 billion. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates, is expected to be an expense of between $50 million and $60 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $30 million and $40 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be between 21% and 24%. Overall, VeriSign, Inc. continued to demonstrate sound financial discipline during the fourth quarter and throughout 2024. Now I will return the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. In summary, VeriSign, Inc. successfully concluded the year by renewing the .com Registry Agreement with ICANN and the cooperative agreement with the NTIA. We extended our unparalleled 27-year track record of resolution availability for .com and .net, and we delivered sound financial and operational results. As we look to 2025 and beyond, we will continue to focus on and be driven by our mission. It relates to the domain name base growth rate. For 2025, we see three positive trends taking shape. First, the decrease from China-based registrars is expected to be more muted. Second, the marketing programs we rolled out in 2024 and continue to offer for 2025 are being adopted by our registrars. Finally, while it is early in the cyclical trend, we do expect registrars to start refocusing on customer acquisition and are starting to hear from some registrars an expectation for increased marketing efforts in 2025. Although we expect a slight decline in the domain name base in 2025, we do expect trends to improve from what we saw in 2024. Thank you for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks. And now we will open the call for your questions. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to signal with questions, please press star one on your touch-tone telephone. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Please mute your line. Again, that is star one if you would like to signal with questions.
Operator: And we will take a question from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. I had a couple of questions. Jim, first for you. In your closing remarks there, you mentioned it was a big year for you guys last year with the ICANN renewal as well as the cooperative agreement at the NTIA. And certainly, the investor focus now is pivoted towards the domain base, and you finished with three points as to why you are more optimistic on that. I guess, from your perspective, maybe looking at the macro as well in addition to those three points, if you could give us some more color on the three, but also just around the macro. Generally, I know you mentioned that you suspected that some of the registrars might be pivoting more towards new domains, which would be very encouraging. What gives you that comfort? And then I had a couple of follow-ups.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Well, as you know, today, we guided the domain name base continuing to decrease during this year, 2025. Although, the midpoint of our range suggests an improving trend from what we saw last year. We do see the trends that have a negative impact as cyclical in nature, and we do expect the domain name base to return to growth once we work through those trends. As I said earlier, China is lessening and now only represents 5% of our business. Also, our new marketing programs are being adopted. We are seeing positive impact from them. It is early. We expect more throughout the year. Finally, while it is early in a cyclical trend, we do expect registrars to start refocusing on customer acquisition and are starting to hear from registrars, like I said, an expectation for increased marketing efforts. In fact, I would point out that two registrars are running Super Bowl ads, which will reach around 200 million viewers. So as you look back, the two main trends we called out, China and ARPU, were impacting the DNA DNB. And both seem to be easing. And where we could influence through marketing programs, there are encouraging signs. And also renewal rates have improved. So that is the picture we see.
Rob Oliver: And on those marketing programs, Jim, if you could just provide a little bit more color perhaps on if there are particular regions where you guys are seeing early traction? I know you have said it is still early and the results will not be immediate, we get that, or perhaps this is for George. But any particular areas where you are seeing early signs that the marketing programs are starting to take hold or conversely where you had to tweak them and feel comfortable that you now have the formula right? Any color there would be great.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. I will invite George to comment. I will just say that, you know, it takes time to get these things integrated. There is adoption, integration, and there is actual performance. So it may be early to give you a clear picture of where we are, but we do see...
George Kilguss: Yeah. Sure, Rob. I mean, as we have mentioned, the focus of our new programs is really to offer more options for our registered community to help them engage in a variety of programs that really are more aligned with their particular go-to-market strategies. So again, looking for opportunities for a win-win. As we talked about in 2024, we spent a lot of time developing and piloting a lot of these programs. We have gotten feedback. We have also refined and recently relaunched these programs late in 2024 here. We actually had a few programs that we rolled out here early in January as well. Again, from a little color, when we talk to registrars, we have gotten a lot of positive feedback from registrars that our programs are aligning with strategies that they are employing, and they feel they can use these programs within their own marketing programs. So that is good news for us. You know, as far as early adoption, I would say it is a little early right now. Most registrars are just starting to roll out there. Even though we have had these programs launched late last year and we have gotten good feedback and we have modified some of them, they are really gearing up to roll them out here in 2025. Some registrars do engage a little earlier than others, but I think it is a little early for us to comment on that. But we are optimistic about the programs we have rolled out. We have gotten great feedback.
Rob Oliver: Great. That is helpful. And then the last one for me, Jim, back to you. Just we have got a couple of leadership changes happening. One obvious one, we have a new administration in DC. So we would be curious to hear from you what, if anything, you might expect or how we should think about that relative to VeriSign, Inc.'s business and, you know, number one. Number two, are discussions with the NTIA ongoing? I know that the NTIA obviously dictated did not ultimately request any changes. But, you know, you guys had agreed to sit down with them, so I would be curious to hear whether those discussions are ongoing. And then we have a new head of ICANN that came in in December. Any thoughts there would be helpful. I realize that is a lot. Thank you guys very much.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Well, first of all, I would just point out that where we are today, VeriSign, Inc., the cooperative agreement, ICANN, this whole process is a result of decades of very successful policy across many different administrations of many political stripes. So we tend to sort of see that as not directly impacting factor, just a long-supported consistent policy with security and stability as the main driver. And as you mentioned, there are new folks in December. Of course, we have a new CEO in ICANN, and we will be getting a new NTIA administrator shortly, we believe. And we look we have great relationships with both organizations, and we look forward to continuing them. We have always maintained a good working relationship with ICANN for many decades, and we look forward to working with the new CEO, Curtis Linfist, and his leadership team, particularly in the areas we engage in mostly, which is security and stability of the DNS and DNS abuse. About the second part of your question, ongoing discussions with the NTIA, that is typical for our relationship. We look forward to working with the new NTIA assistant secretary, a partner confirmation, I look forward to meeting her. I think until then, I will not speculate. But let me add some background that might be a little bit helpful there. First, the cooperative agreement has long contained, as I think most of the listeners here know, strict requirements that VeriSign, Inc. meet the most rigorous availability and performance specifications of any TLD due to the reliance services and infrastructure on .com and .net. In 2018, amendment 35 retained these provisions. And while there was reduced regulation, there was also explicit protection for registrant first amendment rights by guaranteeing that the .com registry will remain content neutral. These and the other policies in a 2018 amendment have proven in the last six years to be successful in continuing the policy of security and stability. And resilience first and the critical importance of .com to the security and stability of the infrastructure that is literally critical to the digital economy of the US. And finally, I will just mention that the recent .com renewals enabled us to clear up some misinformation that was spread during that process. One, for example, is that we received money from the government, which simply is not true. Our cooperative agreement is not a procurement contract, and the US government does not fund VeriSign, Inc. for the secure and reliable Internet service that VeriSign, Inc. helps to preserve every day and has without interruption for 27 years. And as I mentioned, now processing an average of over 400 billion transactions every day, by the way, is 40 times the number of daily average Google searches. 40x there was a lot of misinformation about our pricing as well. As you know, our pricing is capped and it is transparent. It is a simple fact that our limited pricing flexibility at the wholesale level has not kept up with global CPI over the last six years. While at the same time, we have seen the unregulated retail price increases exceed our wholesale price increases. So, hopefully, that bit is helpful. Look forward to engaging with our new regulators, and we look forward to...
Rob Oliver: Great. Okay. I am going to go back and need to read that transcript. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate that, Jeff. Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Ygal Aronian with Citi.
Ygal Aronian: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Let me start on just coming back to the comments on the cyclical trends, that you are expecting from the registrar is to kind of go back and be a little bit more focused on the broader top of the funnel customer acquisition. And it sounds like what you guys were trying to accomplish with the marketing programs, but it also sounds like you are talking about both of those points as two distinct things. Is that true? And if, you know, for moving back in that part of the cyclical part of the cycle or why are the marketing programs important? Does it kind of help amplify that move back up cycle?
Jim Bidzos: I think if I understood the question, it is if a cyclical turn is coming, why the programs? Is that a hope that is not an unfair summary.
Ygal Aronian: Okay. I guess are they two distinct points? And if yes, then why the...
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. So, okay. I would say two things. That we brought up in the past. First of all, we pointed out that the programs were actually being designed as a response to the evolving nature and structure of our channel. We got a lot of website owners who have become registrars. They have different business models. There are more of them. Some are large, some are small. So designing programs that met their needs and gave them flexibility as opposed to and I will generalize a bit here, you know, the one size fits all that we kind of used in the past, that was a primary motivator. And when we talked about the cyclical trend from ARPU back to customer acquisition, I think I remember a quarter or two ago saying that we would focus on programs and that we hope to get a tailwind from a return acquisition. So I do not think those it is not sort of one or the other. We certainly can do both because they are really for different reasons. Some of the programs maybe can incentivize a shift away from ARPU, but I do not think that has the same effect as giving our registrars the choice that the diverse nature of that channel is going to require. George, do you have any comment?
George Kilguss: I would just say, Ygal, you know, look at we clearly have a good channel. We want the stronger we can make that channel, the better it is for us. And so we are trying to support that channel because they are evolving, they have different needs, and sometimes, some of our previous programs may not have fit the needs of all registrars. We are taking that feedback. We are helping them. We are also trying to help them target registrations, new registrations to high renewal rate cohorts. Which would be good for them and good for us. And so as Jim said, the channel continues to evolve. The market continues to evolve. And we believe we need to continue to do the same to support the channel.
Jim Bidzos: I guess one last thing I might add here is that we said, I think George mentioned in his remarks that we are seeing take up in the channel. I think this is a result of offering more flexibility and choice in our programs. In the past, when we had a fairly straightforward simple program offered to all. We saw that it worked for some and did not work for some. And what the feedback we are getting is that these choices are great, and they are finding programs that work for them. That is the initial take up. We will see where it goes. Of course, we will work hard to support them, but, you know, that is something we can put some energy into and hopefully get a return. But I would say ARPU is a cyclical tailwind in a sense. There is less we can influence there. We can benefit from it. And we are seeing signs that that shift is occurring as well.
Ygal Aronian: Okay. Very helpful. A quick follow-up on that. Is it just a shift in strategy, or are you spending more on the marketing programs that maybe just if you could talk about how that is embedded in the operating income guidance for the year.
George Kilguss: Yeah. I would say, primarily, it is a shift in strategy. Having said that, a lot of our programs are success-based. So if they are extremely successful, we will spend more, but those should be accretive to us over time. But it really is a shift to strategy recognizing the changing channel and trying to support them in their different strategies.
Jim Bidzos: And the expense of all those programs is baked into our guidance. I would just add.
Ygal Aronian: Okay. Alright. Helpful. I have two more, if you do not mind. One is the gross new registrations number was, if my numbers are right, the largest one since Q2 2021. Or year on the year-over-year growth. Sorry. Can you talk about that? What you are seeing there? And that is a pretty impressive number in the quarter. I know the renewal rates are still a little bit below where they are normally. But if you look at the gross numbers, it looks like some of the cyclicality is already coming back here in Q4.
George Kilguss: Yeah. As you point out, Ygal, we did 9.5 million new registrations, up sequentially and also up year-over-year. Again, I would credit some of the early successes to some of the programs we launched in the fourth quarter that supported that. So we saw good engagement from some people. Again, it is only a partial year. And we think, you know, once we get further into the year, we will get more channel partners engaging in these programs, but it is some early successes from those programs. So, you know, not huge numbers, but we are seeing positive trends. And as you saw, and as Jim mentioned, the contraction of the domain name base a half a million dollars. That is, you know, it was 1.1 million down in the third quarter and 1.2 million down in the year-ago fourth quarter. So we saw some improvement here, and that gives some optimism here as we move into 2025.
Ygal Aronian: Yeah. Okay. Helpful. And then last maybe a little bit of a bigger picture question. Or auctions coming up for some new generic TLDs later this year. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that. You know, particularly with the way NGTLDs have taken share of total domains over the last decade since they have been introduced. Are you interested in bidding for new domains? Has your strategy changed in the kind of amount of domains you want to be a registry for, especially think about that. And sorry. And within that, maybe you could just give us an update on .web. That is also a new TLD. Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: I am glad you mentioned .web because I was going to sort of include that in the answer. We did some years ago, obviously, move to acquire another TLD and expand our portfolio there. So first of all, let me answer them in reverse order. So with .web, we are still very interested in being the registry operator for .web. Although this process has taken quite a few years, we still want to be able to offer .web domains to our customers. The process is still with ICANN, and it is their IRP or roughly translates to arbitration process. And we understand what we have come to understand here recently is that there will be more briefings and hearings in 2025 with a planned final merits hearing currently slated for later 2025. And we think that they are continuing to drag this process out and to abuse ICANN's rules actually is the intention of the competing party. As far as the new round, we are considering looking at it. Tossing ideas around, looking at the potential for applications, but we have nothing to share at this point.
Rob Oliver: Alright. For taking fifteen questions from two analysts.
Jim Bidzos: Anytime.
Operator: And that does conclude the question and answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. A good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley : Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos : Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. Just an apology here before I start that I might sneeze somewhere along the way, a little bit of the allergy effect today. We delivered another quarter of operational and financial stability by focusing on our mission as a critical Internet infrastructure operator. Also, we extended our unparalleled 27 years of 100% uninterrupted availability for the common net domain name resolution system. For the third quarter, revenues grew 3.8% year-over-year, operating income grew 5.9% year-over-year and earnings per share grew 13.1% year-over-year. At the end of September, the domain name basin dotcom and dot net totaled 169.6 million domain names. During the third quarter, the domain name base decreased by 1.1 million names. From a new registration perspective, the third quarter ended with 9.3 million new registrations compared with 9.9 million names for the same quarter last year. The renewal rate for the third quarter of 2024 is expected to be approximately 72.3% compared to 73.5% a year ago. As we have previously reported, we continue to see U.S. registrars prioritize ARPU over customer acquisition through higher retail pricing levels, increased focus on aftermarket sales and reduced spend on marketing to new customers compared with prior years. In addition, and as expected, China-related weakness continues. These factors are impacting new registrations and renewal rates in 2024. During the third quarter, the U.S. region was lower by approximately 850,000 names. China-related weakness contributed to most of the remaining sequential decline in the third quarter. The domain name base from our EMEA region was up nearly 200,000 names during the third quarter. As we've noted in our prior earnings calls, we have been developing and piloting new registrar marketing programs with our channel to support our goal of returning to domain name base growth. While we have seen good response to our new programs, it does take time for registrars to adopt and integrate them into their sales cycle. As a result, many are looking towards 2025 to engage more fully. Accordingly and with current trends persisting returning the entire DNB to growth in the second half of 2025 may be more challenging. With that being said, we're doing what we can to help refocus the registrars towards higher renewal rate cohorts with our new programs, and we will provide full year guidance for 2025 during our February earnings call. With the current trends tracking in line with our forecast from last quarter, we are narrowing our expectations for the change in the domain name base to be between negative 2.9% and negative 2.3% for full year 2024, decreasing the midpoint by 10 basis points. Moving now to the company's contracts. On September 26, ICANN posted the revised com registry agreement for public comment. The comment period runs through November 5. The current .com registry agreement expires November 30, and we expect the renewal process to be completed by that date. Also, as we previously disclosed, we have agreed to discussions with the NTIA regarding dotcom pricing and the health of the dotcom ecosystem. Dotcom ecosystem includes the retail and secondary markets as part of possible mutually agreed solutions that serve the public interest and benefit end users, especially businesses and consumers. These discussions are separate from the com registry agreement renewal process with ICANN. We're engaged with the NTIA now in these discussions, but we have no further update at this time. Our financial and liquidity position continues to remain stable at $645 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million shares for $301 million. At quarter end, $1.28 billion remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George, I'll return when George has completed his report with closing remarks. George?
George Kilguss : Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the company generated revenue of $391 million, up 3.8% from the same quarter of 2023 and delivered operating income of $269 million, an increase of 5.9% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in Q3 2024 totaled $121 million and $368 million for the nine months ended September 30, which compares to $122 million in Q3 2023 and $368 million for the first three quarters of 2023. Net income in the third quarter totaled $201 million compared to $188 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2.07 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to $1.83 for the same quarter of 2023. Operating cash flow for the third quarter of 2024 was $253 million and free cash flow was $248 million compared with $245 million and $217 million, respectively, in the year ago quarter. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2024 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be between $1.554 billion and $1.559 billion. Operating income is now expected to be between $1.054 billion and $1.059 billion. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates is now expected to be an expense of between $32 million and $42 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $25 million and $35 million, and the GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 21% and 24%. Overall, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial discipline during the quarter. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos : Thank you, George. In closing, and especially for those who may be new to VeriSign, I'd like to say more about what we do and what it takes to deliver 27 years of uninterrupted DNS availability for common net. We recently published a blog myths versus facts about VeriSign. In it, we refer to our infrastructure, which is better described as a complex system comprised of many critical components. We often describe it as a proprietary purpose-built network. Let me briefly describe and expand some of what's behind that. First, an important part of what makes our system unique is our multiple redundant data centers that can receive, process and immediately distribute globally, millions of updates to registration data all that can happen in under 20 seconds and arrive at our global resolution constellation. And then we can immediately reply to queries within milliseconds anywhere in the world. We also maintained to the maximum extent possible, control of the remote sites from hardware and firmware up allowing for better security practices such as firmware, boot loader and code verification single-purpose proprietary and optimized DNS processing, which provides additional layers of protection against cyberattacks, elimination of shared services, meaning dedicated capacity and no multi-tenancy for networks or compute resources throughout the entire system, which is one reason we do not rely on public cloud services but have developed our own purpose-built private cloud infrastructure. Network compute and all other resources are dedicated to delivering on our core mission registry, resolution and route services. This allows us to mitigate risks such as collateral damage that arise in public cloud infrastructure with service locations in more than 60 countries in data centers we wholly own or secure colocation space as we lease the entire system was designed with maximum diversity that includes operating systems, compute, network and security hardware, transit providers and more. And overcapacity measured in orders of magnitude. The most critical component of our system is the 600-plus skilled engineers cybersecurity, InfoSec and DNS specialists that maintain, operate and protect it, that and a lot more that we don't talk publicly about is what it takes to achieve an unparalleled 100% availability record of 27-plus years spanning four decades, processing on average, hundreds of billions of transactions per day. Critical infrastructure that has reliant parties counted in the billions, users, devices and more around the world, and it deserves no less. Every quarter, you hear me thank our teams for their commitment and dedication to our mission. Delivering this level of performance and reliability as a source of pride and deep responsibility for our employees. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver : Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. Jim, I want to touch on your comments relative to the channel marketing efforts that you guys are engaged in. The registers prioritization of ARPU in this environment is not new, and I know initially when you guys rolled out these or announced the rollout of these plans, your hope was to grow domains in '25, it certainly sounds like you're less confident about that now. So I just wanted to get an update from you on how those plans are going if you've needed to tweak them at all or any color you could provide, unless something's changed at the registrar end that we're missing, how you guys are pivoting or adjusting to try to reaccelerate that growth in '25.
Jim Bidzos : Okay. Thanks, Rob. So correct me if I'm wrong, I think I heard two questions in there. One is -- one was about ARPU and the other one is about, call it, slipping into 2025. Is that fair? Is that kind of your question?
Rob Oliver : Well, I think -- well, you -- really, it's more the slip beyond '25 because I think the prioritization of ARPU is something that you guys have talked about, and we've seen at the registrars, unless there's a change there, I guess, so that's half a question, James, please.
Jim Bidzos : Yeah. Well, let me take them in reverse order then. When we're talking about the programs moving into 2025, the registrars are not able to engage quickly enough to put the programs into effect. So we see some of that slipping from '24 into '25 and therefore, we're pushing out a little further and saying that could impact our goal of returning to growth in the second half of 2025. Your second question about ARPU is we see clear indications of the registrars that are public companies. They've been very clear about a lot of their improvements and their performance coming from increased retail prices and higher average resale domains. GoDaddy disclosed recently that their resell revenue is in excess of $100 million per quarter. So that's the kind of ARPU that certainly understandable that they're pursuing it, but we still believe that ARPU is cyclical. And at some point, our return to customer acquisition is important. And I'll invite George to add any more color if you care to, but --
George Kilguss : Yeah, I think that's right, Jim. Rob, as Jim mentioned in the prepared remarks, we were down about $1.1 million in the quarter. 850 from the U.S. was the largest component there. And over the past few quarters, as you alluded to, we have seen U.S. registrars focus shift towards improving their profitability, and they're really doing that, three ways. One is, they've been raising retail prices to they have, as Jim alluded to, also, been focusing on the increased aftermarket sales, which they're basically marking up and selling currently owned inventory of premium names at premium prices. And so while that generates substantial revenue for them, on a per domain name basis, the registry doesn't obviously get compensated in that environment. And lastly, they've been reducing their marketing spend there. So that's really the headwind with ARPU in the U.S. markets. As far as China is concerned, we continue to see a weak macroeconomic environment there. We've also seen some increased regulation over there as well. And while Q3 was -- the sequential decline was a little bit less in Q3 from China, we still haven't seen any material change there. So right now, we don't expect that market to have turned the corner just yet. So -- but we're keeping an eye on it.
Rob Oliver : That's helpful. My second question was on China. So if I could just pick that up, George, that's helpful. Do you guys expect or can you update us on your thought relative to how or if you stand a benefit if we do see kind of continued uptick in economic activity in China. In other words, certainly, there's a cyclical element that you guys have, I think, helped the pain from. There's also been as you pointed out some regulatory issues, regulation. But I guess one thing we hear from investors often is sort of secular versus cyclical. So do we -- do you guys expect to benefit in China as or if we see economic activity in China rebound?
George Kilguss : Yeah. I can just tell you historically, when the China economy was doing better we also benefited as far as how that dynamic has changed, we're keeping an eye on it. Some of our registrars did pilot a few of our programs last quarter, and we're pleased with the results. So we're engaging with them and other registrars into 2025 to engage with our programs, and we hope that those will benefit us in 2025.
Rob Oliver : Got it. And then last one for me, George, also for you, just on that call that. So there was some outperformance on the operating income side relative to the -- at least the two estimates that are out there. But just curious, as you look at what potentially is these ongoing efforts on the marketing side, how we should think about the potential impact to costs? Or are those rationalized certainly through the end of '24. And how we might think about them not asking you to guide the cost for '25, but how we might think about the potential for incremental costs on these channel marketing efforts. Thanks.
George Kilguss : Yeah, a couple of things. I mean if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, it would imply that we're going to probably spend a little bit more here in Q4. If you look at our head count trends, we were able to hire about 12 people in the quarter, finding the right people to align with our mission and the skill sets that we need takes a little bit of time, and we've been looking for those people. So some of the investments that we've been trying to make this year have been pushed a little bit into the fourth quarter. We expect -- I would expect expenses to grow more in 2025 than they have in 2024. And we'll give you guidance next quarter on that. As it relates to marketing programs, we're always trying to make sure that the marketing programs are accretive to our business. And so to the extent that we're finding success in our programs, we're probably going to lean more into them and invest more in those programs, but we believe they'll be accretive, if you find they're not accretive, then you'll probably see us pull back on a few of those programs. So clearly, we're trying to drive profitable growth as we have been for a number of years for the company.
Rob Oliver : That’s great. Appreciate all the time. Thanks.
George Kilguss : Thank you.
Operator: Will take our last question from Max Moore with Citi.
Max Moore: Good afternoon guys. Appreciate taking my question. Don't worry, they will be back next quarter. I guess just maybe looking at capital allocation and buybacks. This year is tracking, I think, be one of your largest ever on buybacks. So just how should we think about kind of the pace of buybacks from here? And then also, would you consider just given the amount of free cash you have consider anything on the leverage side, maybe lever up to increase the pace of buyback..
Jim Bidzos : Well, let me respond to your question and invite George afterwards as well. On a part of it certainly about leverage I think you could probably determine from my comments about our operations that I've provided a little bit more color on. We're very careful and conservative about approach to cybersecurity. That also applies to financial stability. We're very cautious. We're not over levered. There's a lot of reasons for that. We -- there are a variety of factors. We just have -- financial stability and operational stability, security and stability and the infrastructure that we operate, all those things to us are the same thing -- it's all part of the company's stability. We obviously don't -- we are not as leveraged as we possibly could be, and we believe, certainly, that's not a priority for us and that's not something that we're going to do. We don't guide to buybacks. Obviously, historically, you've seen what we've done. George, I'd like you to comment further.
George Kilguss : Yeah, Max. I mean, I think, look, we're trying to return excess cash to shareholders in the most efficient way possible. We've been doing that for a number of years. We'll continue to evaluate the methods and the ways to do that and the appropriate amounts based on our plans and our investment strategy. So -- as Jim said, we don't guide to it, but we try to -- I would just look historically what we've done. And if our philosophy change, we'll communicate it to you.
Max Moore: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then maybe just on some of the marketing initiatives. I don't know if you've given some examples of some of the programs you are looking to implement, but if there's any color there you could share, that would be helpful.
George Kilguss : Yeah. As we've mentioned, I think in summary, we've really been looking to give more choice to registrars that have potentially different go-to-market strategies, while I'd rather not provide specifics for competitive reasons, an example of choice could be offering multiple programs that should appeal to registrars that are looking to sell more product or TLDs to existing customers. And then there are some programs that we're looking to appeal to registrars that maybe prefer new customer acquisition. But we're also trying to align these programs with registrar's goals of pursuing higher renewal rate cohorts. And to the extent we can find those win-win opportunities, we think we'll be successful in that effort.
Max Moore: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to David Atchley for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley : Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's second quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under -- about VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we cover results, I'd like to note that last week; we marked 27 years of 100% uninterrupted availability for the .com, .net domain name resolution system. This milestone represents an unparalleled achievement in our industry for operating secure, stable and resilient DNS infrastructure. For well over 1/4 of the century, amidst some of the most technologically significant changes the world has ever experienced, our teams have successfully built, maintained, operated and evolved the infrastructure that enables hundreds of billions of queries a day and supports trillions of dollars in global commerce. In fact, we answer on average, 328 billion queries per day, billion with a B. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, and that's over 3.7 million per second. We do this amidst ever-increasing Internet demand and resilience, evolving technology and a challenging global cyber threat environment. Turning now to our results. We delivered another quarter of operational and financial stability by focusing on our mission as a critical Internet infrastructure provider. For the second quarter, revenues grew 4.1% year-over-year, operating income grew 7.1% year-over-year and earnings per share grew 12.3% year-over-year. At the end of June, the domain name basin .com, .net totaled 170.6 million domain names. During the second quarter, the domain name base decreased by 1.8 million names. From a new registration perspective, the second quarter ended with 9.2 million new registrations compared with 10.2 million names for the same quarter last year. The renewal rate for the second quarter of 2024 is expected to be approximately 72.6% compared to 73.4% a year ago. As we have previously reported, we continue to see U.S. registrars prioritize ARPU over customer acquisition through higher retail pricing levels and reduced spend on marketing to customers compared with prior years. These factors impacting new registrations are impacting new registrations and renewal rates and are leading to weaker trends in 2024 that are below our original expectations. During the second quarter, the U.S. region was lowered by about 800,000 names. In addition and as expected, China-related weakness continues and contributed to most of the remaining sequential decline in the second quarter. The domain name base from our EMEA region was up slightly during the second quarter. We have rolled out new registrar marketing programs over the past several weeks to support our registrars and our goal of returning to domain name base growth in the second half of 2025. However, given the ongoing impact of the factors we've mentioned, we now expect the change in the domain name base to be between negative 3% to a negative 2% for full year 2024. Our financial and liquidity position continues to remain stable with $690 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the second quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares for $388 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors has increased the amount authorized for share repurchase of VeriSign common stock by $1.11 billion, to a total of $1.5 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program, which has no expiration. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George. I'll return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the company generated revenue of $387 million, up 4.1% from the same quarter of 2023 and delivered operating income of $266 million, an increase of 7.1% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in the second quarter of 2024 totaled $121 million for the 3 months and $246 million for the 6 months ended June 30, which compares to $123 million in the second quarter of 2023 and $246 million for the first 2 quarters a year ago. Net income in the second quarter totaled $199 million compared to $186 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2.01 for the second quarter of 2024, compared to $1.79 for the same quarter of 2023. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $160 million and free cash flow was $151 million compared with $145 million and $139 million, respectively, in the year ago quarter. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2024 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.553 billion to $1.563 billion. Operating income is now expected to be between $1.048 billion and $1.058 billion. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates, is still expected to be an expense of between $25 million to $35 million. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $30 million to $40 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 21% and 24%. Overall, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. While we expect that the change in the domain name base for 2024 will be below prior year levels for the reasons we've discussed, we continue to believe our business fundamentals remain. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to introduce additional registrar marketing programs to target and support improvement in new registration trends once adopted and integrated into registrar our go-to-market activities. Our goals to fulfill our stewardship mission of providing care and reliable infrastructure services, managing our business responsibly and efficiently returning capital to our shareholders remain unchanged and support our commitment to deliver consistent financial results. Thank you for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks. And now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. I've got a few, and then I'll hop back into the queue. Jim, I guess, the first question would be, you talked a little bit about some of the activity at the registrars, particularly in North America and the focus on ARPU. Can you talk about the view out there that perhaps newer gTLDs are taking share from .com and what you're seeing in the data that gives you either a concern there or that would persuade you from that view? And then I have a couple of others.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. So ARPU -- while the primary ARPU is -- the primary factor in the U.S. weakness remains register focus -- register our focus on ARPU and the reduced spend on marketing, two components there. These factors are having a bigger impact and lasting longer than we originally expected earlier this year. The unregulated retail channel has increased prices more than twice our limited wholesale pricing flexibility with some increasing 3x or more. Also, we've seen some registrars focus on margin through price increases to the overall bundle. In addition, they've reduced marketing expenditures. So while our limited price increases on comp may have had an impact, we think the wholesale price impact is small relative to the overall price increases and other actions taken by the unregulated retail channel in the U.S. In relation to the new gTLD taking market share question, very low-cost new gTLDs seem to be picking up some of the monetization demand, primarily from China. I would just add that there's a thriving market of CCTLDs and new gTLDs. There are 33 million of them. But these names tend to have lower renewal rates and lower lifetime values compared to traditional cohorts. Some of these are the more speculative names that we're seeing a declining demand from our China registrar base. And let me remind you that new gTLDs operate under very different and more flexible contracts. They're allowed to offer special deals to individual registrars, some offer very low initial and renewal pricing. They can reserve and sell premiums anytime that they want. They're not as transparent. Very few are public companies. And it's important to note that there's a difference between a registry operator like us and some registries which are really registering marketers. They basically don't run a registry, but they outsource those operations to a back-end service provider who does it for them. So they tend to have very low overhead. Some of them have very, very few employees. They can sell these TLDs at very, very low prices and still be profitable. And again, they're not a public company, so we don't have much visibility, but we can -- we certainly understand that these are factors in the market. So you need to look a little bit closer to get the accurate picture there.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. Very helpful, Jim. I appreciate all the color. Two other for me, if I may. The second would be -- so something that just came out today, there was a congressional letter to the NTIA asking for them to review the contract for .com? It's been our understanding that they can ask all they want, but there's no legal ground. But that follows, I guess, an earlier report from a think tank in New York also suggesting the same. So I just wanted to get your reaction to that letter, which came out today?
Jim Bidzos: We've seen the letter and the questions to NTIA. So I can't speak for NTIA but our reaction was that questions do typically occur every 6 years around the renewal of the .com registry agreement. Some of the questions in the letter are about wholesale .com price increases. As you know, our pricing is completely transparent and regulated. Since 2018, the com wholesale price has gone up $1.74. Our research shows that the benefit from our cap wholesale prices is not always passed on to consumers, either in a retail market where, as I just mentioned, prices have gone up more than twice as much as the wholesale price increases. Or in the secondary market, where the average price for .com domain is estimated to be $1,600 or about 166 time today's wholesale price. Academic research sizes the secondary market at over $2 billion that's with a B. $2 billion per year, which exceeds VeriSign's revenue. And unlike any actor in the secondary market, you know that VeriSign, as all of you know, VeriSign operates critical infrastructure which helps to enable the global digital economy. We understand that one of these secondary market players has warehoused about 4.8 million .com domains for resale on the secondary market. Businesses that buy these .com domains on the secondary market at high prices pass the cost on to consumers. So while we expect questions about wholesale prices, and we'll do our best to assist it fast by NTIA. The issue of retail, especially secondary market pricing is an important part of the discussion of the com domain name market that hasn't been sufficiently addressed yet.
Rob Oliver: Okay, that's extremely helpful. I guess the ultimate question we get most often from investors would be. Is there a risk the .com contract and your most recent thoughts on that would be great?
Jim Bidzos: Well, a word, no, there's no -- there's no provision in a cooperative agreement to rebid .com and we believe that Amendment 35 is clear that should the DOC decide to sunset the cooperative agreement, which we're not seeking, then VeriSign would continue to operate the com Registry under the ICANN contract which like all ICANN agreements as a presumptive right of renewal.
Rob Oliver: Okay, that's really helpful. I have -- you know if you one or two others, but I'll hop back in the queue. So I appreciate it.
Operator: Will take our next question from Ygal Arounian with Citigroup.
Ygal Arounian: Similarly, we've lately been getting most of our questions around the agreements, both NTIA [ph] with ICANN and the Cooperative Agreement with Department of Commerce. So maybe just an opportunity to clarify; these are two separate contracts, are they interrelated at all? The date that -- the DOC would have to -- to give you notice on whether -- if they're not doing the cooperative agreement; is that August 2? Just to clarify. And then the part that people, I guess, investors are most confused about lately is where the pricing part of the contract sits. Does that sit with the Department of Commerce? Does that sit within the ICANN contract? Meaning, if the Department of Commerce on sets the cooperative agreement; what happens for the pricing? Where does that get negotiated regardless? Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks, Ygal. So maybe it would just be helpful if I briefly covered that the two contracts are at a very high level and briefly on the interest of time and what their interrelationship is. I think that was the first thing that you asked me. So the Cooperative Agreement is between VeriSign and the NTI Department of Commerce. And that contract in the past prior to 2018 was a contract that oversaw the conditions of renewal with our registry agreement with ICANN. So after we negotiated with ICANN to exercise our presumptive right of renewal, the NTIA had to approve what we did. In 2018, Amendment 35 basically gave ongoing priority consent to do that provided that we didn't change certain provisions of the registry agreement with ICANN. The first one was that we not change the termination provisions, not change the performance requirements that we had to deliver and not change the pricing. And so that pricing in 2018 is a limited ability to raise prices. And through Amendment 3 to the contract with ICANN, that new pricing that was permitted in 2018 is now part of the com registry agreement. So therefore, the Cooperative Agreement has 3 outcomes. One is that as it's coming up for renewal here. Renewal is sort of a different word. It's not quite like the ICANN agreement. The Department of Commerce has the unilateral right to sunset the Cooperative Agreement if it chooses to and that has to give notice that it intends to do so. We don't see -- by the way, the sunset. I think renewal is sort of a strange. It's an evergreen renewal. If nothing is done, the contract automatically renews under the exact same provisions that it has, which is that we can get our business done with ICANN and renew the com agreement provided we don't change those 3 things, which we never seek to do. However, as I said, they could sunset it and they have to give notice, and I believe that's the right date. I don't -- I haven't looked at part of the contract in a while, but I think that August date is the right one. So if they choose to sunset it, they have to give notice, and I believe that's the date by which they must give notice so that the contract, which will either expire or renew that would be at the end of November. So if they want to sunset it, they would give notice by August 2. If they do nothing, the contract will automatically renew for another 6 years with all of its provisions intact. Those are the outcomes that can't be changed unless we mutually agree to whatever changes. So that's the cooperative agreement, the ICANN agreement. Although separate, as you can see now, requires that we don't change those 3 things, which we never seek to do. And with ICANN, like every one of the hundreds, actually thousands of registry agreements, they all contain a presumptive right of renewal. And that we've exercised most recently with .net, relatively straightforward renewal. And I think we got a question on the last call, so maybe I'll anticipate that you're thinking it. We are engaged with ICANN. We are very much engaged in preparing the .com registry renewal, which comes up for renewal by November 30. So we're well in advance of that, and we're working on it. I hope that answers your question.
Ygal Arounian: It does. I know it's a multi-part of the question. Just to be clear, again, the pricing -- the wholesale pricing component right now sits between the VeriSign and ICANN in the registry agreement. Is that correct?
Jim Bidzos: Well, it was negotiated with the Department of Commerce in 2018 and through Amendment 3 in 2020; it was moved into the com agreement as it's required to do. Those changes in the Cooperative Agreement pass on. So and we can't change them in our negotiations with ICANN. So they stay as does the performance requirements and as do the termination provisions. And you can see how all those work together.
Ygal Arounian: Yes, understood. There's a lot of legal elements here; so that's…
Jim Bidzos: It's a bit tricky, but -- yes. No, I understand. But if you look carefully at the different components, the outcomes sort of are pretty straightforward.
Ygal Arounian: Yes, understood. And that's really helpful clarification. I want to ask about -- I want to ask about the marketing that you're doing with registrars in the U.S. I know you're saying it's just a couple of weeks, but maybe there is -- and the outcome is not going to come until next year, but maybe there's a little bit, so you can -- a little bit of color that you can add on what you're doing there or what the receptiveness has been from the registrars? So anything that would be helpful.
Jim Bidzos: Sure. George is taking a lead on that. So, George?
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim. So Ygal, as we mentioned last quarter, in addition to the annual marketing programs that we launched at the beginning of the year, we have rolled out some new programs. During late Q2, we launched some new programs on .net. And this quarter, we've rolled out some programs to the registrar community on .com. Again, our strategy is really to broaden the options that registrars can choose from, depending on their different business models, geographic footprints and installed bases. I would say the initial feedback has been positive to those programs but it is early. And of course, while we've had, I think, some good registrar engagement there, it will take a little bit of time to registrars to work those programs into their go-to-market strategies. So still early days, but we've gotten some actual feedback. And as you may also know, we will start working here in the fourth quarter to modify and enhance and target additional programs for 2025. We tend to gear that up in the fourth quarter and begin to talk to registrars about those programs as well. So any of the programs that we've rolled out better that we get feedback on, we'll look to try to tweak those to make sure that they work best for the registrar community.
Ygal Arounian: All right. And I'll ask one last one. Just on the updated gain guidance. You're giving down 3% at the low end, that would -- based on the first half, the current trends, that would seem to imply trends get worse, not continue at the current level. So just want to know how to think about that number? Is it just incremental caution around the trends? What is it something you're seeing or what needs to happen to get -- go from down 2 to down 3. What's contemplated there?
George Kilguss: Yes, sure. So if you look -- simply, if you look at the first half of the year, we're for the first 6 months, we're down about 2 million names. And so the midpoint of our guidance suggests that, that trend is probably going to continue here for the second half. Having said that, on the upside if some of our marketing programs start taking root or as Jim mentioned, if registrars stop being as aggressive in the marketplace with ARPU or there has been some recent news out of China where the Chinese government has put some stimulus into that marketplace, if those things start to take root, I think those are positive and can close that gap a little bit for us on the downside to the extent any of those trends worsen, i.e., the China market continues to not turn around or worsens and renewal rates from some of the activities [ph] continuing to exercise their pricing flexibility weaken that could potentially get to the bottom of that range. But right now, I think the simplest thing the midpoint of our guidance suggests that the second half will be similar to the first half of this year.
Jim Bidzos: This is Jim. I just -- there's a couple of other things in the Cooperative Agreement that can't be changed. We normally don't think of them because they aren't generally of interest to investors. But I think everybody is aware of them. But one is that we cannot be vertically integrated for .com. We cannot be our own registrar for .com. And I think you might recall that in Amendment 35, we got clarification that only applies to .com. So we don't have any plans to become a registrar for anything, but there is a restriction in the Cooperative Agreement has been forever that we cannot -- for quite a few years that we could not be our own registrar for .com. And there's a function called who is, where people can query registrations and there are some requirements to continue to support that. Just for all clarity, I think there's one more technical one, but it's all in Amendment 35, pretty easy to find. But I think the important ones for investors are pricing SLA, the service level agreement, the performance and termination. And we don't see -- and by the way, we don't see to change any of the other ones either since we got clarification on a vertical integration, there's really nothing in the cooperative agreement that we would seek to change and we don't see [indiscernible] termination or sunset.
Ygal Arounian: Got it. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: We will take our last question from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Thanks for squeezing me in for one more. Jim or George, just a question on capital allocation. I saw you guys re-up to the buyback. I guess, Jim, just thinking about your time since returning to VeriSign, you essentially unwound and so many of the noncore businesses and which our view has been, this is a tremendous competitive advantage for you guys. However, it was interesting in response to Ygal's question, what you just said about vertical integration because, yes, clearly, you can't do that with .com. But just wondering the extent to which the current malaise in .com growth and some of the activity with new gTLDs, coupled with a very strong financial position that you guys have might cause you to rethink your capital allocation strategy, either via M&A or getting more aggressive with the new gTLD market or in any other way?
Jim Bidzos: It's a good question. We don't guide to any of those things. I'd be reluctant to say anything about it. Now we do -- I will say though that, as you're aware, we have pursued growth through the pursuit of a new TLD .web, and that continues, of course, in litigation, and there's no update, unfortunately, this quarter. But I think that adding a new TLD and giving our customers more choice was a good plan, a good growth plan for us. But also to remember that our primary mission, the 328 billion queries a day and delivering that and having delivered it for 27 years is a primary mission. We have a strategic framework that balances growth against meeting our SLAs, which is obviously a very important thing. So we certainly have the flexibility to become a registrar for .web, if we wanted to. But all the other things that you mentioned, and we have no intention of doing that. But the other things that you mentioned, we wouldn't guide to and are complicated processes. All I can say is that if you look at our long track record of capital allocation, as you can see from our financial results today it's serving us well.
Operator: This does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to David Atchley for final remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to Verisign's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir. 
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Verisign's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About Verisign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release.
 At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K.
 Verisign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and 2 non-GAAP measures used by Verisign: adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call.
 Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. 
D. Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. In addition to continuing to deliver on our mission as a critical Internet infrastructure provider, we delivered solid and consistent financial results during the first quarter. These results show the continued financial strength of our business model.
 For the first quarter, revenues grew 5.5% year-over-year, operating income grew 7.3% year-over-year and earnings per share grew 12.9% year-over-year. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 172.5 million domain names, down 270,000 names from year-end 2023. From a new registration perspective, the first quarter ended with 9.5 million new registrations compared with 10.3 million names for the same quarter last year. The renewal rate for the first quarter of 2024 is expected to be approximately 74% compared to 75.5% a year ago.
 As we discussed last quarter, we expect our domains under management from our China-based registrars to contract in 2024. In the first quarter, this segment declined by 360,000 names. For the reasons noted in prior quarters, this regional softness has been the primary source of the recent drag on the overall domain name base growth.
 We're also seeing some softness from our U.S.-based registrars primarily due to their increased focus on ARPU through higher retail pricing levels, which is impacting new registrations and renewal rates. While we had expected these same factors to gradually subside in 2024, based on our first quarter results and current channel feedback, we now expect these conditions to persist through most of 2024.
 That being said, we're in the process of rolling out new registrar marketing programs to support and improve registration trends for the second half of this year to achieve our goal of returning the domain name base to growth in 2025. We're now expecting the change in the domain name base to be between positive 0.25% to a negative 1.75% for the full year 2024. As a modeling note, the decrease in domain name base is expected to be most pronounced during the second quarter of '24 due to a seasonally larger expiring base of domains during the first half of the year.
 Our financial and liquidity position continues to remain stable with $925 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares for $260 million. At quarter end, $860 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to George. I'll return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks. 
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, the company generated revenue of $384 million, up 5.5% from the same quarter of 2023 and delivered operating income of $259 million, an increase of 7.3% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in the first quarter totaled $125 million compared to $124 million last quarter and $123 million in the year ago quarter.
 Net income in the first quarter totaled $194 million compared to $179 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.92 for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $1.70 for the same quarter of 2023. Operating cash flow for the first quarter of 2024 was $257 million, and free cash flow was $254 million compared with $259 million and $253 million, respectively, in the year ago quarter.
 I'll now discuss our updated full year 2024 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.555 billion to $1.570 billion. Our operating income is now expected to be between $1.047 billion and $1.062 billion. Interest expense and nonoperating income net, which includes interest income estimates, is now expected to be an expense of between $25 million to $35 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $30 million to $40 million, and the GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 21% and 24%.
 Overall, Verisign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the quarter. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks. 
D. Bidzos: Thank you, George. While we expect that the change in the domain name base for 2024 will be below historic levels for the reasons we've discussed, we continue to believe our business fundamentals remain strong.
 As I mentioned earlier, we're introducing additional registrar marketing programs to target quality growth in the domain name base. These programs will become active during the second half of 2024. We expect these programs to begin improving registration trends during 2024 and to contribute to a return to growth in 2025.
 Our goals to fulfill our stewardship mission of providing secure and reliable infrastructure services, managing our secure and reliable infrastructure services and our business responsibly, and efficiently returning capital to our shareholders remain unchanged and support our commitment to deliver strong financial results, including steady growth in revenue, operating income and EPS.
 Thank you for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Oliver with Baird. 
Robert Oliver: Great. Jim, first one is for you. Could you just put a finer point on some of those conditions that you discussed, which are weighing on U.S.-based, domestic-based .com growth within registrars?
 And as a follow-up to that, I don't know how much detail you can provide, but maybe if you could give us any color around what sorts of programs we can expect which could help drive that return to growth in '25. I know you guys clearly have a long operational history of working well with your registrars and would be curious to know -- get a little sense of what it is that you had in mind. And then I had a couple of follow-ups. 
D. Bidzos: Sure. Let's see, your first question was on the U.S. market. So basically, as we've discussed, what we see is the recent registrar focus on ARPU has led to some higher retail pricing and a reduction of their promotional offers. And of course, just as a reminder, we don't control the retail pricing, the registrars do. And when you combine that with decreased marketing and advertising outlays from the channel, we think this is a factor leading to less demand for products at present as well as some lower registration volumes and lower renewal rates.
 As to the marketing programs, obviously, I can't really go into a lot of detail, but I can say that in addition to the existing programs that we have, we've got some new ones coming to market. We have one currently launched that is focused on .net, and we plan to launch additional programs focused on com in the second half of the year. So basically, what I can generally say about these programs and what's different, I think it helps to just understand that our channel is greatly varied.
 First of all, through COVID and afterwards, they've all gone through changes as we have, but we also have a channel that's evolved to include people like website builders and wholesale registrars who are selling to others. So our strategy is to broaden the options that's available to this sort of diverse group with diverse business models, geographic footprints, different installed bases.
 So by offering a broader selection, our goal is to increase engagement with our TLDs for the registrars and their customers. Clearly, one size doesn't fit all, like it has in the past many years ago that worked better. So these programs are really designed to address that diversity, and they also -- they're also designed with feedback that we've received from the community, and multiple options is clearly desirable. So that's the good generalization I can offer you. 
Robert Oliver: Great. That's helpful color. And then just as a corollary to that, George, for you. We're still running through the model here and obviously, the margin or profit coming down a little bit. That could be a result of the revenue, but is that -- is there -- are there any additional expenses in that second half associated with this program that would -- to drive -- to restart that jump in .com growth for '25? Any additional expenses captured in that change? 
George Kilguss: Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. I would say not a necessarily direct expense associated with those programs. We do have expense already budgeted, and that is reflected in the current guidance that we're already putting out there for you. 
Robert Oliver: Okay. Great. Helpful. Last question for me, and then I'll turn it over to Ygal. On China, Jim, last quarter, you mentioned that the situation was, I think you used the word opaque, and that there was just so many moving parts, and you guys have been a strong partner and provider in China for so many years.
 I'm curious how, if at all, that visibility has changed from 3 months ago. Is there a chance we see a bottom here? Has there been any evolution, in your view? And any color around what's happening in China would be helpful. 
D. Bidzos: Sure. Well, I guess, first of all, I would just remind you that in my prepared remarks, at least I mentioned that we do expect China to continue to be a drag through 2024. So that's the first thing. In terms of better visibility, less opacity. I'm -- not really. There's nothing really substantial that I think I can point to that gives us better insights. I just think that, that is a different market for all the reasons that we typically mention.
 The regulatory environment is a little bit different. They are much more adversely affected in terms of cost of goods, not just by price increases but also by the cost of buying dollars to pay for those domains. So they've -- that market is just sort of feeling a lot of different impacts. Specific detailed insights into it, no.
 I think our view of China is that, of course, at about 5% of our overall domain name base and moving downward, the negative impacts will, of course, ease as we move forward. That's one factor that will help us through 2024. The other, obviously, is 2 things, really. It's our programs that we're targeting at the registrars to help them focus on new customer acquisition and the fact that we think that their ARPU is sort of cyclical. We've seen that before.
 But specifically to China, I -- certainly not in the last 3 months, there's nothing I can point to that says we have a clear and better understanding. I think it's just simply affected as being a market that's more regulated and more sensitive. There are probably other factors that we don't fully understand. We study it closely, but that's the best answer I can give you right now. 
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Ygal Arounian with Citi. 
Ygal Arounian: If we could dig into the registrars and the focus on pricing and the impact that's having just a little bit more, is there anything within the pricing that's specific to .com that you're seeing, meaning if we look at kind of total domains beyond .com, the softness isn't necessarily as pronounced? So what are the dynamics? Why is it having a bigger impact on .com versus everything? Are they promoting some of the other TLDs more than they are .com? Just to understand that a little bit better. 
D. Bidzos: Well, it's -- Ygal, it's Jim. It's certainly true that one thing, I guess maybe I could have added, I didn't, so I'm glad you asked this question, to Rob's last question about China is that, that's where we're seeing other TLDs filling some of the demand there. These are TLDs that are priced extremely low. We're talking about sub-$1, in many cases. So that's certainly a factor.
 Again, we don't control the retail pricing. The channel is pricing our products .com, .net, sort of in a broad range. Some are pricing renewals above $20. Others are selling registrations and renewals much closer to the wholesale price. It varies. I think that focus on ARPU is probably a primary -- a factor in the U.S. along with the reduced spend on marketing.
 And I guess if I wanted to point to anything that we maybe could have done sooner or recognized a little better would be adapting these marketing programs sooner, but we're getting them into market now. So I think that will address some of the issues.
 But I think the place where you're seeing others make a huge dent is definitely in China. There are literally sub-dollar TLDs that are being sold there that are experiencing some growth. That's gone on and off over the years with different TLDs spiking way up and way down. You can see that in our DNIB report. 
George Kilguss: Ygal, it's George. We don't have the flexibility -- as much flexibility, I would say, in new gTLDs in certain markets. So we treat all our customers the same. And so sometimes when we have differences in exchange rates overseas, that can also be a factor in demand. 
Ygal Arounian: Got it. So just a follow-up on that, then. With pricing focus with Amendment 35 and the structure of the current contracts, do you think that there's maybe less pricing power in the domain? I mean I would think still not retail $20 a year. It's not the highest consideration purchase. Does that give you any pause or thoughts on how you think about pricing at a wholesale level? I know you don't control the retail level, but how does that flow through on how you think about the wholesale level? 
D. Bidzos: Well, I think the registrars have to make their own decisions on pricing. I think some of the higher renewal prices are, in my opinion, a testament to the stickiness and the high quality of the com product and that the largest segment we have is people who brand themselves on it, and those enjoy particularly high renewal rates. So I think it's just easy, if you have a product, a subscription product, that has strong stickiness like this, a functional TLD that's supported with a 26-year uptime record and all the other benefits that come with it. I think that's not particularly surprising.
 I'd attribute it more to the cyclical nature of ARPU. And new customer acquisition. And some of our programs are designed to accommodate the different business models that will get them more focused on new customer acquisition. 
Ygal Arounian: Okay. Helpful. And last one for me. Maybe -- we get a lot of questions as we get closer to the date on the .com renewal, and I'm assuming there's nothing new per se to say about it, but maybe just help us walk through the time line of the renewal. What are some of the key timing things to think about or what the time line might look like?
 And understanding, I think you've been through the idea that you have, the presumptive right of renewal here, and how the contract works is you're keeping the details the same, but any risks or other things for investors to think about as we get closer to that renewal date? 
D. Bidzos: I don't know what you mean by risk. I mean the contract has a presumptive right of renewal, and as long as we're meeting all SLAs, the contract says it shall be renewed. But the contract is not due for actual. The deadline date is the end of November, so it's a ways out. But we are now engaged with ICANN and are in the process of exchanging drafts to the com renewal. So it's early in that process, and com is, like I said, not due until the end of November.
 And the presumptive right of renewal, of course, was used with .net, and we had a -- we anticipate an on-time renewal as we had last year for .net. I think these -- ICANN has this in all of their thousands of gTLD contracts. There's a rolling constant exercise of this presumptive right of renewal, and we expect com, just like net and just like all the other gTLDs, to renew. 
Operator: And we'll take an additional question from Rob Oliver with Baird. 
Robert Oliver: Great. Jim, last quarter, you got a question on .web, so I think I'll ask it again. I'm not sure that there's been -- I know this doesn't seem like there's been any official update, but anything you guys have heard or seen or anything we should be aware of that constitutes any change? And could you just provide us your updated perspective on what you see as the possible time line or evolution of that web here? 
D. Bidzos: Thanks, Rob. Good question. I guess I would call it an update. You said movement. I guess this could qualify as that as well. So the one update I have is that Verisign and NDC have just filed an application to participate in this second IRP like we did the first one, as you know.
 We had that -- for context, we had this process where last April, ICANN's Board of Directors voted without objection to delegate .web to NDC. Altanovo then filed the second IRP complaint against ICANN. This second IRP is looking for the same relief to award .web to Altanovo that the first IRP panel rejected twice, sanctioning them the second time, and it's exactly what ICANN's Board committee and full Board also rejected last April.
 So we continue to believe that ICANN and the IRP panel should dispense as quickly as possible with what we believe to be baseless claims against ICANN. And by the way, Altanovo has no existing registry business, and as far as we can tell, whoever actually owns and is funding this litigation remains a secret. So the update is that we filed an application, and we'll see where the second IRP goes. 
Robert Oliver: Great. That's helpful. I'll have to go back to the record to look at that again. But very helpful. 
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley for final comments. 
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to Verisign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Verisign's fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About Verisign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-Q. Verisign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by Verisign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2023 marked another solid year of execution delivering consistent financial results while enhancing our critical internet infrastructure and extending our record of .com and .net DNS availability beyond 26 years. During 2023, revenue grew 4.8% year-over-year while operating income increased by 6.1%.  Shares outstanding at the end of 2023 decreased by 3.7% from the total of outstanding shares at the end of 2022. Our financial and liquidity positions remains stable with $926 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the year. Over the course of the year, we returned $883 million of capital to shareholders through the repurchase of 4.2 million shares.  At year end, $1.12 billion remained available authorized under the current share repurchase program which has no expiration. At the end of December, the domain base in .com and .net totaled 172.9 million domain names, down 0.6% from 173.8 million names at the end of 2022. During the fourth quarter, the domain name base decreased by 1.2 million domain names.  From a new registration perspective, the fourth quarter ended with 9 million new registrations, compared with 9.7 million names for the same quarter last year. For the full year, new registrations were 39.4 million names, down 490,000 names from the 39.9 million names we saw during 2022. The renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2023 is expected to be approximately 73.1% compared with 73.3% a year ago.  For the full year 2023, a preliminary renewal rate of 73.9% is below the 74.2% renewal rate of 2022. Both first time and previously renewed names were lower year-over-year. While there are many factors that drive demand for domain names, declining demand from China remains the primary source of drag on the overall domain name base growth.  Our domains under management from China-based registrars declined by 2.2 million names in 2023. China-based registrar demand has been weak as a result of several factors including challenging economic conditions, a more stringent regulatory environment and the impact of a weaker local currency combined with retail pricing adjustments.  Excluding registrars based in China, our domain name base grew by 1.2 million names or 0.8% during 2023. While the domain name base thus far in 2024 has grown quarter-to-date, we have not yet seen any material changes in the current macroeconomic or regulatory landscape in China. Therefore we believe it’s prudent to expect China to continue to negatively impact revenue and domain base growth during 2024.  However, with the China base portion of our base now at about 5% of our overall domain name base, we see the negative trend in China having a less pronounced effect on our overall business after 2024. For 2024, we are expecting the domain name base to remain flat year-over-year with a range of negative 1% and positive 1%.  As announced in today’s earnings release, we have given notice of a price increase of $0.67 to the annual wholesale price for .com domain names with raises of our wholesale price from $9.59 to $10.26 effective September 1, 2024. Even after this increase, we believe com will remain highly competitive with other TLD choices.  As a reminder, any of our domains maybe registered for terms up to ten years at the current wholesale price.  Now I’d like to turn the call over to George. I’ll return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks. 
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the company generated revenue of $1.493 billion, up 4.8% and delivered operating income of $1 billion, up 6.1% from 2022.  Operating expense totaled $492 million in 2023 and was up 2.2% from the previous year. The full year 2023 operating margin was 67% and free cash flow was $808 million. For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, the company generated revenue of $380 million, up 3% from the same quarter of 2022, and delivered operating income of $256 million, an increase of 4.4% from the same quarter a year ago.  Operating expense in Q4 totaled $124 million, compared to $122 million last quarter and it was flat from a year earlier.  Net income in the fourth quarter totaled $265 million, compared to $179 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2.860 for the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to $1.70 for the same quarter of 2022.  As stated in today’s earnings release, net income for the fourth quarter of 2023 included the recognition of income tax benefits related to the items noted in our release. Cumulatively, these income tax benefits increased net income by $69.3 million, and increased diluted earnings per share by $0.68.  Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $204 million, and free cash flow was $199 million, compared with $217 million and $209 million, respectively, in the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the full year 2023 totaled $854 million and $808 million, respectively.  I’ll now discuss our full year 2024 guidance. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.560 million to $1.580 million. Operating income is expected to be between $1.045 million and $1.065 million. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates is expected to be an expense of between $30 million to $40 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $35 million to $45 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be between 21% and 24%. Overall, Verisign has continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the last quarter and throughout 2023 and we look forward to building on our strengths in our mission in the coming year. I'll now turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks. Jim Bidzos Thank you, George. While demand from our registrars in China is expected to continue to remain soft in 2024, the fundamentals of our business remains strong. We firmly believe our responsible and disciplined management of our business and capital continue to service well allowing us to report another solid year, which in our view is one in which we fulfill our stewardship mission of providing secure and reliable infrastructure services, manage our business responsibly and efficiently and returning capital to our shareholders.  These goals remain unchanged and support our commitment to deliver strong financial results including steady growth in revenue, operating income and EPS. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now we will open the call for your questions. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Rob Oliver with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Jim you pointed out China, good conversation, obviously that’s on everybody’s mind and so just will be curious to start just to get a sense from you what if anything has changed in China you alluded to the more stringent regulatory environment, but would love to get a thought from you on that? And then I had a couple of follow-ups. Thanks. 
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks. Yeah, definitely China is the main focus of the results that we add. I mentioned in my remarks that we saw a 2.2 million unit decline from China registrars and that we had 1.2 million growth from registrars outside of China. So that the issues for us are definitely concentrated in China. And as I’ve said, today and have for several quarters it’s a variety of factors in China. Those are hard to predict that the challenging economic climate there, very difficult to predict what impact it’s having, how long that will last. The regulatory environment is one in which the process of obtaining domain names is a little bit more challenging, a lot more process, a lot more identification, confirmation authentication of the person registering, et cetera, process basically that makes it a little bit more difficult. And as we’ve mentioned for a couple of quarters now, foreign exchange is an issue as well, that increases cost of goods obviously for registrars selling domain names. So all of those things are contributing. It’s really hard to say. It’s an opaque market to try to understand. It’s very fluid. There is a lot going on there. Some of the things that are going on, migration and other stuff are things or shifts are making it difficult to really assess the impact, is it at the bottom? Is it bouncing along the bottom? When will it change? Those are really hard to see inside of a very opaque market. And so, and an abundance of caution, we just find it prudent to really be careful about guidance concerning China and where it might go. So, those are certainly the influence we are guiding to a flattish DNB, domain name base as a result and it’s just really difficult to predict. But as I mentioned, we are reaching the point here where the China base registrars represent about 5% of our zone. So, I guess, the impact – if the negative impact continues at whatever rate it should be less pronounced as I mentioned. 
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. Very helpful. Thanks, Jim. And George, if I may, on that domain base guide of negative 1% to plus 1%, how should we think about the impact of China within that? If you could give us a sense of how we might pull back our debt, in other words, what is trying to coming out of the numbers is China move – is moving beyond China total the forecast or is it starting to moderate? I know Jim just rightfully this is hard to predict, but I guess, you have made some predictions. So just curious how we can ballpark that? 
George Kilguss: Yeah, Rob, as Jim mentioned, in 2023, China clearly was a drag down about 2.2 million units and from a revenue perspective, which you will see in our when we file our Q, our revenue from China was down about $14.4 million. As we think about the guidance that we’ve provided, both from a revenue perspective and a domain name base perspective, we are assuming that the impact that we saw here in 2023 is going to have a similar impact in 2024 and as a result of that, that’s factoring into kind of the midpoint of our guidance of revenue and also factoring it to the midpoint of our guidance of the domain name base. 
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. Very helpful. Thanks. And then, last one from me and then I’ll pass the baton. Just Jim, wanted to see if there was any update that you guys have heard of that we should be aware of about .web and you had .communication in late August and you got commented on the last call just about where things stood. But just wanted to see if we could get a refresh run matter of anything we should be aware of coming up. Thank you. 
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, thanks for that question too. So there is not a new update on .web. I’ll just reiterate what I said last time which hasn’t changed which is that I can’t publish their response to the latest IRP and they were very dismissive of it that described in detail. Again their process that they employed in determining the .web was handled properly and that there are no issues. And so, what we’ve seen so far is basically process and procedure delays. And we are confident that that’s going to come to an end that those will run out eventually. I just don’t think that anything is going to change in the meticulous process that I can again concluding with the Board both without objection to instruct that to proceed with processing the .web application. Those were the last official communications of the Board in writing to the community and to staff. So, we are waiting for some of these process things to clear up watching the website. So, nothing new from the last time. I’ll just reiterate our confidence in what the outcome will be and reiterate our strong desire and exciting anticipation of bringing .web to market to our extended channel and to their millions of customers. 
Rob Oliver: Great. Thanks for that, Jim. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. 
Jim Bidzos: Thank you. 
Operator: We will take our last question from Ygal Arounian with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Ygal Arounian: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Maybe just to start, I am assuming that’s probably not a lot you can comment on the upcoming .com renewal, but if there is any chance to something you could say or something you want to comment on just to get and ask about that first?
Jim Bidzos: I’ll just say that .com renewal is based on a presumptive right of renewal. The .net renewal last year was similar and executed smoothly and on to .com. 
Ygal Arounian: Okay. Great. And that’s what I figured. For the global trends, understanding what’s going on in China, talk about the 1 million growth in domains outside of China. Can you frame that a little bit more? Is that typical? Is it still not at where you would call normal historical levels understanding there is some fluctuations over time? What are the trends you are seeing globally that give you confidence or not and if there is anything in particular that you could point on kind of maybe the US and Europe can be helpful?
George Kilguss: Yes. Sure, Ygal, this is George. So, yeah, as you just articulated, we did grow about 1.2 million domain names in our base outside of China when we look at that growth, that primarily came from both EMEA and our all other segments. Both of those were up. The US was a little flat. It was down by about 500,000 units in the domain names base year-over-year. But as a reminder, many of our US registrars are global in their reach. So I wouldn’t necessarily attribute all of that weakness here to US registrants. But we do notice that US registrants have been focused more on ARPU this year and 2023. So we think that can be a factor as well. But we didn’t see good growth in EMEA as well as in our other all other segments. 
Ygal Arounian: Got it. And then, just I guess following down the lines, want to maybe dig into the margin outlook for next year in costs. Less margin expansion at least to start here on the expectation for next year than what we saw this year. Can you just talk about investments and where you are looking to spend next year? And maybe tie in with that expectations around buybacks for next year as well? 
George Kilguss: Yeah, I can help you a little bit with that. I mean, first, in 2023, our expenses grew by 2.2%. But I will point out that that was favorably impacted by a $5 million reduction in fees paid to the government of Tuvalu. That went away in 2023 as that contract transitioned at the end of 2022. So on a normalized basis if you would adjust for that, we would have been closer to a 3.3% expense growth rate here in 2023, which is still I think a good job by the teams in managing the expense that they are responsible for. If you look at the midpoint of our guidance, that would imply about a 4.6% expense growth rate, which would be very similar to the growth rate we had back in 2022. So, hopefully that gives you some idea on the expense front. We are always investing with our strategic framework in mind making sure we are obviously protecting unconditionally growing responsibly and obviously managing continuously. And so, we will continue to focus on that framework that has served us well over the past several years. As far as buybacks, we really don’t guide to buybacks for a variety of reasons as we’ve talked about. But I think you can expect us to continue to be responsible in returning excess capital to shareholders as we have done for many, many years here in the past. 
Ygal Arounian: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, last one maybe bigger picture. GoDaddy had an interesting announcement earlier this week, a partnership with Ethereum Name Service or ENS and some of this stuff still on the crypto cycle little over my head, but I just wanted to get your thoughts on that, particularly because there were some commentary about the DNS and some of the challenges with integration there. I am just thinking about the kind of broader future domains and how block chain can impact, and maybe you have some views there. 
Jim Bidzos: Good question. Thanks, Ygal. Yeah, well this is really a positive development for the DNS. First of all, I don’t want to speak for either ENS of course or GoDaddy. But what they did is, is make it easier to link a domain name to a block chain address. So it’s a very positive development for the DNS and it reinforces the utility of a domain name and the already strong value proposition of a domain name. We’ve spoken here for years about domain names as a stable global identifier, a unique stable global identifier. That that’s the role it can play and the reason we think the domain name is the right, the best way to obtain such a unique identifiers because of the reliability, the maturity of the underlying infrastructure like the part that we operate, the well governed, well regulated space that determines the registrars and registrees are well regulated and how they behave, how they serve up IP addresses, what they have to do, that’s all part of our contract, that’s part of our requirement to perform 24/7 without fail. So they announced the domain names can be easily linked to ENS identifiers. ENS identifiers are typically linked to wallets holding crypto currencies. They are usually at difficult on intelligible string of characters. And there are other uses of ENS identifiers, but crypto currency wallets are a very common one. So, basically, being able to link your domain name to it is basically using this domain name and capping the DNS base with its global unique and stable identifier, all the benefits in the security that’s associated with it linking the block chain spaces, I think is a smart move and really good. It adds more utility and I think significantly more value to domain names. And the linkage itself benefits from the cryptographic strength of the DNS like DNSSEC, the domain name system security extensions. So the ownership that – the resolution of a domain name, all benefit from the underlying DNS that cryptographic protection to the strong public key infrastructure base things. You don’t see a lot of this work that we do and I think many of you probably know that my previous company are to say, basically inventing form of public ecryptography and build out infrastructure that was VeriSign 1.0. And so, this underlying secure, reliable infrastructure, along with the well governed space is why people are navigating with the DNS, it’s reliable. You are going to get where you want to go. And the ability to get a domain name registrant and have it activated and have it resolved and also well regulated. So, having basically a unique strong global identifier that you can use for all of the coming serves as an applications as we get more connected, more active is a tremendous benefit. I mean, it’s almost like that magical single password you can use everywhere in a world. We think that be a dream come true for a lot of internet users in a way a global unique stable identifier gives you that. And so, this is actually a new web three type of application realizing that there is a stable and secure base out there that you can link to and to get all the advantages out it and let people use those identifiers they already have. So we think this is really good news. 
Ygal Arounian: Super. A much more thoughtful answer than I expect to be honest. But very interesting in the future of all that. We appreciate your time guys. 
Jim Bidzos: Well, Ygal, just to add, I mean, the reason for that is that we don’t publicize a lot of the things that we do but for years, we’ve been working on what we call responsible integration of alternative name spaces with the DNS for the very reason that we believe that at some point the secure, well regulated underlying DNS is going to be a better basis for a global identifier for folks. And that, rather you can’t recreate 35 years of innovation building, weaving all kinds of high value applications into the DNS. This is the part of the plumbing that people don’t see that when we talk about operating and maintaining critical infrastructure that we do. So, I jumped on your question, because it’s a great opportunity to point to something we’ve been quietly working on for a while that’s I think now adding real value. 
George Kilguss: Sure. And maybe some under appreciation of the innovation in the space. So very helpful. 
Ygal Arounian: Thank you guys. 
Jim Bidzos: Great. Thanks. 
George Kilguss: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today’s question and answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to David Atchley for any additional or closing remarks. 
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Once again, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to Verisign's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this conference is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Verisign's third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About Verisign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. Verisign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by Verisign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered another solid quarter by focusing on our mission as a critical Internet infrastructure operator. In addition to delivering on our mission during the third quarter, I'm pleased with the financial results, which show the continued strength of our business model during this uncertain macroeconomic period. For the third quarter, revenues grew 5.4% year-over-year, while EPS grew 15.8% year-over-year. At the end of September, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 173.9 million domain names, up slightly from 173.8 million names at the end of 2022. During the third quarter, the domain name base decreased by 0.5 million domain names. From a new registration perspective, the third quarter ended with 9.9 million new registrations, flat with the same quarter last year. We believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2023 will be approximately 73.4% compared to 73.7% a year ago. While there are many factors that drive demand for domain names, the core value proposition for domain names remain strong, and we're seeing broad-based engagement from our registrar channel. However, even with those fundamentals intact, low demand from China remains the primary source of drag on the overall domain name base growth, excluding registrars based in China, both our domain name base and new registrations are up year-over-year through Q3. With this current trend, we now expect the change in the domain name base for full year 2023 to be between negative 0.4% and positive 0.4%. This updated range reflects continued uncertainty primarily due to the weakness we're seeing from China. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $943 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares for $220 million. At quarter end, $1.34 billion remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program. Regarding web, Today, I can posted Altanovo's IRP complaint and ICANNs answer to its website. I urge anyone interested in this issue to read it as I believe it will help you understand our current and past statements on .web. We think ICANN's answer is informative, and I'd like to read the concluding paragraph from ICANN's document. First, I just want to clarify that the reference to NDC here is a company new .co, which is Verisign's partner in the .web application. The conclusion reads as follows: "after an exhaustive first .web IRP and an extremely thorough evaluation process following that IRP, I can determine that NDC did not violate the guidebook or the auction rules. I can fully comply with its articles, bylaws and internal policies and procedures when it made that determination, and the Board's resolution is entitled to difference under the bylaws' enshrinement of the business judgment rule. Accordingly, Altanovo's IRP request should be denied. We agree with ICANN. We continue to believe that this IRP followed by Altanovo and its backers has been filed for the purpose of delay. I will also repeat our intention, which is to bring .web to market by this company that has operated .com and .net with reliability and confidence for nearly 30 years. With its newly available namespace, .web will add more choice of registrations for our global channel of thousands of registrars and there are millions of potential customers in a new generic top level domain. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George. I will return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks. George?
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the Company generated revenue of $376 million, up 5.4% from the same quarter of 2022 and delivered operating income of $254 million, an increase of 7.4% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in the third quarter totaled $122 million compared to $123 million last quarter and $120 million a year earlier. Net income totaled $188 million compared to $169 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.83 for the third quarter of 2023 compared to $1.58 for the same quarter of 2022. Operating cash flow for the third quarter of 2023 was $245 million, and free cash flow was $217 million compared with the $262 million and $255 million, respectively, in the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, totaled $650 million and $609 million, respectively, and were up from $614 million and $595 million for the same nine-month period a year ago. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2023 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.490 billion to $1.495 billion. Operating income is now expected to be between $995 million and $1 billion. Interest expense and nonoperating income net, which includes interest income estimates, is now expected to be an expense of between $25 million to $35 million. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $45 million to $55 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is now expected to be between 21% and 24%. In summary, Verisign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter of 2023 and we look forward to continuing to deliver on our mission and our objectives to finish the year. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. We strongly believe our strategic focus and disciplined management continue to serve us well, allowing us to deliver another solid quarter in which we provided secure and reliable infrastructure services, managed our business responsibly and efficiently and return value to our shareholders. While there is ongoing turbulence in the economy due to macroeconomic and geopolitical issues and there continues to be low demand from China, the fundamentals of our business remain strong. These strong business fundamentals and our focus on managing items within our control continues to deliver strong financial results, including steady growth in revenue, operating income and EPS. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird.
Rob Oliver: Jim, I'd like to start certainly noted the comments relative to China and that the rest of the business would have been up on the demand front had it not been for China. So loud and clear on that. Just curious to hear your take on the China market right now, maybe what you're hearing from your partners on the ground there as to when things might stabilize or if there's anything else going on in that market that we should be aware of. And then I had a follow-up.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks, Rob. So with respect to China, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, for the past several quarters, our domain name demand from China-based registrars has been weak as a result of several factors. They include challenging economic conditions, a more stringent regulatory environment and the impact of a weaker local currency combined with retail pricing adjustments. We believe these factors combined have driven down demand in China, which has been offset by domain and gains in other geographies. As you can see in the geographic revenue table filed in our 10-Q this afternoon, we generated $22 million or about 6% of revenue in the quarter from China-based registrars and that revenue was down about $5 million from the year ago quarter. The remaining $354 million of revenue in the quarter from registrars outside of China was up $24 million or about 7%. So we're able to drive both top line and operating income growth even as our China registrars adjust to their specific set of factors. To your specific question of when we think things will normalize for our China-based registrars, I would say two things. One, the only certainty is changed and the future developments that influence that change are not within our control. So your guess would be as good as ours. And two, I think the term perfect storm is overused, but it feels a bit like that here. I feel that the chances that change will be helpful is at least as likely as not .
Rob Oliver: Okay. Great. Jim, for that very helpful color. My follow-up was around the ICANN post on .web. And I guess, pretty clear their view, but just -- and forgive me if I should know this, but there's been so -- it's been a labor journey here on .web. And so now that, that opinion from iCANN has hit. What -- where does that leave us? And what should we expect next? Or what do you think will happen next?
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks for that question. let's say a couple of things. First of all, I mentioned that in the document, I urge everybody to read the document, I think it's really indicative of obviously what ICANNs response will be. I clarified the term NBC to be new .co, which is a company that we actually partnered with in something called the DAA, the domain acquisition agreement, and you'll see those terms used throughout. And -- so the -- what to expect next? I think the important thing here is that this is a legal proceeding that we are currently not a party to that might change. So I think what you're going to see next is they're working to form a panel and then the documents that are going to be filed became public today, and that is the IRP complaint from Altanovo and ICANN's answer. So we'll be watching those developments. We don't know anything beyond that. We urge you to read what's out there now, and I think that gives you some expectation of what the issues on the table would be when the proceedings begin.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Ygal Arounian with Citi.
Ygal Arounian: I want to dig into the pace of domain growth a little bit, and understood the pressures in China. So maybe just a few things around outside of China. You disclosed the revenue growth by geography. And maybe you could just speak a little bit to the domain growth by geography to and if you're seeing different brands. There's some pricing within the geography revenue growth as well. So -- what are you seeing overall by geography and domains? And even though it's better than what we're seeing in China, we're still kind of below historical norms, and what you think the contributing factors are there around that?
George Kilguss: Just a couple of points. I mean there's obviously a lot going on in the world today. Obviously, we have some macroeconomic factors, still high interest rates, so there's still high inflation. Obviously, there's some geopolitical factors going on there. So I think those are -- like other companies, those things are impacting our business. But as Jim mentioned, we are seeing ex-China's registrars growth from those groups, both in new registrations as well as the domain name base there. Again, I would point to, we really don't break out the domain name base for competitive purposes. But I would point you to our geographic revenue disclosure, which really gives you a sense of some of the growth. We don't -- we charge the same price. We do charge the same price across all markets. So we offer that to everybody. So I think it's a fair comparison for you to take a look at that. But the domain name base continues to be resilient. I think the value proposition of the domain name remains strong. But the declines we're seeing in China, which is a smaller geographical segment, of ours is impacting the total domain name base growth, but we're able to offset that as the other geographies have performed better.
Ygal Arounian: Got it. Okay. That's helpful there. And maybe on the cost side. Also, you guys continue to come in ahead of expectations despite the relative softness on the revenue side. So as we kind of get to the end of this year and start looking into 2024, just maybe walk us through how you're thinking about cost and investments and what's needed, what's not and how you're approaching that?
George Kilguss: Yes. We'll provide full year guidance on our next earnings call for 2024. Our expenses or the midpoint of our guidance suggests that our expenses will be lower this year, around 3%, and that's down from prior years. Keep in mind, we did have some costs come out of the business with regard to .tv migrated away from us. That was about $5 million of fees that we paid to .tv that is not picked up this year. But if you were to normalize that out, we're probably at a similar expense growth rate this year than last year. And as you recall, last year, expenses grew about 4% or so. So we'll continue to manage expenses and be responsible. As Jim said, several quarters in a row. During this time of uncertainty, we're trying to control what we can control and that means being responsible, making sure we're making the right investments and areas where we can make some efficiencies, we'll do so. But I can assure you, we're making all the necessary investments we need to execute our mission and our strategic framework to protect the Company and meet our SLAs.
Jim Bidzos: Yes. Ygal, this is Jim. George is exactly right. The term responsible expense control for us means that, first and foremost, investment in our infrastructure to provide the critical infrastructure services that we do provide is simply mandatory. We make all of those, but we manage responsibly where we can. And as George said, next round of earnings will give you full 2024 guidance.
Operator: And we will go back to Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Just squeezing in here with one more. Jim, my question is for you. You mentioned, I think, in response to my earlier question just around the macro, which you characterized some ongoing turbulence and clearly, China is a part of that. But outside of China, that I know you guys are growing outside of that generally. But just be curious to hear your take on the current macro and whether your characterization earlier was anything incremental or if it was sort of the same now as when you entered the quarter, certainly, in terms of Middle East and headlines out there feels sentiment. I think it feels like things are a bit softer, but just wanted to get a sense on what you're seeing and hearing from your partners.
Jim Bidzos: Yes. That is all of the events around the world, whether it's Ukraine or the Middle East, all of those, we believe, are impacting the economy and indirectly are part of the geopolitical issues that affect some of the macroeconomic trends and headwinds that we're seeing. And I think those are broad and you're seeing that effect for companies -- tech companies, I think, across the board. That one is tough to assess how it's going to impact us in the future. It's relatively the events, they are relatively recent. So I don't know that we have any real insight into anything we can identify at this point. I can tell you, at least from what I'm seeing publicly, I think there are certainly challenges in the Chinese market, and that's obviously the biggest impact, and that seems to be felt broadly across the tech space as well. But we monitor these things we observe them. Nothing to report right now. I appreciate your question. I just don't have any trend data or transcends even really to share at this point. Certainly, they do have some negative impact. People are more cautious, interest rates rise, all sorts of second and third order effects occur from these. And that's what we were alluding to when we talk about them. They do sort of put some pressure on the business. Interest rates, in particular -- no particular order all of the things we mentioned. And as George said, what we do then as a result is we focus on what we can control. We make absolutely certain that we're delivering our services in accordance with our contracts. That's first and foremost. And secondly, we engage frequently constantly in responsible expense control. Those are the things we can do, and our business model allows us to deliver solid quarters while we wait for better economic climate.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's second quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and 2 non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us. We delivered another successful quarter by focusing on our mission as a critical infrastructure operator. The quarter included the renewal of the .net registry agreement and solid financial results. Additionally, last week, we marked 26 years of 100% availability in the .com, .net domain name resolution system. Throughout the various global challenges over the past 26 years, from the pandemic to natural disasters to evolving cyber threats, our purpose-built network has kept billions of people worldwide continuously connected to what matters most. The work we do to operate, protect and evolve key Internet infrastructure has never been more important than it is today. Reaching this mark is a testament to the ongoing investments made in our platforms, processes and people. On June 30, we announced the renewal of the .net registry agreement with ICANN, as expected, given the presumptive right of renewal in our agreement. The business terms of the agreement such as pricing, the fees paid to ICANN, our renewal rights and the 6-year term of the agreement are unchanged. The next renewal for the .net registry agreement will be June of 2029. In addition to delivering on our mission during the second quarter, I'm pleased with the financial results which showed the continued strength of our business during this uncertain macroeconomic period. For the second quarter, revenues grew 5.7% year-over-year while EPS grew 16.2% year-over-year. At the end of June, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 174.4 million domain names, up from 174.3 million in Q2 2022 and up from 173.8 million names at the end of 2022. During the second quarter, the domain name base decreased by 0.3 million domain names, offsetting some of the 1 million names we added during the first quarter. From a new registration perspective, the second quarter delivered a 1.5% year-over-year increase with 10.2 million new registrations compared to 10.1 million last year. We believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2023 will be approximately 73.4% compared to 73.8% a year ago. While there are many factors that drive demand for domain names, the core value proposition for domain names remain strong and we're seeing broad-based engagement from our registrar channel. However, with these fundamentals intact, low demand from China remains the primary source of drag on the overall domain name base growth. With this current trend, we now expect a domain name base growth rate of between 0% and 1% for the full year of 2023. This updated range reflects continued uncertainty, especially the weakness we continue to see related to China. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $936 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1 million shares for $220 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors has increased the amount authorized for share repurchase of VeriSign common stock by $1.14 billion to a total of $1.5 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program which has no expiration. On .web, as many of you have seen from our statement on May 3, ICANN's Board of Directors dismissed Afilias' objections regarding the .web auction and directed that NDC's .web application move forward. This was a significant finding by the Board and we're pleased that our role in the auction was proved to be consistent with ICANN's policies. Subsequently, according to ICANN's website, Afilias has filed another IRP complaint, presumably challenging the Board's decision. This filing has not been posted nor has any response from ICANN. ICANN has placed NDC's .web application on hold now. Given the Board's decision, we see no basis for any further delay in delegating .web but this is an ICANN process and we're not yet involved in it. Finally, as announced in today’s earnings release, we have given notice of a price increase of $0.99 for the annual wholesale price for .net domain names which will raise the price from $9.92 to $10.91 effective February 1, 2024. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George. I'll return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks. George?
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the company generated revenue of $372 million, up 5.7% from the same quarter of 2022 and delivered operating income of $249 million, an increase of 5.4% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in the second quarter totaled $123 million compared to $123 million last quarter and $116 million a year earlier. Net income totaled $186 million compared to $167 million a year earlier which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.79 for the second quarter of 2023 compared to $1.54 for the same quarter of 2022. Operating cash flow for the second quarter of 2023 was $145 million and free cash flow was $139 million, both of which were at similar levels in the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the 6-month period ended June 30 totaled $404 million and $392 million and were up from $352 million and $339 million, respectively, for the same 6-month period a year ago. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2023 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.490 billion to $1.500 billion. This updated revenue range reflects our expectation that the domain name base growth rate will be between 0% and 1%, as Jim mentioned. Operating income is still expected to be between $990 million and $1.05 billion. Interest expense and nonoperating income net which includes interest income estimates is now expected to be an expense of between $30 million to $40 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $45 million to $55 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 22% and 25%. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter of 2023 and we look forward to continuing to deliver on our mission and our objectives throughout the year. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. We strongly believe our strategic focus and disciplined management continue to serve us well, allowing us to deliver another solid quarter in which we provided secure and reliable infrastructure services, managed our business responsibly and efficiently and return value to our shareholders. I want to thank our teams for their dedication and focus. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Jim, my first question is for you. I've got 3 questions total. But first is for you and it's on .com. I think we all can kind of see real-time some of the sluggishness in the market. And it looks like really domain activity in .com has not kind of come back to sort of prepandemic levels maybe as you guys had hoped. I know in your prepared remarks and appreciate the commentary relative to China but would just love to hear a little bit more about your view there on what's happening, whether it be China or if there are other factors? And I know Janet Yellen was just over in China, called for stimulus, sounds like there's some coming. So I just would also love to hear what you think gets us out of this rut.
Jim Bidzos: I wish I knew the answer to that but let me do my best. I'm happy to share what I can. Well, first, there's the obvious macro factors affecting the economy and extended COVID recovery declining but still high inflation rates, geopolitics and the growth rate of new business starts which while still improving, are still off their highs. As far as specific factors for our business, I don't know how to put it, Rob, there's China. It's the largest single factor and it continues to remain soft in both new registrations and renewal rates. Stringent registration rules and a challenging COVID recovery seem to be the main factors there. In the U.S., channel focus is a factor. As we've seen before, some channel partners shift their focus to ARPU rather than new customer acquisition in times of slower economic activity. That is cyclical. At some point, they -- you got to acquire new customers. And so they'll return to that. Our revised guidance recognizes the uncertainty that all these factors represent for the remainder of 2023. I'll just add and as far as things we can control, these include meeting our contractual requirements, obviously but practicing responsible expense management and focusing on our capital allocation strategy. Continuing to focus on those areas that we can control, that's the key for us to deliver long-term value creation for our shareholders. So hopes that's helpful.
Rob Oliver: Very helpful, yes. And I also appreciate that you went into some detail in your prepared remarks on .web. And I think just stepping back now; it's been a 6-, almost 7-year journey now. And I think investors are confused by the landscape and what's going on. And it's very hard to know whether this sort of resets us back to the beginning of the process with the IRP or whether this is now a next step in the process which would circumvent the need to do that. If you could help us perhaps provide a little bit more color as to how you view that currently to the extent that you can.
Jim Bidzos: Happy to do that. I keep a couple of notes here handy, just for that purpose. Let me -- well, first of all, it's easy to get confused. I completely understand that. There's a lot of -- we talk about this every quarter and there are a lot of terms that we use, acronyms like IRP and CEP that even experienced lawyers wouldn't be familiar with if they didn't operate in the ICANN world. So maybe I can simplify with a little bit of background what's happened. Maybe even define some of these terms. So first, when we talk about an IRP, independent review panel, that's a lawsuit, not in court but more like an arbitration demand that someone can bring against ICANN. However, the only claims allowed are those based on a violation by ICANN of its bylaws. A CEP, you've heard us use that, or cooperative engagement process, is a discussion between a potential IRP filer and ICANN ahead of an IRP. And all actions associated with the issue behind the IRP are automatically put on hold during the CEP and that's kind of what we've been in for the last few weeks. You've also heard another acronym, NDC, that's -- that stands for Nu Dot Co and that's a company that VeriSign entered into an agreement with about .web. So let me try to simplify just how we got here. I don't want to speculate about what's going to happen going forward, not just because it's pending litigation but much of it is ICANN process that's not ours. But let me just give you a really brief history now that some of the terms are easier to understand with .web. So in 2016, there was an auction for .web. NDC won that auction with our backing. In 2018, a company called Afilias, the plaintiff, filed an IRP seeking to have the IRP panel disqualify NDC and to award .web to them because Afilias objected to the auction and to our, VeriSign's, participation with NDC. A few years later in 2021 after a lengthy legally maneuverings, the IRP panel said, no. The panel said, ICANN owns the issue and the panel tells ICANN to go review and decide the issue. But Afilias doesn't like that answer and files a follow-up motion asking the panel essentially for a do-over. And the panel once again tells Afilias, no. But this time, they call Afilias' request frivolous and they sanction Afilias, ordering Afilias to pay ICANN's attorney fees. During 2022 and early '23, ICANN then follow the panel's recommendation. They undertook a thorough 16-month review process. In early May of this year, ICANN announced that it had completed its review and had concluded, by a Board vote that was without objection, that Afilias' accusations were wrong and that the Board -- and then the Board directed ICANN's staff to proceed with processing NDC's .web application. Afilias then filed the CEP which then automatically paused the processing of .web. So now Afilias has filed another IRP, that's true. But this time, there's something new and substantial. There's the definitive and affirmative ruling from the ICANN Board of Directors, again, without objection, a vote that .web should be awarded to NDC, a vote resulting from a 16-month process that included work by ICANN's staff who reviewed new submissions by VeriSign and Afilias, working with their law firms, who were allowed to use and even supplement the entire legal record from the earlier 2-year IRP, a vote that resulted in a finding that .web should be awarded to NDC. So that's new and that's not trivial. We believe that Afilias has been and is still litigating for delay. Now in terms of next steps, we'll have to see whether ICANN continues with the hold on .web, the .web delegation or not during the IRP. ICANN could continue processing the .web PLD during the IRP, although that decision could be challenged. We don't believe there should be any further delay but this is ICANN's process and we will continue to work within that system. So what happens next? I don't want to comment on, as I said, it's pending litigation but I hope that bit of background and history was helpful.
Rob Oliver: Yes, it's really helpful. I appreciate that summary, Jim and I'm glad it's on the transcript because I know for one, I'm going to need to look back at that, although I've looked at a lot of it.
Jim Bidzos: Yes, there's a lot there but -- yes.
Rob Oliver: Yes, really. You even have me will through a lot of it. I really appreciate it. I know -- and I'm not the only one anymore, so I'll squeeze in one last question and that is just on .net. I just wanted to ask, so it's second year in a row where you guys are availing yourself of the opportunity to raise price on .net. And that's coming off for a long period where you did not. What's changed for you guys relative to your view to take price now on .net? What, if anything, in terms of your mindset, mentality has changed there and -- relative to .net pricing?
George Kilguss: Yes. Thanks, Rob. This is George. I mean if you look back at .net, I mean, we had not taken a price increase for quite a period of time. I think the last price increase we took was in 2018. And obviously, we announced and just took one here in February to $9.92. So as we think about .net, we'll look at the industry, we'll look at where it's positioned within the marketplace and we think the price that we're raising it to that we just announced is keeping .net competitive with the other TLDs within the -- which it competes with.
Operator: We will take our last question from the line of Ygal Arounian with Citigroup.
Ygal Arounian: I want to come back to the overall growth in domains. Two parts on that. First, I wanted dig to into the comment about China being the kind of biggest piece of this and China is a much smaller part of your overall revenue base. So I just want to understand like how it's driving that impact. So are you saying that domain growth in the U.S. is relatively healthy? Is there any color you can give to what the growth in the U.S. and other regions might be? So what ex-China looks like? And then, the comment on the channel focus and the channel focusing on ARPU versus net adds, that was really interesting. Can you help -- can you just elaborate on that point a little bit? Like how responsible are the channel partners for driving the growth? Is it their marketing and the push for domain registration? Like what is their role and how much of an impact can they have in spurring up demand?
George Kilguss: Yes. Sure, Ygal. This is George. So your first question was from kind of a domain name base perspective. We have seen growth here in Q2. I would say the regions that we report out on the U.S., EMEA and our all other segments from a year-over-year domain name base have all been growing. But China, we've seen that domain name base segment decline. I think if you want to get some relative terms, you probably can look in our 10-Q that's filed this afternoon and look at the revenue growth rates of those segments. You'll see that China in the quarter was down about 10%, EMEA was up about 1% and the U.S. was up about 7% and all of the category was up about 15% and that really comprised -- the weighted average of that comprised 5.7%. So we're still seeing growth. As far as new units, I would say China, again, is down. The U.S. was relatively flat here in the second quarter from a new unit perspective. But the other markets that we report on were up. So still seeing some growth here in the market but China has really been, as Jim mentioned, a drag on new unit growth here and a little bit on revenue growth as well.
Jim Bidzos: Yes, Ygal, Jim. Your question about ARPU, let me just say one thing upfront, you can clarify the question after this, if you want but I just want to say that we -- I think you know but we have sort of limited visibility into the end user, obviously, sell only through registrars. So I think the point is, is that ARPU is a sort of phenomenon. It's typical of any business. In certain economic conditions, it becomes more efficient for them to focus on ARPU rather than customer acquisition as the cost of those activities vary and the results are different and more advantageous in certain economic conditions. So the observation is based on a phenomenon that affects our channel just like everybody else, not on anything that's particularly unique that we see or understand about it. And we can just observe this behavior, obviously, through our own registrations and monitoring their websites and looking at how they bundle their products. But this is something that every business does, not unique to registries, registrars or the DNS, just to clarify. So there's a limit to what -- I mean there's not a great insight there that -- it's just an observation, a factual observation based on what we see and observe. And it tends to be cyclical. We see that, obviously, they go through cycles, you focus on ARPU for a while and then you go back into new customer acquisition. So we see that -- I think it was in 2014, we had a very visible cycle of this that we went through.
Ygal Arounian: Okay. I'm asking because I think it was really interesting comment and just kind of tie from what we've seen from those channel partners like some of the key levers you've talked about, marketing efficiencies and to pull back materially on the marketing spend. And then we also saw some consolidation within the space on the [indiscernible]. So I'm not sure if what you think about that, if that has an impact to it, likely tying it to the marketing expenses.
Jim Bidzos: I had some difficulty hearing the last part of that. Marketing spend certainly is another factor in various economic circumstances. Obviously, any retailers are going to vary their marketing spend and that has an effect on us. And obviously, during the pandemic and recently, we've seen some of that behavior that affected registrations as well. If I missed anything in the last part of your question, I apologize, please ask again. The line is a bit fuzzy.
Ygal Arounian: No, that's it. I think you've got the question. It's really helpful and really interesting. I mean I haven't thought about it that way, so interesting to hear.
Jim Bidzos: Okay, great. I was glad it was helpful.
David Atchley: Great. Thanks, Ygal.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's first quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; and Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and 2 non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter of operational and financial performance for VeriSign. We delivered these results while continuing to strengthen our critical internet infrastructure and complying with the high operational standards required by our ICANN agreements. For the first quarter, revenues grew 5.1% year-over-year, while EPS grew 19% year-over-year. At the end of March, the domain name base .com and .net totaled 174.8 million domain names with a year-over-year growth rate of 0.1%. During the first quarter, the domain name base increased by just over 1 million domain names. From a new registration perspective, the first quarter delivered a modest year-over-year increase with 10.3 million new registrations compared to 10.2 million last year and 9.7 million last quarter. Our renewal rates remain stable. We believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2023 will be approximately 75.6% compared to the 73.3% final renewal rate last quarter and 75.9% a year ago. Having seen modest improvement in the registration trend during Q1, we now expect a domain name base growth rate of between 0.5% and 2.25% for the full year of 2023. This updated range reflects the current macroeconomic uncertainty and recent trends in our business. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $1.015 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Share repurchases during the first quarter totaled $220 million for 1.1 million shares. At quarter end, $639 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program which has no expiration. As many of you are aware, we are in the process of renewing the .net registry agreement with ICANN as the current term ends on June 30. Consistent with ICANN's usual process on April 13, ICANN posted the new .net registry agreement for public comment which is open until May 25. The business terms of the agreement, such as pricing, the fees paid to ICANN, our renewal rights and the 6-year term of the agreement are all unchanged. Regarding .web. On Monday, ICANNs website published a notice of a scheduled Board of Directors meeting to take place this Sunday. One of the Board's agenda items is to further consider the .web IRP final declaration. ICANN then publish the minutes from 2 BAMC meetings, 1 held on January 31 which discussed the BAMC's consideration of certain recommendations related to web. And also the minutes from a meeting on March 2 which state that the BAMC approved recommendations related to .web and requested that those recommendations be sent to the Board. We believe that this new information published this week means progress towards a final resolution is being made but beyond what was posted, we have no updates. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George. I will return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the company generated revenue of $364 million, up 5.1% from the same quarter of 2022 and delivered operating income of $241 million, an increase of 7.3% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in Q1 totaled $123 million compared to $122 million a year earlier. Net income for the first quarter totaled $179 million compared to $158 million a year earlier which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.70 for Q1 2023 compared to $1.43 for the same quarter of 2022. Operating cash flow for the first quarter of 2023 was $259 million and free cash flow was $253 million compared with $207 million and $200 million, respectively, for the first quarter of 2022. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2023 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.490 billion to $1.505 billion. This updated revenue range reflects our expectation that the domain name base growth rate will be between 0.5% and 2.25% as Jim mentioned earlier. Operating income is now expected to be between $990 million and $1.05 billion. Interest expense and nonoperating income net which includes interest income estimates is still expected to be an expense of between $35 million to $45 million. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $35 million to $45 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 22% and 25%. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the first quarter of 2023 and we look forward to continuing to deliver on our mission as well as our objectives throughout the year. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. We strongly believe our strategic focus and disciplined management continue to serve us well, allowing us to deliver another solid quarter in which we provided secure and reliable infrastructure services, manage our business responsibly and efficiently and return value to our shareholders. I want to thank our teams for their dedication and focus. While there is some continuing turbulence in the economy due to macroeconomic and geopolitical issues, we see signs of stability and modest growth in our business. We're also pleased that there is progress on the resolution of .web. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Jim, a lot on the call here. So I guess just to kind of level set at the outset, maybe you can give us a sense of kind of what you thought were kind of the biggest takeaways here for you guys? And then I had a few other questions.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks, Rob. I know this may sound simple like I'm trivializing but what we do is anything but trivial. By the way, a wise man from Omaha said that just because something is simple doesn't mean it's easy to do and to do it consistently and over a sustained period of time is even more difficult. So I mentioned in my remarks that what we accomplished in the quarter as we reliably and securely operated our infrastructure. We added another 3 months to a 25-year uptime record. That's really significant. We responsibly and efficiently run our business. That's always important. That's how we take care of our people. That's how we control expenses. That's how we focus on things that we can control. And number three, we return value to our shareholders. We certainly have obligations there. So this is what our customers want. They want reliable and secure operation of our infrastructure, of course, they want it to work. It needs to work. This is what our governing bodies, ICANN and the U.S. government want the contracts and the SLAs and the performance requirements make that clear. And we believe that this is what our shareholders want. So I guess that's what I mean when I say that this was a solid quarter for us. That's what we -- that's consistently what we strive for every quarter. And I would say that -- so those are the takeaways. I would just add that the fundamental drivers of our business are Internet adoption and reliance and that fundamental long-term trend line is strong. So another solid quarter.
Rob Oliver: Okay. There's been so much -- and .web has been so long since we've had news. So I guess just trying to read into here what you told us about this meeting this coming Sunday. It sounds to me like that could be an indication that there's some decision would be rendered imminently here. Just curious to know if that's the way you think about it.
Jim Bidzos: Well, you're right, Rob. It has been a long time and we have always declined to speculate on ICANNs process. It is ICANNS process. So I won't speculate as to what the more may do. We're certainly pleased that there's been progress. This information about the meetings is good to see. I can add one thing which is that when the ICANN Board, when it does pass resolutions and board meetings, ICANN typically publishes them on their website within 2 days. So if there are resolutions that come out of the Sunday meeting, they should be public by Tuesday.
Rob Oliver: Okay, really helpful. If I could squeeze in 1 one. I appreciate it. I know I'm not the only one anymore, so I want to be conscious of that which is great. Just around the macro -- I mean, you guys did tweak down the high end of the range a little bit. At the same time, Jim, you talked a little bit about the stability and kind of steady improvements, my language, not yours necessarily in the business. Can you talk about -- I think we've seen 13 the last 14 weeks or something with sequential improvement in domains. Can you talk about what you're seeing in the macro and specifically around how China reopening impacted you guys? And anything else relative to geographies that you would call out here?
Jim Bidzos: Well, I don't know that I can point to any specifics that would give any indication. I can tell you that our general view is, first of all, the worst of COVID is certainly mostly behind us. And the long-term effects, the recovery, there's certainly still some turbulence associated with that recovery supply chain issues, etcetera. There's certainly some economic turbulence interest rates were up. They're down a little. They're up again. Employment data is good, not so good. It's good. So that's the kind of turbulence we're referring to. That long term -- that long trend line is a strong one that we watch. But we are seeing what I would call some stability in our business. The fundamental value of the services that we provide, the utility of domain names is unchanged. And so I think we're just sort of going through that turbulence and it's affecting us. But we have seen an improvement and we're happy with the quarter.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Ygal Arounian with Citi.
Ygal Arounian: Appreciate Rob saving some questions from me. Maybe I'll just start on just a follow-up on the macro and the domains. You guys gave the full year guide and you're raising the low end, you're lowering the high end. Can you just talk about how you -- how 1Q came in versus where your expectations were? Are trends stronger to start the year than you thought? And what are -- what needs to happen to get to the high end of the range versus the low end of the range in terms of demand registrations as we work our way through the year?
George Kilguss: Ygal, it's George. Sorry, a little echo there. But in any event, as Jim mentioned, we had modest gains here in Q1 with the domain name base growing about 1 million names here in the first quarter. When we look around our various regions. We did see the domain name base grow and pretty much all of our major regions with the exception of our China registrars, that segment was lower year-over-year. And when we look at our new units, we also saw some modest gains in new registrations, as Jim mentioned, year-over-year. The U.S. was a little bit tepid or flat here in Q1 relative to the prior year ago quarter. We did see some improvements in EMEA and the rest of the world, again, excluding China. China's new registrations were also lower year-over-year. And so as Rob alluded to, as you're acquiring, as far as China and the reopening, I would just say it's a little early days for us. We haven't yet seen any meaningful impact there but we are keeping an eye out for it. And I think to the extent that, that reopening happens sooner than later. That clearly can help us get to the higher end of our domain name base range.
Ygal Arounian: So I was just going to follow up on the renewal rates which had a nice bump from 4Q and really the past couple of quarters so 1Q is there. Is that more typical seasonality in 1Q? Or are you seeing that kind of trend line improve from here in the past few quarters?
George Kilguss: Yes. So as you point out, renewal rates were relatively stable year-over-year, 75.6% versus the 75.9% in the first quarter. We did see an improvement from Q4. I'd said -- I say when you look at renewal rates in a big picture, our domestic renewal rates are relatively stable and where we see fluctuations is more in the international markets. And when we look a little deeper there, it's more in the first time renewal rates there with international markets. And so we've seen the improvement here sequentially year-over-year. And I think renewal rates are pretty stable right now where we see them.
Ygal Arounian: Got it. A, on the .web, I just want to see if you guys can expand on so I can't post this agreement for public comments until May 25, all the factors of the contracts are the same, nothing's really changing. What is the process from here to renewal? What is the public comment piece? What are things that might change or stand in the way? Or do you kind of expect it to just kind of work through pretty seamlessly?
Jim Bidzos: Well, typically, in this process, comments will be collected and ICANN will address the comments in response. So I think until we see that, I can't really totally answer your question. But the process of engaging with ICANN and coming up with a contract that was proposed negotiated and the proposed and put out for comment with its consistent features, as you point out. That part is done. And of course, the comment as you mentioned. So until it's done and the comments are assessed and reported on by ICANN, then the next step concludes.
Ygal Arounian: Okay. And then I'll ask one more and then ask someone so I'll let him -- I'll take some for him, too. So on the .web, hopefully one step closer here, can you help us understand what happens, let's say, let's just assume that it goes through and it's all said and done. What are the steps from there? What happens? How long does it take for -- to become meaningful or for .web registration to start opening up? Maybe just help us -- help them just think about the time line for what happens if we just assume that this part of the process finishes.
Jim Bidzos: Sure. I can give you some information that I think will be helpful to your question. One is that there are -- first of all, there is nothing in our 2023 guidance that we provided that includes any revenue or expense for .web. And I think I don't want to speculate about what's going to happen at the Board meeting Sunday and I certainly don't want to speculate beyond that. But there are processes that are required to be followed. There are a number of things that have to be done. There are a number of security periods where certain things have to be done and then there are some other trademark holder protection periods where they're exclusively allowed to come in and acquire their protected domain name. So there's certainly a number of cycles that are all roughly collectively, it's some number of months. But I think at this point, whenever anything happens, if it does, that there will be no change in what I just said about the revenue or expense in 2023.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley : Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign: adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos : Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter of operational and financial performance for VeriSign. Throughout 2022, we delivered strong financial results while continuing to strengthen our critical Internet infrastructure. We complied with the high operational standards required by our ICANN agreements and extended our record of .com and .net DNS availability to over 25 years. I'd like to thank our team for their dedicated efforts, which enabled us to realize these results. The critical infrastructure we operate provides to the domain name system navigation service which people around the world depend on for commerce, work from home, education, healthcare and much more. During 2022, we acknowledged the uncertainty that macroeconomic and other challenges beyond our ability to influence presented and we said that we would focus on what was within our ability to control. We also indicated what that meant. First, reliably maintaining operating and investing in our critical Internet infrastructure. Next, exercising careful expense control where appropriate. And additionally, it meant keeping focused on long-term value creation and efficient return of capital. During 2022, revenue grew 7.3% year-over-year and operating income by 8.8% year-over-year. Additionally, shares outstanding at the end of 2022 decreased by 4.8% from those outstanding at the end of 2021. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $980 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the year. During the full year of 2022, we repurchased 5.5 million shares for $1 billion. At year-end, $859 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. At the end of 2022, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 173.8 million domain names with a year-over-year growth rate of 0.2%. In the fourth quarter, there were 9.7 million new registrations compared to 9.9 million last quarter and 10.6 million in the year ago quarter. While there are many factors that drive demand for domain names, we saw lower new registrations during 2022 as a result of factors that I've already mentioned in prior calls. These include pandemic-driven acceleration of new registrations in 2020 and 2021 which has subsided, global macroeconomic headwinds, reduced new registrations from China and lower first-time renewal rates. We believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2022 will be approximately 73.2% compared to the 73.7% final renewal rate last quarter and 74.8% a year ago. For the full year 2022, the renewal rate for previously renewed names remained similar year-over-year. However, first-time renewal rates were lower year-over-year with the largest single driver being names renewing from China, which were registered during 2021. Looking to 2023, our expected 2023 domain name base growth rate is between 0% and 2.5%. This guidance reflects our knowledge about our domain name base, our channel and the broader macroeconomic backdrop. As announced in today's earnings release, we have given notice of a price increase of $0.62 to the annual wholesale price for .com domain names, which raises the price from $8.97 to $9.59, effective September 1, 2023. Even after this increase, we believe .com will remain highly competitive with other TLD choices. As a reminder, any of our domains may be registered for terms of up to 10 years at the current price. While we do not guide to pricing changes, I can say, as I did last year, that under the limited pricing flexibility we have the wholesale price of a .com registration cannot exceed $10.26 until at least October of 2026. Turning to web. The parties made their submissions to ICANN during Q3 and we are still waiting for ICANN to complete its process.  And now I'd like to turn the call over to George. I will return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks.
George Kilguss : Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the company generated revenue of $1.425 billion, up 7.3% and delivered operating income of $943 million, up 8.8% from 2021. Operating expense totaled $482 million and was up 4.6% from the prior year compared to a similar 4.5% increase experienced in fiscal 2021. The full year 2022 operating margin was 66.2% and free cash flow was $804 million. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the company generated revenue of $369 million, up 8.5% from the same quarter of 2021 and delivered operating income of $245 million, up 10.5% from the same quarter a year ago. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we executed a transition of the .tv agreement to a new registry operator. As the proposed contract terms in the new .tv request for proposal, no longer aligned with our strategic framework, we decided not to participate in the RFP. Revenue related to this agreement during the full year of 2022 was approximately $19 million, of which approximately $10 million was recorded in the fourth quarter. Operating expense in Q4 totaled $124 million compared to $118 million a year earlier. Net income in the fourth quarter totaled $179 million compared to $330 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.70 for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $2.97 for the same quarter of 2021. As a reminder, net income for the fourth quarter of 2021 included the recognition of a deferred income tax benefit related to the transfer of certain non-U.S. intellectual properties between wholly-owned subsidiaries which increased net income by $165.5 million and increased diluted earnings per share by $1.49. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2022 was $217 million, and free cash flow was $209 million compared with $206 million and $193 million, respectively, for the fourth quarter of 2021. I will now discuss our full year 2023 guidance. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.485 billion to $1.505 billion. This revenue range reflects our expectation that the domain name base will grow at a rate between 0% and 2.5% as Jim mentioned and is also impacted by the transition of the .tv agreement at the end of 2022. Operating income is expected to be between $985 million and $1.05 billion. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates, is expected to be an expense of between $35 million to $45 million. Capital expenditures in 2023 are also expected to be in a range between $35 million to $45 million. The GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be between 22% and 25%.  In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the fourth quarter and the full year of 2022, and we look forward to continuing our focused execution in 2023. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos : Thank you, George. We believe our strategic focus and disciplined management served us well during 2022, allowing us to deliver solid financial results in a challenging environment as the economy struggled to recover from disruption caused by the pandemic. VeriSign's mission is about security and stability, not only in the operation of our critical infrastructure, but financial stability is also important for our customers, employees and shareholders. Today, we reported profitable revenue growth for 2022, and we guided to profitable revenue growth for 2023. This was possible through modest domain name base growth, limited pricing flexibility and responsible expense management. We believe that the long-term fundamentals of our business remain strong. As I said earlier, our strategy prioritizes reliable, uninterrupted operation of our critical infrastructure, along with long-term value creation and its efficient return to shareholders with consistent, efficient management. We believe this strategy will serve all of our constituents well for the long term, and you can expect us to maintain this focus. Thanks for your attention today.  This concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird.
Rob Oliver : Appreciate the opportunity to ask a question. First one for me is, just around the macro, obviously, second half of last year you guys really focused on kind of what you can control operationally, a lot of moving parts in the macro. And I think that, that approach really served you well. Looking out here into '23, also obviously, tremendous amount of moving parts, layoffs, macro uncertainty; on the other hand, China reopening. So just curious if you could add a few finer points to your thoughts relative to the outlook, having seen many cycles as well as to the domain guide that you guys offered of the 0% to 2.5%? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Jim Bidzos : Okay. Thanks for that question. Well, first, for 2022, looking back on that year, as soon as we recognize that the pandemic-driven growth was subsiding, we began planning for what I'd called responsible expense control, meaning that, first and foremost, we make all necessary investments in our infrastructure and then look everywhere for efficiencies. As far as layoffs, we did not, as many companies did accelerate hiring during the pandemic-driven growth period. And I would also point out that the average employee tenure at VeriSign is over nine years. So we're fortunate to have a loyal experienced and stable employee base. I should also point out, we also try to take advantage of opportunities to return value to shareholders with more effect as we did in 2022, retiring nearly 5% of our shares outstanding. These are all the parts of our business that we can control. So that's where we focused in '22. Looking forward, we're hearing what you're hearing. Many economists and CEOs talking about 2023 say that the macroeconomic and geopolitical factors suggest some continued uncertainty. I suppose it should be no surprise that the recovery from the pandemic and with all the global impact in '20 and 2021 is going to take more than one year to fully recover. So it seems prudent to factor that uncertainty into our guidance for 2023, which we did. And as far as strategy, what you can expect from us in 2023 is a continuation of our 2022 strategy. It's actually not that different from what we try to do every year.
Rob Oliver : Okay. Great. Thanks, Jim. And a bit on the road marketing for the last couple of weeks and particularly in the news now is ChatGPT. And I just wanted to get your thoughts relative to that. It's obviously very early, and we're in the high stage around this new technology now. And we've seen -- I've seen with you guys many times over the years where there have been calls for the demise of the domain. But I just wanted to get your preliminary thoughts relative to ChatGPT and potential risks, it seems to direct people towards information rather than directing them towards websites at least at the outset and just wanted to get your thoughts?
Jim Bidzos : Okay. Well, that's an interesting question. Well, first of all, I'll say this. I mean, right now, ChatGPT looks like a very interesting and potentially beneficial thing for us. We are actually looking at it quite closely. We have a product called NameStudio, which we use in some of our channel users to help them when they go to register a domain name, if it's already taken by somebody else, which happens. ChatGPT and NameStudio will actually help you find a similar and equally good or maybe even better name and we're looking closely at the ChatGPT to see about using its capabilities to enhance what NameStudio does. So I see it as actually a benefit to those efforts. I would say, ChatGPT similar. I mean, I guess, at one point, a lot of people said, "Well, voice assistants are going to replace the DNS" I just -- that one had me shaking my head. Voice assistants go out and collect data and report it to you. And the data that they collect is found by searching the Internet for the relevant data that they seek. And that's navigated using the DNS. So they're completely complementary.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Ygal Arounian with Citi.
Ygal Arounian: Maybe just starting on China. You just mentioned it before a little bit. But given the reopening there and some of the factors, think about some of the puts and takes that are kind of driving -- moving the needle there or impacting your expectations for next year?
Jim Bidzos : Well, I guess just -- well, first of all, just understanding. Oh, I'm getting an echo there. Do you hear that?
David Atchley : I do. Yes.
Jim Bidzos : I don't know if the audience is hearing my echo. I'm hearing it. Seems to be gone now.
Operator: Okay. Yes. Please proceed. I just muted the participant's line while you're responding. That's all.
Jim Bidzos : Okay. All right. Maybe there was some feedback there. So in 2022, we did see a lot of China names that were registered in 2021, renewing with lower first-time renewal rates. That was a factor in 2022. And also, China, as you know, has treated the pandemic differently. It's somewhat unique in that sense. And those are the factors that contributed to lockdowns, which are ongoing. There's zero COVID policy increased regulation, economic uncertainty, the proportion of names renewing from China that's higher. We mentioned last year that we did see some signs of returning. I think my comments about the -- what -- if there's any consensus about 2023, I think it's that uncertainty still exists and that the recovery is maybe a little bit slower than people thought. So we're sort of just factoring that in. China is certainly part of it. But things are changing in China. I think it's too early to say exactly what that impact will be. But certainly, the economy seems to be moving in a different direction there with some of the COVID restrictions lifting. Maybe after a quarter next quarter, we'll be able to tell you more about what that's doing to the 2023 outlook. And obviously, we'll update our guidance if we see something meaningful that we consider worthy of reporting and representing a trend. At this point, I think it's just too early to say.
Ygal Arounian: Okay. Hopefully, not on mute any part, but one more -- can you guys hear me?
David Atchley : Yes, we're hearing you. 
Jim Bidzos: You're not on mute. Go ahead.
Ygal Arounian: Okay. So one -- a couple of questions we get on domains. One is, I know the environment was different in the early part of the pandemic. But I get the question on counter cyclicality. We're seeing a lot of layoffs in the tech world right now. And often that can lead to kind of new business formation, people starting projects. Are there any indications of that are you seeing that? Is that factored into your guidance at all? And then the other thing people kind of ask us about regularly is how we think about normalized domain growth going forward, right? We've got some macro headwinds here, but prior to the pandemic, domains were growing at about 4%, plus 5% or let's just call it 4%, growing about 4%. We've been well below that now for duration this year. Our guidance is well below that for next year. How do you guys think about a normalized growth rate for domain? Return back to the levels of pre-COVID? Or are there other factors to think about?
Jim Bidzos : Well, let's see. I think there's a couple of questions in there. But I guess, first of all, we -- to answer directly part of your question, we have not tried to assess and factor in the impact of layoffs the new business starts might have, although that is a data point that we do track. I think you can map new business starts going back to 2020 with a fairly good sized jump then. And some elevated activity in 2021, and then you see it declining in 2022. So that does tend to correlate a bit to the domain name activity and registration activity that we saw what.  That's going to mean for the future? I'm not sure it's not a planned part of our guidance for 2023. I will just say, and I'll invite George to comment as well. But we think that the fundamentals of our business and the long-term prospects for the business are fundamentally strong. Domain names are established, have tremendous utility and tremendous value and registrations. We think long-term, it's a great business to be in. We think it will return to pre-pandemic levels. But 2023 is a tricky year to predict. So we haven't gone as far as predicting a return at that point. So I do think, one of the overriding sort of macro factors and all of this is just a complicated longer recovery from COVID than people thought. I think it's pretty clear that we're seeing that some of the ups and downs and the bumps that we're encountering. George, do you want to add anything to that?
George Kilguss : The only thing I'd add, Ygal, is that when you look at our business and what we've previously indicated, we look at factors such as Internet adoption, Internet penetration and the growth of e-commerce influencing our business. And I think if you look back during 2020 and 2021, clearly, we saw a lot of those statistics increase significantly. And while they've come down, there's still, I think, a longer growing trend that I think bodes well for domain names.
Jim Bidzos : Yes. And I would just add one statistic, one trend is that even the names that we registered in 2020 and 2021 exclusive of some of the China names that are now renewing for the second time or even the third time, are renewing at the traditional previously renewed rate, which is in the mid-80s. So I think that's a good indicator about the long-term strength of the business.
Ygal Arounian: Great. That's helpful, and I agree on the trends on e-commerce and all that. Last question. The operating margins, if I'm looking at it correctly, since have come in quite better than where the guidance applied for 4Q. Can you just talk about what is driving that and how that fits into the expense control that we're talking about? Or is it a separate thing?
George Kilguss : Yes. Thanks, Ygal. I think a couple of things. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did during the year, it was actually late in the fourth quarter, transition out of .tv management at TLD and in doing so, we -- as we completed all our obligations there, we did recognize about $8.4 million of deferred revenue in the fourth quarter. Again, total revenue for that contract in 2021 was about $19 million. But as Jim mentioned, we -- in the beginning, I would say, in the second quarter, we started looking pretty closely at our expenses and did more responsible management of those expenses, and we were able to get those expenses down. Overall, our expenses grew by about 4.6% this year which is similar to last year. As far as the fourth quarter, we did do a little bit of seasonal marketing more than we had done in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter. And so, some of the increase there sequentially was a result of some of those marketing activities.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley.
David Atchley : Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation, and have an excellent day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to VeriSign’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted, unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign’s third quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today’s call and the matters we will be discussing today, include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us. Last quarter we acknowledged the uncertainty that macroeconomic and other challenges presented and we said that we would focus on what was within our ability to control. We also indicated what that meant. First, maintaining, operating and investing in our critical infrastructure, next exercising careful expense control where appropriate. Additionally, it meant keeping our capital allocation activities focused on building and efficiently returning long-term shareholder value. During the third quarter, we extended our record of uninterrupted DNS availability for .com and .net to over 25 years. Also, during the third quarter, we grew our revenues by 6.8% year-over-year, and our EPS by 12.9% year-over-year. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $980 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $275 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors has increased the amount authorized for share repurchase of VeriSign common stock by approximately 803 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program, which has no expiration. At the end of September the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 174.2 million domain names with a year-over-year growth rate of 1.2%. In the third quarter, there were 9.9 million new registrations compared to 10.1 million last quarter and 10.7 million in the year ago quarter. And while there are many factors that drive demand for domain names, we have seen lower new registrations in the first three quarters of this year as a result of factors that I have already mentioned in prior calls. These include a pandemic driven acceleration of new registrations in 2020 and 2021, which have subsided, recent global macroeconomic headwinds and reduced new registrations from China. We believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2022 will be approximately 73.8%, same as the 73.8% final renewal rate last quarter, which compares to 75% a year ago. The renewal rate for previously renewed names has remained similar year-over-year, and the first time renewal rates while similar to last quarter are lower year-over-year, predominantly due to a greater proportion of names renewing from China that were registered last year. We do see some signs that new registrations while still slow, continue to stabilize towards pre-pandemic levels. That said, current global economic and geopolitical conditions continue to introduce uncertainty through the remainder of 2022. Because of this macro uncertainty, we are adjusting our 2022 domain name based guidance and now expect a domain name based growth rate of between 0.25% and 1%. Turning to .web, the parties made their submissions to ICANN during Q3 and we are now waiting for ICANN to complete its process. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George. I'll return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. For the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the company generated revenue of $357 million, up 6.8% and delivered operating income of $237 million, up 7% from the same quarter a year ago. For the first nine months of 2022, revenue is up 6.9% and operating income is up 8.2% as compared with the first nine months of 2021. Operating expense totaled $120 million compared to $113 million a year earlier. For the first nine months of 2022, operating expenses are up 4.5% as compared to the first nine months of 2021. We continue to remain focused on optimizing our expenses and driving long-term profitable growth. Net income totaled $169 million compared to $157 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.58 for the third quarter of 2022 compared to $1.40 for the same quarter of 2021. For the first nine months of 2022, net income is up 8.7% as compared to the first nine months of 2021. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was $262 million, and free cash flow was $255 million compared with $260 million and $245 million respectively for the third quarter of 2021. As with Q3 last year, cash flow this quarter benefited from an increase in deferred revenue, which was primarily related to early domain name renewal activity before the .com price increase on September 1, 2022. The main impact of these early renewals is the pulling forward of cash flow from future quarters into the third quarter this year. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2022 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.418 billion to $1.426 billion. This updated revenue range guidance reflects our domain name based growth rate expectation of between 0.25% and 1% as Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin is now expected to be between 65.75% and 66.25%. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates is now expected to be an expense of between $60 million to $65 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $30 million to $35 million. The GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 22% and 25%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2022 to also be within the same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter, and we look forward to continuing our focused execution in 2022. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thanks, George. As we said last quarter, while the global macroeconomic outlook remains complicated by geopolitics, inflation, and risk of recession, we can and we did focus on what is within our control, managing our business efficiently with the unconditional prioritization of delivering on our mission. This focus on what we can manage will continue to serve all of our constituents well for the long-term, those being our customers, relying parties, employees, and shareholders, you can expect that focus to continue. We're confident that the long-term fundamentals of our business remain strong. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'll open the call to your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will go to Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Good afternoon, guys. Jim, thanks for the color, yet I appreciate this is the second quarter in a row where you really kind of laid out the focus on kind of the things that are within your control versus the things that are now within your control. And I'm just curious as you look at those things, if there's been any change since last quarter and if you could remind us of what some of those things in particular are as you see them?
James Bidzos: Thanks for the question Rob. Yes, I guess, this is a quarter -- focusing on last quarter, what we did, the things, I think they're fairly simple, but a wise man once said that just because something is simple, doesn't mean it's easy to do. But what we did first and foremost is sort of common sense and obvious, focusing on what you can control. To us, it means not dwelling on these factors that we can't control beyond the need to do proper planning. Second is getting it right, meaning that managing expenses has to be done while continuing to make all the necessary investments in our infrastructure to keep up with an evolving cyber threat environment. And I think the third category is sort of being, about being alert for opportunities to more effectively return value to our shareholders. Now, those are the things we focused on and we're going to continue to focus on. I should add that, in addition to that, I think you have to say that the domain names have an enduring value to users, and that's certainly a contribution to the fundamental strength of this business. It's what gives us confidence in the long-term fundamentals and the value of the business. And another thing we do, I mean, obviously this is a quarterly focus, we report every quarter, but we also at the same time have to keep our eye on the long-term. So we ask ourselves questions like, look when this, I've called it a bump in a road, everything that we're going through right now, COVID and all the other challenges, and it's certainly a longer bump than anybody would like. But we ask ourselves questions like years from now when we look back at getting through this, what will we wish we had done in order to improve the long-term health and fundamentals of our business and I think that helps guide us through these, these things as well. So hopefully that helps a little bit.
Rob Oliver: Great, that's helpful. You did make a comment Jim, about some stabilization in the domain base. You know, we've seen some of that in the numbers. You also talked about China. I just wanted to make sure I understood. Was that a general comment relative to domains or was that a China specific comment? And then, I'm just going to ask about geographies that I can ask Todd that one as well, but just curious about that stabilization comment.
James Bidzos: Well, let's see. I think it was a general comment that I made. First of all, in general, we did indicate at the last quarterly report that we provided that we saw some indication of trends toward normalization and we did see some of that. We see it again. I think it's a bit difficult to be precise in uncertain times, but I think that was a broad statement about general domain names. But China's a bit different. China is always sort of a unique situation. Domains there and domain investors have their own particular qualities about how they buy domains and how they use them. China has regulations of course, and China had some challenges from COVID. We saw that names that surged early on in China having lower first time renewal rates certainly contributed to some of the data that you saw. But we also saw that many of the pre-pandemic names provided renewal rates that are very similar to the long-term renewal rates. So much of, what we got in a broader sense were high quality names.
Rob Oliver: Got it, okay, thanks. And Todd a question for you sort of standard quarterly question just around any geographic trends, I know Jim just talked a little bit about China, which I'd asked about if there was anything else to call out from a geographic perspective relative to renewals or trends.
Todd Strubbe: Yes, but most of our regions from a new registrations perspective remained lower year-over-year. So while North America, Europe and China had year-over-year decreases in new registrations, we did see increases in new registrations from registrars in both APAC and Latin America.
Rob Oliver: Okay. Okay, that's great. Jim, a couple more for you if I may. You mentioned that you guys had fulfilled the submission to ICANN on .web, feels like one of many submissions you guys have made. Was there anything else other than you guys fulfilling the submission any other communication or anything else that would give an indication to you guys as to what a timeframe might be or anything else you can share there?
James Bidzos: Sure. So first of all, let me just say I think this submission was a little bit different in the sense, that the many other submissions that we made were actually to an IRP panel. And this was a submission to ICANN who was now acting on the panel directing them to pursue this through their processes. In fact, in March, early in March, the ICANN Board adopted a resolution that instructed one of their board accountability mechanism committees to evaluate the claims relating to the two parties here, and those submissions were made directly to ICANN. So that's actually different than what we were doing over the past few years in litigation. I just wanted to offer that clarification. So what the conclusion of the IRP did was basically put this back in ICANN's hands, so it's ICANN’s process. We've made our submissions. They have our submissions and so it's an ICANN process and we're just waiting to hear from them when they've concluded.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay, thanks. And then on .net, you guys announced last quarter that you were going to take a price increase in .net and just, I know that's going to roll in here, but just wanted to get a sense if what if any feedback you could share in terms of what you've heard from channel partners or others there around the .net price increase?
Todd Strubbe: Well, look, .net continues to be a strong, widely recognized brand and a very competitive global TLD and like .com. It faces strong competition around the world and we continue to invest in it, in the marketing internet and work with our channel to ensure that it's widely recognized and available. So we're looking forward to continue to work with our registrars and our channel on that.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. Okay, helpful. Jim, just one for you, we get this all the time and I just would, but just would love to just surface it again to get it out there. Just questions around political risk to you guys, if there is any at all like a lot of different political winds blowing and in DC and can you just remind us please just what, if any political impact there has ever been for you guys on decisions around the cooperative agreement contract or your ability to continue to fulfill your obligations?
James Bidzos: Well, the last action was in October of 2018, which was Amendment 35 to the Cooperative Agreement and sorry, 36, 35. And that amendment provided some regulatory relief as part of a broader effort to transition and global internet, internet governance to turn ICANN into a more global organization and to provide some sort of a regulatory relief to VeriSign in .com that provided apriori approval for VeriSign to enter into agreements to renew .com with ICANN where in the past every six years their specific approval was required. That's now been given apriori and the cooperative agreement. Also that amendment to the Cooperative Agreement also provided for the limited pricing flexibility that we have. And it also provided for different termination of provisions, which are that the Commerce Department has the right to unilaterally sunset the agreement. We do not, they do. But also it's a provision of Amendment 35 that the Cooperative Agreement cannot be amended without approval of both of the parties. So I think you can certainly view that as a move towards sort of depoliticizing this component of the Internet. It came following the 2016 so-called transition of ICANN away from the regulation that that it was governed by, by the U.S. Government. So I think if you see it in that broader context, maybe it makes a little bit more sense. So the last thing that happened with that respect was a move to provide regulatory relief, which I think we certainly benefit from.
Rob Oliver: Got it, okay. Yes, that's really helpful. I appreciate you running through that. And then George, just quick one for you on just the impact of FX on dollar denominated purchases. Can you just talk overall about the FX impact that you guys have within your business and anything you're seeing there?
George Kilguss: Yes, sure Rob. As you know, we bill all of our registrar customers in U.S. dollars. So we don't have a lot of FX exposure on the income statement. We have a small amount of FX exposure with regard to some expenses. We have employees around the world and we obviously pay them in their local currency, but that's a relatively small amount for us there.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Yep, okay, great. That's all from me guys. I really appreciate you taking all the questions.
James Bidzos: Great, thanks Rob. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, Operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And again, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign’s Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted, unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign’s second quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me are; Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today’s call and the matters we will be discussing today, include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us. As global reliance on online services continues to increase, so does the importance of delivering uninterrupted and accurate DNS resolution. Last week we crossed a significant milestone by marking 25 years of uninterrupted uptime for the .com/.net domain name resolution system. Reaching this quarter century mark is a testament to the ongoing investments made in our platforms, processes and people. During the second quarter we grew our revenues by 6.8% year-over-year and our EPS by 17% year-over-year. At the end of June the domain name base and .com and .net totaled 174.3 million domain names consisting of 161.1 million names for .com and 13.2 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 2.2% and a sequential decrease of 354,000 domain names. The final renewal rate for the first quarter of 2022 was 75.9% compared to 76.0% for the same quarter of 2021. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2022 will be approximately 73.6%. This preliminary renewal rate compares to 75.4% achieved in the second quarter of 2021 and 75.9% last quarter. The decline in the second quarter of preliminary renewal rate is primarily related to the proportion of names renewing from China registered in the year ago quarter which weighed on first time renewal rates. We do see continued strength in the renewal rates of previously renewed names. In the second quarter we processed 10.1 million new registrations compared to 10.2 million last quarter and 11.7 million in the year ago quarter. While there are many factors that drive demand for domain names, we have seen lower new units in the first half of this year as a result of the few factors that I will now mention. These include a pandemic driven acceleration of domain name registrations in 2020 and 2021, which has subsided, recent global macroeconomic headwinds and relative weakness in 2022 registrations from China. While we're still early in Q3, we do see some signs with new registrations are stabilizing and we continue to see strong renewal rates. However, we agree with the consensus view that the current economic conditions are likely to prevail through 2022 and possibly beyond. Therefore, we're adjusting our 2022 domain guidance and now expect a domain name base growth rate of between 0.5% and 1.5%. This range reflects our expectations that new registrations in Q3 and Q4 will be roughly similar to the levels we saw in the first half of 2022, and which are similar to pre-pandemic levels. This range also reflects our expectations for an improving renewal rate from the preliminary renewal rate we are seeing in Q2. As announced in today's earnings release, we have given notice of a price increase of $0.90 to the annual wholesale price for .net domain names, which will raise the price from $9.2 to $90.92 effective February 1st, 2023. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $997 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the second quarter, we repurchase 2 million shares for $349 million. At quarter end $543 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Turning to .web as we noted in our last call, ICANN’s Board directed one of its standing committees to review the independent review process panel's final decision and provide the Board with its findings. The committee then asked the parties to submit written summaries of their claims by July 29th, that's tomorrow, and then to submit responses by August 29th. We expect that the committee will conduct its review based on these submissions and will then provide its findings to the ICANN Board. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George. I will return when George has completed his financial report with closing remarks, including more about our areas of focus going forward. George?
George Kilguss: Thanks Jim and good afternoon everyone. For the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the company generated revenue of $352 million up 6.8% from the same quarter of 2021 and delivered operating income of $236 million up 10.8% from $213 million in the same quarter, a year ago. Operating expense totaled $116 million, down $6 million compared to last quarter and flat compared with the second quarter a year ago. While we remain focused on driving profitable growth and optimizing our expenses, the sequential decrease in operating expense is primarily a result of the timing of expenses with slightly lower benefit and performance based compensation accruals in the quarter. The operating margin in the quarter was 67.1% compared to 64.7% for the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $167 million compared to $148 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.54 for the second quarter of 2022, compared to $1.31 for the same quarter of 2021. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $145 million and free cash flow was $139 million compared with $143 million and $125 million respectively for the second quarter of 2021. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2022 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.415 billion to $1.430 billion. This updated revenue range guidance reflects our domain name base growth rate expectation between 0.5% and 1.5% that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin is now expected to be between 65.25% and 66.25%. This increased range reflects our ongoing focus on expenses while recognizing that the second quarter operating expense run rate was lower than the run rate we are expecting for the second half of 2022. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates is now expected to be an expense of between $62 million to $67 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $30 million to $40 million. The GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 22% and 25%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2022 to also be within this same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter and we look forward to continuing our focused execution in 2022. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thanks George. There's little, if any disagreement in the statements made by many tech company leaders over the last few weeks on economic conditions. They expect the uncertainty they see today to continue for the foreseeable future. This macroeconomic uncertainty was a factor that influenced our revised domain base growth guidance. While we can't do much to change the pace of economic recovery from the pandemic or the geopolitical and macroeconomic events and forces that contribute to the downturn, we can and we will focus on what is within our ability, managing our business with the unconditional prioritization of delivering on our mission. This includes exercising careful and responsible expense management, some of which is evident in our Q2 results reported today, announcing as described earlier, a price increase for .net registrations, which we have held flat for five years, identifying and pursuing new growth opportunities such as .web, safely transitioning our teams to a new hybrid and flexible work environment which is currently underway, working to ensure VeriSign remains a company that will attract and retain top talent, and continually evaluating and optimizing our efforts to efficiently return value to our shareholders. This focus on what we can manage will continue to service well for the long-term success of the business. In closing, we're confident that the long-term fundamentals of our business are unchanged and remain strong. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from Mr. Rob Oliver. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Rob Oliver: Great. Hi, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So Jim, first one for you, just with domains decreasing here in Q2, can you talk a little bit about what that means for the business in a medium to longer term view? And then I want to dig in on some of the factors that have impacted that as well, that you cited.
James Bidzos: Okay, thanks. Good question. Well first let me say that with respect to the sequential decrease while infrequent, this isn't the first time we've seen a sequential decrease in a domain name base after an acceleration of registrations in the prior year. The last time we saw it several years ago within a few quarters registrations have normalized. So we're keeping an eye on the current situation with that precedent in mind. What we did see is an acceleration of the domain name base growth rate during the pandemic in 2020 and much of 2021. That acceleration demand has now subsided. I mentioned last quarter that one of the factors to consider is that in our Q1 earnings was the component of growth attributable to the pandemic had subsided. This is confirmation that that is what we are seeing in 2020 and 2021. The accelerated demand has now subsided. So we're seeing the year-over-year growth rate slow as a result. However, if we look at the longer term trend, we're seeing that the current pace of new registrations look more similar to pre-pandemic levels. In addition, renewal rates are strong and remained strong. So while there's broad macroeconomic uncertainty, we don't see any change in the underlying fundamental long-term drivers that we think are positive for our business and there continues to be demand for domain names.
Rob Oliver: And on that, on the renewal rates what is it that gives you guys the confidence that the renewal rates will remain strong? Is it something geographic, anything else you're seeing there would be helpful?
James Bidzos: Yes, sure. So we have seen a slight decline in the first time renewal rates in the quarter, but that's due to a higher proportion of names renewing from China this quarter. So what we do see though, is a continued strong renewal rate for previously renewed names. The previously renewed rate has stayed in the mid 80% range and it's actually improved over time. And additionally, as a larger portion of the base becomes previously renewed, that trend helps the overall renewal rate. We're also seeing the cohort of names related to the accelerated demand that I referred to during the pandemic, those names are renewing at strong rates. Those additional names have been positive for the business. So that's a strong point that underlines our confidence going forward in the core strength of the business renewal rates in particular.
Rob Oliver: Got it, got it. And that cohort that you're talking about, Jim, is that a north American cohort, in other words, those that got domains for the first time now emerging from the pandemic are renewing?
James Bidzos: Well, I think those are broad modular to use a math term that modular the Chinese names that we had from the year ago quarter, which tend to renew at a lower first time renewal rate. So the remaining are not limited to north America. No real geographic specificity there. I think those are geographically very broad and those renewal rates are strong, yes. So those are quality names.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay, very helpful. And on the timing of the .net price increase, I just would love to hear your reasoning behind the timing. It comes at a bit of a curious time. On the one hand, you guys have not raised prices there, as you mentioned for five years on the other it hasn't been particularly strong and just wondering if you could walk us through understanding why now and help to get a better sense of that?
James Bidzos: Well, we've as you know, back in 2020 in the early stages of the pandemic, we froze all of our TLDs, including .net. .net’s current level, unchanged level of pricing without price increases does go back five years. We study the market and we make those decisions. There's nothing specific to the current conditions that that that decision is based on. It's just a result of our studying the market. .net still represents lot of value. The other so-called legacy TLDs are all priced slightly above .net, so it's very competitive in a market. And as you noted, the price increase takes effect February 1st of next year.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Got it, okay. And on .web, you, you touched on it and I'm not sure that there's more that you can say, but this labyrinthine and seemingly unending process is now in another phase. So I guess by your comments, we could, I guess, infer that you guys have filed or will be filing by tomorrow everything that was requested here in the quarter in terms of both parties having to like resubmit all of their material. Was there anything new that was asked of you guys and then any other comment around potential timing on .web would be helpful?
James Bidzos: Okay. Let me parse that a little bit. So yes, we certainly will make our filing on time tomorrow, no doubt about that. And yes, you you're right, this is a slightly different part of the process. I think it might be fair to characterize everything that's gone up, gone on until now, basically a process that was held in front of the IRP panel, the Independent Review Process panel, which is sort of a close, close to arbitration, form of arbitration. That panel made its ruling and sent it back to ICANN and had ICANN make a decision. ICANN took the step in a board meeting earlier this year to direct this existing committee to address the issue and follow the instructions of the panel, which is for ICANN to decide these issues. Their process, that committee that's assigned the task of resolving this issue asked for these filings, so of course will make ours. So we are in a stage where ICANN has now at the direction of the panel after years of litigation, then given the responsibility to resolve these issues, these are, this is all tied to ICANN policies and procedures, and they're going about it in this manner. So we're hopeful that we're in a different phase and we're optimistic that there are some assigned timeframes here, we'll certainly comply with them. As to any details of our filing or anything of that nature, that this is a pending legal process, so obviously we won't make any comments on that. But we've always said that we look forward to being the registry operator for .web. We see it as an opportunity to introduce a new TLD and offer our customers more choice. That is unchanged. I think at this point it's in ICANN’s hands and they have a process and we look very much forward to hearing from them.
Rob Oliver: Okay, great. That's, that's helpful, Jim. George, I had one for you. You did mention that operating expenses were lower in the quarter, and that was due to the timing of certain expenses. Is that normal course timing or can you talk a little bit about what, if any of the expenses varied and I know you suggested or said that expenses would return back to the normal run rate in the back half of the year, but if you could just help us understand a little bit more about what went into that variability?
George Kilguss: Yes, sure Rob. We do have some programs that we try to execute in a year and sometimes those slip a little bit. I would say those were more of a minor case. The larger components really were related to lower benefit and performance based compensation accruals in the quarter. As you know, we're or maybe you don't know, we're self-insured for a number of benefits and our expenses related to some of our healthcare expenses came in lower in the quarter.
Rob Oliver: Okay. Okay, that’s helpful. Last question, Jim, I'll just come back to you. I mean you've been through a lot of different cycles in your career and in some of your commentary and your prepared remarks certainly was at least relatively cautious about the macro. And, but just would love to hear a little bit more about what it is you're seeing, what data sets you're watching. I know you cited some of the commentary of other tech companies that gives you that, aside from the actual kind of numbers, what gives you that more cautious bent and how you think this might play out?
James Bidzos: Yes, well, you're right. I referred to comments that other tech leaders have made just simply to point out that we're in sort of an unprecedented situation here economically. I mean, there's obviously a lot going on. I just wanted to separate that from things that we really can't directly impact the things that we can't control. I guess another way to look at it is to say again what I said last quarter that I don't want to trivialize the pandemic and there's absolutely no intent to do that, but we do see this as a bump in the road in the long-term effort to build this business. That's what our efforts are really about. We have our eye on the long-term and it's unchanged. There's certainly some uncertainty and we factored it in. But to your question about the confidence we have or the guidance or other things that we said, well, first of all we have three months more data. We have a substantial amount of data. We track a tremendous amount of data, not just about the zone, but other things. But some of those other macroeconomic factors, I mean, obviously there's a bit of a slowdown in things like online advertising and ecommerce. And those are certainly factors that impact domain names. So there's consideration given to those factors that maybe we can't control, but we recognize them and we make some assessments about them. But in terms of our own zone, we have a lot of data, and that certainly plays a huge role in putting our forecasts and guidance together. And I'll just reiterate again, that our confidence in the fundamentals of our business is strong. The business is strong, the renewal rates are strong. We see this, we see, we do expect that things will normalize at some point. We're just being cautious about when that will be, and we're focusing on what we control and that's what I really wanted to focus my final prepared comments on. There are things we can control and we're going to focus on them. And, but we're going to run the business for the long-term. That's absolutely what we're here to do. We're undeterred by everything that's going on in that focus. So I think the intent there was to just make it clear what you can expect from us.
Rob Oliver: Great, that's really helpful. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate it.
James Bidzos: Thank you.
Operator: It appears that there is no further the question at this time. Mr. Speaker, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Please stand by. Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign’s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted, unless preauthorized. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign’s first quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me are; Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call. The presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today’s call and the matters we will be discussing today, include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us. As global reliance on online services continues to increase, so does the importance of delivering uninterrupted and accurate DNS resolution. Our focus remains on operating, protecting and enhancing our critical internet infrastructure. And I thank all of our employees who continuously execute our complex mission. I’m pleased to report another solid quarter of financial and operational performance for VeriSign. Revenues grew 7.2% year-over-year, while EPS grew 7.5% year-over-year. At the end of March, the domain name base and .com and .net totaled 174.7 million domain names, consisting of 161.3 million names for .com and 13.4 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 4%. During the first quarter, we processed 10.2 million new registrations, and the domain name base increased by 1.23 million names. The final renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2021 was 74.8% compared to 73.5% for the same quarter of 2020. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2022 will be approximately 75.9%. This preliminary renewal rate compares to 76% achieved in the first quarter of 2021 and 74.8% last quarter. We continue to see growth in the domain name base and demand for our – domain names. While there are many factors that drive demand for domain names, we have seen lower new units in the first quarter as a result of a combination of factors. These include the component of growth attributable to the pandemic which appears to have subsided, as well as recent global macroeconomic factors. For calendar 2022, we now expect the domain name base growth rate of between 1.75% and 3.5%. This updated range reflects the various trends we currently see in our business and our expectation for continued domain name base growth. Our financial and liquidity position remains stable with $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Share repurchases during the first quarter totaled $196 million for 895,000 shares. At quarter end, $893 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Turning to .web. As we noted on our last call, ICANN’s Board directed one of its standing committees to review the independent review panel’s final decision and provide the Board with its findings. We understand that process is ongoing and we don’t have any additional information to provide at this time. As we have said before, we continue to look forward to becoming the .web registry operator and establishing it alongside .com and .net as an additional option for businesses and individual end users worldwide. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended March 31st, 2022, the company generated revenue of $347 million, up 7.2% from the same quarter of 2021 and delivered operating income of $225 million, up 6.8% from $210 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $122 million, compared to $118 million last quarter, and $113 million for the first quarter a year ago. The year-over-year increase in operating expense is primarily a result of continued investments in personnel and infrastructure. The operating margin in the quarter was 64.8%, compared to 65% for the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $158 million, compared to $150 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.43 for the first quarter of 2022, compared to $1.33 for the same quarter of 2021. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $207 million, and free cash flow was $200 million, compared with $198 million and $192 million, respectively for the first quarter of 2021. I’ll now discuss our updated full year 2022 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.420 billion to $1.435 billion. This narrowed revenue range guidance reflects the updated domain name base growth rate expectation of between 1.75% and 3.5% that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin is still expected to be between 64.5% and 65.5%. Interest expense and non-operating income net, which includes interest income estimates is now expected to be an expense of between $65 million to $70 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $35 million to $45 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is now expected to be between 22% and 25%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2022 to also be within the same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continue to demonstrate sound financial performance during the first quarter and we look forward to continuing our focused execution in 2022. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the first quarter, we continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. In closing, I want to acknowledge again, the team here at VeriSign for their hard work in maintaining and operating our critical internet infrastructure, even while facing the challenges of working under pandemic conditions. In particular, I want to acknowledge the group of employees who have worked on-site continually throughout the pandemic in order to continue our infrastructure functions. And now, we’ll open the call for your questions. Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go ahead and take the question from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions. So Jim, I’ll start with just you know the obvious changes in the macro environment which have caused you guys to make the adjustments that you’ve made here today relative to domain. So, let me just first ask for, you know just a bit more color around Q1. Obviously a lot has happened in a short period of time. So would love to hear what you saw and how that was manifest in your decision to take down the range?
Jim Bidzos: Sure. Thanks, Rob. Thanks for the question. First of all, there are a lot of factors that have influenced the changes here that we’re seeing. We’re still analyzing many of them. But we do believe that the underlying drivers of domain name demand remain positive for our business. As I stated earlier, we continue to see growth in the domain name base, we see demand for our domain names. And while there these many factors that drive demand, we have seen lower new units in the first quarter. As a result of a combination of factors which as I mentioned, in particular, include this component of growth that is – attributable to the pandemic, that appears to have subsided, and there are recent global macroeconomic factors as well, those obviously we’re still analyzing. We also have heard from some of our registrars that they’re seeing the same thing we are, meaning that incremental demand for new registrations that grew during the pandemic appears to be subsiding. It’s difficult to predict how the changes in these and other trends will impact demand for new registrations and growth in our domain name base, we do expect that new registrations in the second half of the year will be similar with the levels we saw during the second half of last year. Hopefully that helps.
Rob Oliver: Yeah, that’s helpful. You touched a little bit. My follow-up was going to be on sort of that geographic makeup of that comment as well. I know you did say that played an element, meaning the war, I was in Europe this quarter you know marketing to investors and it was you know the exposure to the war over there you know was noticeably more acute than here in the US. And it just you know I know you said you’re still analyzing those factors, but any color around sort of the geographic makeup of what you saw this quarter would be helpful.
Jim Bidzos: Sure. Let me ask George to comment on it first. But let me directly address one specific part of your question. I mean there are ICANN accredited registrars based in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus. But the revenue from those three countries combined is not material to the company’s financials. So with that, I’ll invite George to add any comments or color.
George Kilguss: Yes, thanks, Jim –
Rob Oliver: [Technical difficulty] so thank you.
George Kilguss: Yeah. So, Rob you know as Jim mentioned in his remarks, we continue to grow our domain name base in the first quarter, we were above 4% year-over-year. Again, in the first quarter, we saw gains in the base primarily from the US, EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. From a new unit perspective, you know we generated 10.2 million of new units in the first quarter. And that compared to 10.6 million in the fourth quarter and 11.6 million in the first quarter a year ago. When you look sequentially, we saw continued growth in the US and Asia Pacific regions, with slowing growth in most other regions that we participate in. Year-over-year, we saw more of a broad-based slowing of growth. And as Jim mentioned, that’s really a result of the incremental demand from pandemic that appears to have subsided here. And additionally as Jim mentioned, we also believe the global macroeconomic conditions has also impacted our growth rates here in 2022.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. Yeah that – George, that’s helpful. So just in terms of the assumptions that went into then to that estimate you know is – are you guys – did you guys make any assumptions relative to you know kind of the state of the war or the state of the geopolitical environment? Or is it you know status quo assumed in the forecast for the rest of the year?
Jim Bidzos: Rob, I think it’s kind of too early to say. We’re studying all those things to the extent we’ll be able to, in any sort of granular manner, factor them in to that level of specificity, we’ll share with you when and if we do, but I think it’s early at this point, we do you know, the guidance that we gave does plan for a certain amount of uncertainty, which I think is obvious every business is doing that these days. These are you know global, geopolitical – macroeconomic events that are difficult to predict and obviously things that we can’t control. So, all I can tell you is that, you know those are factored in big based on the best information and analysis that we’re able to make today.
Rob Oliver: Got it, got it. Okay. And just a couple more for me guys. I appreciate it. You know, Jim while I have you on the – just the topic of just a lot of chatter about cyber war, I mean, you guys made some additional investments a couple of years ago around security and you know security is very much at the DNA of what you do. And you guys made those investments ahead of you know that large significant number of federal hack which you know kind of the impression, but just curious you know, it looks you know while everybody’s reporting now they deal with cyber war could be the next round of the war. And if you can just refresh us on you know with the security and how prepared you guys are for that and if in fact you guys have seen anything to-date that would be supportive of those assertions in the press.
Jim Bidzos: That’s a tough one for me to comment on with any specificity. We generally don’t talk about these things. I can say in general, that obviously we make certain assumptions about the cyber threat environment. We monitor it very, very closely. We think it varies and we think it’s in a higher state than it has been in the past. But we have in the recent couple of years and in particular, in 2020 and 2021, made some investments in our infrastructure and cybersecurity in general, we continue to make those that’s obviously job one. We take nothing for granted. We generally err greatly on the side of caution and precaution. So we are prepared on assumptions that I don’t want to go into detail on, I’m just – let’s just say that we’re continuing to make investments. We’ve made investments in providing the equipment and protection for our teams that are working at home. We constantly make investments to protect, evolve and strengthen our infrastructure and its resilience and reliability. And again, that is job one that’s first and foremost that takes a backseat to nothing at this company. That’s probably all I can say about that. Hope that’s helpful.
Rob Oliver: Yep, that is helpful. And I appreciate. Yeah you’d be limited on that. One or two other quick ones and appreciate the opportunity here to hold the floor. Just and I know you mentioned, Jim in your formal remarks that there is no update or official update on .web. You know I know you also said in the last call that you guys would be you know monitoring the process. So you know I guess a bit of a nuanced question there. But you know in the absence of any official update, was there anything that you guys picked up in the process that you know that maybe was either not reported or you know from some of your sources that would either leave you to be more optimistic or more concerned or have a better sense of timing?
Jim Bidzos: I believe we have no other information than what you can get from ICANN’s website. We – when we monitor, we’re monitoring ICANN’s public statements on its website. So you’ve seen everything that we’ve seen. And as I said you know they have assigned to one of their committees the task of executing on what the IRP assigned them to do and that seems to be ongoing and you’ll know something as soon as we do.
Rob Oliver: Great, that’s helpful. Last one for me. Just, George for you just on the SG&A this quarter, can you just remind us a little bit about some of the components and there was you know caught up a little bit and just wanted to get a sense for what was driving that?
George Kilguss: Yeah, sure, Rob. So sequentially you saw that our expenses were up about $3.8 million in total. And that was really due to a combination of factors, primarily increased labor as well as some of the flow through costs from the investments in cybersecurity and infrastructure made last quarter that Jim mentioned. Also in the first quarter, we tend to have higher employee payroll taxes and stock-based compensation as our performance-based plans are really measured and awarded in the first quarter.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Great. Well, thank you guys very much. I appreciate it.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. Mr. Atchley, I’d now turn the conference back over to you for any additional remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, Operator. Welcome to VeriSign's fourth quarter and full-year 2021 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations Web site, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited. And our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign: adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, David. Good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter and full-year of operational and financial performance for VeriSign. Throughout 2021, we delivered strong financial results, while continuing to strengthen our critical internet infrastructure. We complied with the high operational standards required by our ICANN agreements, and extend our record of .com and .net DNS available to over 24 years. I would like to thank our team for their dedicated efforts and expertise which enabled us to realize these results. The critical infrastructure we operate provides the domain name system navigation service, which people around the world increasingly depend on for commerce, education, healthcare, and person-to-person connection. For the full-year 2021, we processed 44.6 million new registrations, and delivered revenue of [$1,328 million] [Ph] while generating free cash flow of $754 million. During the full-year of 2021, we repurchased 3.3 million shares for $700 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors has increased the amount authorized for share repurchase of VeriSign common stock by approximately $705 million, to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program which has no expiration. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business, and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 173.4 million, consisting of 160 million names for .com and 13.4 million names for .net, with a year-over-year growth rate of 5%. Looking at fourth quarter operational results, we processed 10.6 million new registrations, and the domain name base increased by 1.37 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2021 will be approximately 74.8%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.5% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2020, and 75% in the third quarter. As we look to 2022, we expect the domain name base to grow at a rate of between 2.5% and 4.5%. As announced in today's earnings release, we have given notice of a price increase of $0.58 to the annual wholesale price for .com domain names, which raises the price from $8.39 to $8.97, effective September 1, 2022. I should point out that anyone can register a .com domain at any time before September 1 for up to 10 years, and lock in that price for the full term, of up to 10 years. Turning to .web, we noted last time that affiliates had filed an application for reconsideration of the May 2021 final decision, which, as a reminder, rejected their request to be awarded .web. Since we last spoke with you, the significant development, in December, was that affiliates' application for reconsideration was also rejected. And further, affiliates was sanctioned for filing it because the arbitration panel found that it was "frivolous". Since then, in mid January, ICANN's Board of Directors directed one of its standing committees to review the panel's final decision and provide the Board with its findings. With the rejection of affiliates' application and the reaffirmation of the panel's final decision, those roadblocks are now out of the way. And ICANN looks to be moving forward with making the decision on the delegation of .web, and we will be monitoring their process. As we have said before, we continue to look forward to becoming the .web registry operator and establishing it alongside .com and .net as an additional option for businesses and individual end users worldwide. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year-ended December 31, 2021, the company generated revenue of [$1,328 million] [Ph], up 4.9%, and delivered operating income of $867 million, up 5.2% from 2020. Operating expense totaled $461 million, and was up 4.5% from the prior year. The full-year 2021 operating margin was 65.3%, and free cash flow was $754 million. For the fourth quarter, revenue came to $340 million, up 6.3% from the same quarter in 2020, with operating income of $222 million, up 8.6% from $205 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $118 million for the fourth quarter of 2021, compared to $113 million in the third quarter, and $116 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. The sequential increase was primarily a result of increased marketing spend in the quarter. The operating margin in the quarter was 65.3%, compared to 66.2% in the third quarter, and 63.9% for the same quarter of 2020. Net income totaled $330 million, compared to $157 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2.97 in the fourth quarter of 2021, compared to $1.38 for the same quarter of 2020. As noted in our earning release today, net income for the fourth quarter of 2021 included the recognition of a deferred income tax benefit related to a restructuring of two of our international subsidiaries, which involved the transfer of certain non-U.S. intellectual property between these subsidiaries. The recognition of this deferred income tax benefit increased net income by $165.5 million, and increased diluted earnings per share by $1.49 in the quarter. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2020 included the recognition of $12.4 million of previously unrecognized tax benefits, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.11. As we noted in the fourth quarter of 2020 earnings release, for 2022, we expect our GAAP effective tax rates to be between 21% and 24%. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was $206 million, and free cash flow was $193 million, compared with $195 million and $189 million, respectively, for the fourth quarter of 2020. Starting with our first quarter financial statements, we will combine our sales and marketing and general administrative operating expense lines into one SG&A line to better align with peer-company reporting. In addition, any significant fluctuations in sales and marketing would continue to be disclosed within our new SG&A section of our MD&A, contained in our filings. I'll now discuss our full-year 2022 guidance. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1,420 million to $1,440 million. This revenue range reflects the domain name base growth expectation of between 2.5% and 4.5% that Jim mentioned earlier, as well as the impact of the .com price increase announced today. The operating margin is expected to be between 64.5% and 65.5%. Interest expense and non-operating income net is expected to be an expense of between $70 million to $75 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $40 million and $50 million. As mentioned, the GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be between 21% and 24%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2022 to also be within the same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the fourth quarter and for the full-year 2021. And we look forward to continuing our focused execution. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before we open the call for your questions, I'd like to update you, as I've done in previous quarters, on some of our activities in the field of corporate citizenship under our VeriSign Cares program, which aims to make a positive and lasting impact on the global internet community and the communities in which we live and work. During the fourth quarter, we once again joined forces with food banks in the areas where we have a footprint to help alleviate seasonal and COVID related food and security. We also renewed for a further year, our partnership with Virginia Ready, the launch partner of our initiative to help those whose employment has been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic to access retraining and other assistance to find new jobs in the growing technology sector. And finally in Q4, we made a further contribution to the Equal Justice Initiative, recognizing that there remains much to be done in the important area of racial and social justice. And now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. So, now that you've taken the second price increase, I know it's kind of a, what have you done for me lately question, but how should we think about the final two price increases that you still have left? And probably just as important, what happens after the six-year period of this contract?
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks for that question, Sterling. For those of you on the call, who may not be familiar with the structure, refer to in the question, let me just briefly cover that if I might. So, every six-year periods, we are allowed four price increases in the back four years that we are in the first six-year period, which began in October of 2018. And we're now at the point where we have today announced effective September 1 of this year, the second of the four allowable price increases. And so, in this period, we don't guide to pricing. So, today's announcement is, of course, for an increase in COM domain registrations that begins September 1, 2022. Beyond that announcement, we don't guide the future pricing or discuss the factors that that go into those decisions. I will say this. This is the second wholesale price increase for COM since January of 2012. So, if you look back over the last 10 years, that translates into a cost increase of only 1.3% CAGR over the last ten and a half years actually. And so, I just wanted to point that out. For the second part of your question, so basically in 2020, eight years from 2018, and -- Sorry, six years from 2018 to 2024, we will start a second six-year period. This is a six-year period, that's part of our cooperative agreement with the Commerce Department, which automatically renews every six years. And as you may or may not know or recall, the first two years do not allow for price increases. So, in fact, without guiding to what we'll do in the future, if you assume that we take if we took all of the four price increases, meaning the remaining two in this six-year period, as far out as till at least October of 2026, the price of a .com registration cannot exceed $10.26. And we believe COM is and continues to be positioned competitively. So, without guiding, we're in a six-year period in which we've taken the first two of four. And then, we'll start a second six-year period. And since the increases are only in the back four years, none could come in the first two. So, just to reiterate, COM is -- currently the current price increase that we've taken allows for two more if we were to take those two more and exit the six-year period at $10.26. That price couldn't change until at least October of 2026. And that was a long answer. Hopefully that's helpful.
Sterling Auty: Yes, it is helpful. I appreciate that. And then, within the context of the initial guide you're giving here for '22 for the domain name growth of the 2.5% to 4.5%, I think there's a lot of us that have watched the data year-to-date and we're just in the very beginning. But any comments you give, do you feel like the base is off to a slower than normal start for the year, and is there timing of renewals or other things that investors should be thinking about and how that factored into your guide?
Jim Bidzos: Sure. George?
George Kilguss: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jim. Yes, Sterling this is George. So, I would just remind you and others on the call that we do had some seasonality as it relates to certain holidays and how they fall on the calendar. This year in Q1 for example, the Chinese New Year is about two weeks earlier, started on February 1. Last year, it was February 12. And we tend to see new registrations from our Chinese registrar slowdown a few weeks before the actual holiday and then recover once the holiday is over. So, that could be playing into some of the data that you see on our Web site. But overall, as you mentioned, we do expect continued growth in the domain name base. We have got it to 2.5% to 4.5%. And if we recall, that was a similar growth rate that we got into last year at this time as well.
Sterling Auty: It makes sense. And then, very last one on .web, if all goes well with ICANN Board, is it your anticipation that you would be in the market selling .web domains in '22?
Jim Bidzos: Yes. Well, so first of all, the process that I mentioned that was directed by ICANN Board, that is a process that's been held up for many years during litigation, which the panel has now basically shutdown for the second time and directed ICANN to move with this process. So, we're pleased to see ICANN doing it. That is ICANN's process. So, I can't speak quite for the duration that will take. Obviously, we hope it's as brief as it can be. But that is an ICANN process. And secondly, I think you're aware there are some standard processes that are associated with the launch of any TLD. There's a period where some security issues are observed and addressed. There's a period where trademark holders are given the right to make their registrations first. So, putting all that together, it's really hard to speculate in a way that allows me to answer your question. I will say that we have not budgeted in 2022, any launch or marketing costs, or any revenue for .web. We'd certainly like to be in the market if we could, but I think given all of those variables that it isn't helpful for me to speculate as to whether it plays exactly when or even what timeframe as you asked web will come to market. We hope it does soon, and we certainly intend to bring it to market and be successful with it, but beyond that, I don't think I can speculate.
Sterling Auty: It makes sense. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Rob Oliver of Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon, Sterling asked a lot of good questions, I'll just follow-up on his. So, just I'll start with .web since Jim that's where you left off. You did mention in your prepared remarks that you're going to be monitoring the process at ICANN, I just want to understand what's the vehicle, who's actually doing that, how you monitor that? And then, I feel you used to say, rattling about further legal actions, and I'm just wondering from your perspective, what exactly that is like, what avenues they have left. They've been able to stretch this out for so long. And then I had a follow-up for George as well. Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Well, I can't speak for affiliates, I can only tell you that the result of their last application was sanctioned, and a use of the word, "Frivolous" in the panel's answer to their application in reiterating their earlier finding, which is to direct ICANN to proceed. In terms of how we monitor that, most of these actions that when ICANN's Board takes these actions, that information is publicized, and so you can follow some of that on ICANN's Web site. For example, the route -- the results that I mentioned, the direction that ICANN gave to one of their standing committees was in fact, publicly available information. So, what we'll be monitoring, and you can certainly monitor yourself on ICANN's Web site as the Board proceeds. So, I think beyond that, again, I can't really speak for affiliates, we blogged about this, you can find our blogs and you can see our position, we've been firm from the beginning that we believe that affiliates' claims and demands were without merit. Thus far the panel has reaffirmed what we expected what happened that ICANN would be directed to proceed with its process and determine the delegation of that web. That's where we are now. What affiliates will do next? If anything is up to them. But at this point, ICANN has taken some action and we're monitoring that.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. That's helpful Jim. Thank you. And then, George, just a couple quick ones for you, just on the operating margin guide for '22 assuming and I think you guys have, in the past never included things in guide that weren't -- assuming that guide does not include .web, and assuming you got .web, there would be some expenses associated with that. I'm not asking you to speculate on exactly what those expenses would be as Jim already said, that you guys wont, but instead could we understand that the initial operating margin guide may then have to be adjusted at some point, if we were -- you guys were to then get .web and proceed with some of the expenses around ramping .web?
George Kilguss: Yes, Rob. To the extent that when .web comes to us, clearly, we've got our plan and our launch in place. We clearly provide updated guidance to the extent that those expenses, annual revenue are going to impact the current year.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. And then, just lastly, just -- you mentioned some of the kind of vagaries around global domain trends and Chinese New Year, of course, and just was wondering for about any sort of geographic color and again, a follow-up on Sterling's question just about kind of what you're seeing here early in the year and I know, renewal rates has been higher because of some of the activity that you guys have seen in U.S. and EMEA and how that is trending and how that looks to you here as well? Thanks.
George Kilguss: Yes, sure. Rob. So, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we had a solid year of growth in the domain name base, it was up 5% year-over-year, and in 2021, we saw big gains in the base primarily from our U.S., EMEA and our Asia Pacific registrar's. When you look at new units, or gross ads, Jim mentioned we generated $44.6 million in 2021. That was up about 2 million units year-over-year. And that increase is similar to the 2 million new unit increase that we experienced in 2019. And the 2 million unit increase we also experienced in 2020. So, we've had pretty good consistent demand growth over the last few years. From a new unit perspective, we saw gains in 2021 from registrar's and EMEA, Asia Pacific and China. And we'll provide more color as we come out of here in 2021 as to the trends that we're seeing in the regions at that time.
Rob Oliver: Great. We're going to get at Super Bowl. I mean, we're going to be watching that. That's what I'm going to be watching for the .com, right, and hopefully we get one of those this year. Thank you, guys.
George Kilguss: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: And so, that concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to David Atchley for any final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, Operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the VeriSign's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited. And our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or lines during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and 2 non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign: adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for, your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David. And good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter of operational and financial performance for VeriSign. During the quarter, we continued to deliver strong financial results while maintaining, investing in and evolving our critical internet infrastructure and complying with the high operational standards required by our ICANN agreements. Our critical infrastructure enables us to reliably and accurately provide the domain name system navigation service, which people around the world depend on for commerce, education, healthcare and person-to-person connection. During the third quarter, we processed 10.7 million new registrations. And the domain name base increased by 1.48 million names. At the end of September, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 172.1 million, consisting of 158.6 million names for .com and 13.5 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 5.1%. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2021 will be approximately 75%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.7% achieved in the third quarter of 2020 and 75.4% last quarter. For the full year 2021, we now expect a domain name base growth rate of between 4.7% and 5.5%. This narrower range reflects the current pace of new additions to the base and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Share repurchases during the third quarter totaled $172 million for 785,000 shares. At quarter end $565 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. As it relates to .web, and as we stated last quarter, after the final IRP decision was issued in May Afilias' filed in June an application requesting that the IRP panel interpret and amend its final decision. The briefing on this application was completed in September. And the panel has now taken the matter under advisement without oral argument, which means we're just waiting for the IRP panel to respond. VeriSign believes Afilias' application is without merit, and we continue to expect the panel to rule on it in the fourth quarter of 2021. As we have said before, we continue to look forward to becoming the .web registry operator and establishing it as an additional option for businesses and individual end users worldwide. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim. And good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended September 30, 2021 the company generated revenue of $334 million, up 5.1% from the same quarter in 2020. And delivered operating income of $221 million, up 7.1% from the $207 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $113 million compared to $116 million last quarter and $111 million in the third quarter last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 66.2% compared to 64.7% last quarter and 65% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $157 million compared to $171 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.40 in the third quarter this year compared to $1.49 for the same quarter last year. As noted in our earnings release, net income for the third quarter of last year included previously unrecognized tax benefits of $24 million, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.21. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was $260 million and free cash flow was $245 million compared with $140 million and $125 million, respectively for the third quarter of 2020. Cash flow this quarter benefited from an increase of $45 million of deferred revenue, which was primarily related to early domain name renewal activity before the .com price increase went into effect. The main impact of these early renewals is the pulling forward of cash flow from future quarters into the third quarter of this year. Additionally, comparing year-over-year third quarter cash flow, last year's third quarter cash flow was lower due to the permitted deferral of approximately $52 million of U.S. federal tax payments from the second quarter to the third quarter of 2020. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2021 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.325 billion to $1.330 billion. This narrowed revenue range reflects the updated domain name base growth rate expectation of between 4.7% and 5.5%, as Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin is now expected to be between 64.8% and 65.3%. This range reflects our expectation of incremental spend on marketing programs and continued investment in our operational infrastructure and personnel during the fourth quarter. Interest expense and non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $83 million to $87 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $55 million and $60 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 20% and 23%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2021 to also be within the same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter. And we look forward to continuing our focused execution. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before we open the call for your questions, I would like to touch on some other things that we continue to do here at VeriSign. I've updated you in previous earnings calls on our commitment to responsible corporate citizenship principally through our VeriSign Cares program. During the third quarter, we established 3 new partnerships under the VeriSign Cares workforce retraining initiative. This greatly increases both the number of individuals we can help and our geographical coverage. Combined, our partners now reach dollars in 17 states plus the District of Columbia with remote options accessible throughout the U.S. And our partner organizations have expansion plans of their own, which we're pleased to support. We're delighted to note that our launch partner for this initiative, Virginia Ready recently passed the milestone of 3,000 scholars who have graduated from their program. And as a reminder, the objective of the VeriSign Cares program is to address pressing economic and social needs in the communities in which we live and work. We instituted this workforce retraining initiative in 2020 to provide individuals whose employment has been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic with access to training and other assistance to help them pivot into the technology sector. You can learn more about these efforts on blog.verisign.com. And now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Rob Oliver with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thank you. Good evening, guys. A couple of questions for me. First, one for you, Jim. Just on the macro that you're seeing right now with business starts, I mean there's been some data this quarter. I think University of Michigan sentiment indicators rolling over a little bit. A lot of small, medium-sized business survey work we've seen expressing some concern. I think it's a mix of labor shortages as well as concerns heading into next year. It seems that the reduction of the high end of the domain growth name is just really a function of the timing here into Q4. I mean you guys have had a strong year. But can you talk a little bit about what you're hearing and seeing in the market relative to the prospects for demand activity going forward and kind of what you're seeing?
Jim Bidzos: Sure, Rob. I can say a few things about it. I don't know if I can map with any specificity activity in the domain name space, specifically with any quarterly economic activity. I can tell you that COVID has certainly been a factor. We've seen up and downs with COVID of course, from early 2020 on through where things improved a bit. Then we saw the Delta variant and things went in the wrong direction. Now they're improving again. I don't know exactly how the timing maps to that. But certainly, that does have some effect. And we can't tell you yet. We haven't studied it sufficiently to tell you exactly what that might do. So certainly, all of those things are factored. Business starts are a factor. But essentially, COM is a strong brand. People are branding themselves. People are acquiring domain names. They're the preferred way to have their identity online. And I think you see that the long-term trend line is not only in the right direction, but I think generally consistent with our yearly performance and seasonality. There's just no doubt a COVID influence that we can't map with any precision for you right now.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Got it. Okay. That's fair. Thank you. And then, George one for you. Just on the strong margin performance this quarter. And I know you guys have made a series of investments over the past year plus both in security timely ones as well as infrastructure and provisioning as well as people. I'm just curious about the margin expansion that we saw and sort of the durability of that? Or is it more of kind of a onetime benefit? Thank you.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Rob. So when you look at our operating expenses, clearly the sequential decrease is primarily due to a mix of the small decrease in G&A spending and some marketing activity in the quarter. And as you mentioned, year-over-year we have a slight increase from our continued investment in our operational infrastructure and personnel. Again, I would say we are managing the total expenses of the business as best we can. And we continue to look at where we're spending money and making sure we're spending them in the right areas. And if we're not, we're redirecting that into the business. We provided guidance on our operating margin for the full year of 64.8 to 65.3. And we'll give you some additional guidance on our year-end call as to what we think next year is. But we do have up and downs each quarter. But we continue to make the investments that we feel are appropriate for the business.
Rob Oliver: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Nick Jones with Citi. Please go ahead.
Nick Jones: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I guess one on .web. I guess, could you maybe remind us on assuming the TLD is delegated to you, you can start registering it. What is kind of the timeframe from when you're able to register to when consumers can actually buy? Is that like a relatively quick turnaround? Or are we looking at a couple of quarters once you're able to when .web could start showing up?
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Nick, if I understand your question correctly, you're not asking about the process we're in now with the IRP. You're saying if that should be resolved, handed to ICANN as the panel ruled before and this application fails in some point. .web is delegated to us, you're asking what the process is to actually start registering domain names. Do I understand your question correctly?
Nick Jones: Correct.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. So it's more like I think you're the latter part of your assumption there. There are some couple of quarters because there are periods of activity that are mandated by the process. We have to run a sunrise period. We have to do some security things. We have to let people who have trademarks come in and get theirs first. So it's a bit early to speculate exactly when. But the answer is closer to a couple of quarters. It's getting from delegation to actually beginning to register domain names. There's just some process work that's required to do for safety, security and respect for trademarks.
Nick Jones: Got it. And then I guess a follow-up to that is when you think about brands maybe trying to protect their trademarks, do you have any proxy as to whether people are buying like .shops or other TLDs and at which rate? Is it common for people to kind of protect their trademarks by buying all the TLDs? Or are there just certain ones? Any color or visibility you have into how brands behave?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, it varies a lot. I don't think there's any general single rule you can make. It's certainly true that people buy what are called defensive registrations to protect their marks. Many of them buy variants of them. Lots of them buy multiple registrations in com, net and other TLDs in order to protect things that are even similar to their mark. So that occurs in other TLDs not all of them. It just varies. I would refer you to our domain name industry briefs. And I think you can get some sense just looking at the lay of the land, so to speak, the landscape of TLDs. I think that would give you some insights and help you understand that.
Nick Jones: Got it. Great. Thanks for taking questions.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi, guys. So maybe we could start with the 10.7 million new names that were processed in the quarter. Can you give us some color as to what you saw on a geographic basis? Where was the strongest growth? And where perhaps were there areas of softness?
George Kilguss: Sterling, this is George. So as you mentioned, we had 10.7 million of new registrations in the third quarter. And that was pretty similar to what we did in the third quarter a year ago. So still a healthy level of registrations for the company. As far as regional performance goes, we saw year-over-year new registration strength from registrars in areas such as EMEA, APAC and China during the quarter and North American registrars as new registrations were a bit lower during the third quarter compared to the year ago quarter.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then when you look at the base that was up for renewal, how is the mix of names that were up for renewal for the first time as a percentage of the total as compared to what you experienced in the other quarters of the year?
George Kilguss: Again, when you talk about renewal rates we had a total renewal rate of about 75% in the third quarter. And that was similar to the first and second quarter. They were both in the mid-70% range. What I think you're alluding to is a year ago our renewal rate was 73.7%. And so when you look at the year-over-year improvement a lot of that does come from the mix of the names coming up for renewal. And I think as we talked about last quarter if you look back at 2019, we had a lot of higher percentage of names coming out of registrars from China and other areas that typically have lower first time renewal rates in 2020. We had more demand coming out of more mature markets like the U.S. and EMEA which had higher renewal rates. And so those names, obviously, last year are the ones that are renewing this year. And so you're seeing a slightly higher renewal rate trend this year compared to last year. Because the first time and the previous renewed rates are increasing because of the mix. And that's been consistent both in the first quarter and the second quarter of this year.
Sterling Auty: And when you look at the renewal rate for means renewing for the first time, other than kind of China, which typically has lower rates. Has anything changed in those kind of first time renewal rates?
George Kilguss: Again, they vary by country. Our first time renewal rates are still around 50% and our previous renewed rate is still around the mid-80s, 85%-86% range.
Sterling Auty: All right. Great. And then finally, when we talked about hypothetically if you were to go live with .web post that process, the timing to revenue. How should we think about when either technology investment or any type of incremental infrastructure or any marketing programs would actually go into effect under that scenario?
Jim Bidzos: So Sterling, I guess, it's a bit early to speculate specifically. I know you hadn't asked specifically about revenue. But what I can say to you is that, first of all, .web is, of course, different from .com and net and that it's not a price controlled TLD. And I think at this point, it's just really too early to speculate how revenue would roll in or what it would look like. But we do have flexibility with it that we don't have - we would have flexibility with it that we don't have with other TLDs, and premiums are available. Other sorts of options are available. The infrastructure that we have is in a sense since we operate multiple TLDs.web is in a sense another TLD. But there certainly will be some sort of marketing launch that will occur, but I just think it's too early to really talk about what that would look like and what the expense impact will be. But we certainly intend to market and promote .web. Our plan, our desire, as we've stated - and I'll say again, is to offer our customers more choice and to make .web a very successful TLD.
Sterling Auty: Make sense. Thank you, guys.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to David Atchley for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to VeriSign Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recording. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign second quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Struby, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you'll also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign; adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks David and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter of operational and financial performance for VeriSign. During the second quarter, we saw continued demand for our domain names, including year-over-year growth in new registrations from some of our foreign geographies. During the second quarter, we processed 11.7 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 2.59 million names. At the end of June, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 170.6 million, consisting of 157 million names for .com and 13.6 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 5.2%. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2021 will be approximately 75.3%. This preliminary rate compares to 72.8% achieved in the second quarter of 2020% and 76% last quarter. As we look at full year 2021, we now expect the domain name base growth rate of between 4.7% and 6%. This range reflects the strength we continue to observe in new additions to the base and our outlook for the balance of the year. During the quarter, we continued to deliver solid financial results while maintaining investing in an evolving our critical infrastructure and complying with the high operational standards required by our ICANN agreements. Our critical infrastructure enables us to reliably and accurately provide the DNS navigation service which people around the world depend on for commerce, education, health care, and person-to-person connection. Just last week we marked 24 years of uninterrupted availability of our .com and .net domain name resolution system. Our financial and liquidity position remain stable with $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Share repurchases during the second quarter totaled $172 million for 797,000 shares. At quarter end, $737 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Regarding .web, on May 20th, a final decision was issued in the Independent Review Process or IRP. The final decision rejected affiliates' petition to nullify the results of the .web auction and rejected affiliates' request to be awarded .web, also as we had requested, the final decision directed ICANN’s Board of Directors to review the objections, including objections as to affiliates' conduct and to make a determination on the delegation of .web. After the final decision was issued, however, affiliate’s filed an application requesting that the IRP panel interpret and amend its final decision. We believe affiliates' application is without merit and expects the panel to -- we expect the panel to rule on it in the fourth quarter of 2021, thereafter, we expect ICANN’s Board will proceed consistent with the final decision, and it will make a determination on the delegation of .web. The updated guidance we are providing today does not include revenue, or expenses related to .web. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. For the quarter ended June 30, 2021, the company generated revenue of $329 million, up 4% from the same quarter in 2020 and delivered operating income of $213 million, up 3% from $207 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $116 million compared to $113 million last quarter and $108 million in the second quarter a year ago. The year-over-year increase in operating expense is primarily a result of incremental and continued investment in our operational infrastructure and personnel. The operating margin in the quarter was 64.7% compared to 65.8% for the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $148 million compared to $152 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.31 in the second quarter this year compared to $1.32 for the same quarter of last year. During the quarter, the company redeemed and favorably refinanced its $750 million, 4.625% senior notes due in 2023 through the issuance of new $750 million, 2.7% senior notes, which mature in June 2031. We are pleased with the result of this refinancing, which will result in interest expense savings of over $14 million annually for the company. As part of the refinancing, we wrote-off $2.1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs on the 2023 notes. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $143 million and free cash flow was $125 million, compared with $215 million and $204 million, respectively for the second quarter of 2020. The year-over-year difference in operating cash flow, primarily relates to cash taxes from a combination of higher cash taxes this year, as well as last year's second quarter operating cash flow benefiting from lower cash flow tax payments due to the permitted deferral of approximately $52 million of US federal tax payments until the third quarter of 2020. I will now discuss our updated full-year 2021 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.322 billion to $1.331 billion. This narrowed and increased revenue range forecast, reflects the updated domain name base, growth rate expectation of between 4.7% and 6% that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin is now expected to be between 64.25% and 65%. This guidance range reflects our expectation of incremental and continued investment in our operational infrastructure and personnel in 2021. Interest expense and non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $83 million to $87 million. This reflects lower interest expense following the refinancing that was completed during the second quarter. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $55 million and $65 million. The GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 20% and 23%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2021 to also be within the same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter and we look forward to continuing our focused execution in 2021. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. We continued our work to protect grow and manage the business while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. Before we open the call for your questions, I'd like to touch on some other things we're doing at VeriSign. I have updated you on previous earnings calls on our commitment to responsible corporate citizenship in particular under our VeriSign Cares program. In recent months, we've expanded our work to help those affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in a number of ways including; alleviating food and security caused by COVID-related economic hardship in areas where we have a footprint, providing medical and other relief in India, where the pandemic took a significant turn for the worse earlier this year and our ongoing and growing efforts to help those jobs or careers have been affected by COVID to retrain and pivot to new careers in the tech industry. We've also kept our focus on the area of equity and justice both working with existing partners and adding new ones. You can read more about all of these initiatives in the new section we added to our investor website this quarter on our ESG work. And now we'll open the call to your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Rob Oliver from R.W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver: Great. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you, guys for taking my question. Jim, I would just start with you on very strong renewal rates. And obviously, you guys raising the domain growth guide again. You called out some foreign geographies, which saw I believe strong renewal trends. So just was wondering if we can get a little bit of color on kind of where you're seeing pockets globally of strength whether some of that surprised you, whether it's COVID recovery-related or any color around the foreign geography comment?
Jim Bidzos: Sure. I'll let George or Todd comment on that.
George Kilguss: Yes. Thanks, Jim. Rob, this is George. So with regard to domain demand, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks and as you alluded to, we had a very solid quarter from a domain perspective. New units were $11.7 million and that was up about 600,000 from the year ago period. As far as regional preferences -- performance goes, I would say that US registrars performed similar to a year ago quarter, with a slight increase in demand coming from various international regions. As Jim mentioned, for example, both China and the EMEA regions were up year-over-year in new registrations. As far as renewal rates, as Jim mentioned, our preliminary renewal rate is 75% and that's up from 78% a year ago. I would say, part of the improvement there relates to a combination of the mixture of first time and previously renewed names, with the previously renewed name cohorts getting a little larger as the base ages, as well as the geographic mix. As you may recall, back in 2019, we had a higher proportion of new units coming out of China, out of that region, which came up for renewal in 2020 and contributed to a slightly lower average first-time renewal rate in 2020. We had more mature regions like the US and EMEA contribute to a larger portion of our new unit growth. So those historically higher renewing rate regions have helped our first-time renewal rate a little bit this year. So a combination of those two factors, but our first-time renewal rates are in the 50% range and our previous renewal rates are slightly up, but they are still in the mid 80% range.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. George, that's really helpful. And then, just one follow-up. Jim, just I want to make sure that I understand the potential timeline on .web. So with affiliates now having filed the motion, I guess, that now has to be ruled upon by the board, that then happens before the final ruling by ICANN. So I think you said Q4 2021 on the newer motion that was filed by affiliates. So if that's right, what then would be your expectation for timing, assuming you guys were then to win .web since, maybe, if the folks filing the motion aren’t even in the business anymore, assuming you guys win, what would be the timing of it?
Jim Bidzos: Well, that will be dependent on ICANN’s timeframe for picking up what the IRP panel instructed them to do, which is to complete their process on .web and get it delegated. So I can't speak for that ICANN process, but that's what would occur following a ruling on that latest motion. ICANN would then basically do what the panel instructed. It was essentially remanded back to ICANN. So there is this delay with this current motion, but then it will go back to ICANN and they would conduct their process and determine the delegation of the TLDs. So, hopefully, that won't take too long, but I can't speak for ICANN.
Rob Oliver: Great. Okay, guys, thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. We'll take our next question from Nick Jones from Citi.
Nick Jones: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe another one on geographic trends and I think, as APAC still has pretty low internet penetration relative to kind of North America and Western Europe, is there any sense of .com’s popularity in those regions as, I guess, more people come online? And does that -- is that kind of a tailwind in the region for VeriSign or .com over time? And then I have a second question.
Jim Bidzos: All right. George or Todd.
George Kilguss: All right. Yes. So, Nick, this is George. I mean, I would just say that, look at comments of global brand. And we obviously try to continue to market our brand to be a very high-quality reliable brand across the world. As far as China is concerned as I mentioned last year, China was a little bit quieter while the pandemic was going on. And we've seen some of our registrars there had some increased demand and are doing well. So China is picking up. I do think China is a little bit of a different of a market though. I think China is much more of a platform and mobile-driven market. While domain names are still very relevant there and important they are driven more in these platforms. But as I mentioned China has performed better year-over-year in the second quarter here. And we'll see how they continue to perform, but they're still quite active over there. 
Nick Jones: Great. Thanks. Then maybe just taking a step back looking at the line about 100% availability for 24 years and as the Internet has evolved quite a bit and maybe the velocity of usage and I guess what's weighing the overall system, I guess increases over time what's the impact on availability in the future? You got cryptominers you got just more and more people using the Internet for more and more things. I guess what impact does that have kind of from here, or how are you thinking about it from here versus kind of the last 24 years? 
Jim Bidzos: Well that's a natural and good question given the expanded use of the Internet and particularly during COVID so many people working from home additional load etcetera, etcetera. I'll just say that the design of our network besides resiliency is there's also a design element of capacity and it's always been designed with overcapacity as part of the resiliency sort of formula. And I'll just say that the volume of traffic anticipated we're still meeting all of our obligations including specific performance and response time obligations. We have no difficulty meeting those with the demand. It's essentially part of all the planning that we get. It always has been from the beginning. So, it's not a new consideration in that sense. We've planned for it. 
Nick Jones: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our last question from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Drew on for Sterling. I was wondering if you could provide some more color on what you're expecting for renewal rates in the second half of the year as we lap the surge in new businesses from 2020? 
George Kilguss: Yes. So Drew this is George. We don't guide to renewal rates, but we do guide to the domain name base. And obviously our guide is up from last quarter. Last quarter we were guiding 4% to 5.5%. Obviously now we've increased that guidance to 4.7% to 6%. So, we're still expecting growth in domain name base but we don't guide to specific quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Atchley for any additional or closing remarks. 
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recording. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley : Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Struby, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you'll also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter of performance for VeriSign. During the first quarter, we saw increased demand for our domain names across most regions as businesses continue to expand their online presence. During the first quarter, we processed 11.6 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 2.8 million names. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled $168 million, consisting of 154.6 million names for .com and 13.4 million names for .net, with a year-over-year growth rate of 4.6%. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2021 will be approximately 75.9%. This preliminary rate compares to 75.4% achieved in the first quarter of 2020 and 73.5% last quarter. As we look forward for fiscal 2021, we now expect a domain name base growth rate of between 4.0% and 5.5%. This updated range reflects the strength we've witnessed in new additions to the base and our outlook for the balance of the year. During the quarter, we continued to deliver solid financial results while maintaining, investing in and evolving our critical infrastructure and complying with high operational standards required by our ICANN agreements. Our critical infrastructure enables us to reliably and accurately provide the DNS navigation service people around the world rely on for commerce, education, health care and person-to-person connection. Our financial and liquidity position remained stable with $1.18 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Share repurchases during the first quarter totaled $173 million for 876,000 shares. At quarter end, $910 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Regarding .web, we have been informed that the independent review process panel formally declared the IRP hearing closed on April 7, 2021. Under the applicable arbitration rules, the IRP panel should now issue a final decision within 60 days from that date. As a reminder, an IRP, under ICANN's bylaws, is for the purpose of ensuring that Ican followed its own policies and procedures when making decisions. Our expectation is that following the resolution of the IRP, the ICANN Board will make the final decision on the delegation of the .web TLD. The updated guidance we're providing today does not include any revenue or expenses related to .web. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended March 31, 2021, the company generated revenue of $324 million, up 3.6% from the same quarter in 2020 and delivered operating income of $210 million, up 2% from $206 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $113 million compared to $116 million last quarter and $106 million in the first quarter a year ago. The year-over-year increase in operating expense is primarily a result of incremental and continued operational investments in personnel and infrastructure. The operating margin in the quarter was 65% compared to 66% over the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $150 million compared to $334 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.33 in the first quarter this year compared to $2.86 for the same quarter last year. As noted in our earnings release, net income for the first quarter last year included the recognition of $168 million of previously unrecognized noncash income tax benefits, which increased diluted earnings per share by $1.44. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $198 million, and free cash flow was $192 million compared with $180 million and $169 million, respectively, for the first quarter last year. The year-over-year increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by the increased volume of new registrations and renewals, partially offset by higher cash payments for operating expenses. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2021 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.315 billion to $1.330 billion. This narrowed and increased revenue range forecast reflects the updated domain name base growth rate expectation of between 4% and 5.5% that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin is still expected to be between 64% and 65%. This guidance reflects our expectation of incremental and continued investment in our operational infrastructure and personnel in 2021. Interest expense in nonoperating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $88 million to $ 92 million. Capital expenditures are also still expected to be between $55 million and $65 million. The GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be between 20% and 23%, and we expect the cash tax rate for our 2021 fiscal year to also be within the same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the first quarter, and we look forward to continuing our focused execution throughout 2021. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. In closing, I want to acknowledge the team here at VeriSign for their hard work in maintaining and operating our critical Internet infrastructure, even during the challenges of working remotely during the pandemic. Now we will open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Jim Bidzos: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Rob Oliver of Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. First one, Jim, for you. Just clearly, macro trends appear better with you guys taking up the range on domains on the revenue side. I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks that, that was sort of strength across the board. And I was wondering if you could add a little more context to that, maybe both from a geographic perspective to see if there are any particular pockets of strength as well as maybe to talk about some of the dynamics that you believe are driving or what you guys are seeing driving that increased domain activity. And then I had a follow-up.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks. Well, first of all, I think the recovering economy is certainly contributing to increased Internet use, and that includes additional domain name used. Good part of the strength came from the U.S., but it was very broad-based in virtually all geographic regions. We do have limited visibility recall through our channel. But certainly, the ads this quarter were broad-based across all regions, driven, I think, primarily by recovering economy and the economic activity that comes with it. But also recall that Common Net are trusted brands and as people continue to get online, our ads are certainly going to benefit from it and they did this quarter.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Okay. And then George, just one follow-up for you. I know you guys, going back a couple of quarters, have talked a bit about the need for increased operational spend for your infrastructure and R&D and security and things like that. I guess couple of questions. How do you feel you are in that trajectory? And I guess, by your implied increased revenue guide for the year for maintaining the margin you guys are looking to probably spend a little bit more. And just wanted to get a sense for you spending on the same things and how you're thinking about that this year.
George Kilguss : Yes. Thanks, Rob. Similar to last year and continued this year, we continue to spend, as you indicate, and invest in areas of cybersecurity as well as infrastructure areas. And those are both in personnel as well as new software tools. And you can see that our headcount for the year -- for the quarter ended at 918 people. We're continuing to execute on our plans this year. We'll continue to make investments in those areas. And hence, the guidance range of 64% to 65% for operating margin is still appropriate.
Operator: We will now go to our next question, and that will be from Nick Jones with Citi.
Nick Jones: Great. I have two. I guess the first one, can you just expand a little bit on the time line for .web? 60 days from the seventh, a decision needs to be made, and then it sounds like there potentially is additional time after that. I guess how should we be thinking about the 60-day time line in the context of when .web will be delegated and then when .web can kind of start being issued to consumers?
Jim Bidzos: Well, first of all, the -- so the announcement from the IRP panel was that they had concluded their hearing on April 7, and that started the 60-day clock that you're referring to. So they have concluded the hearing. We assume that in that time frame, their final report will be issued. So that being the, hopefully, final step in the litigation part of this process, we don't comment on that pending litigation. I'll just simply say that according to their announcement, by the time we're talking again next quarter, we should have quite a bit more to say. So I think until that happens, it's premature to discuss exactly when and how .web will be delegated. And then we get it launched then into the hands of consumers. It's just simply too early to speculate about exactly how that will play out. As I mentioned, we do expect that at the a conclusion here when we do see the IRP report that the ICANN Board will then proceed to determine the delegation of .web. When we get to that point, I think, we'll be able to say more about the timing of our own efforts. But until then, it would be premature. So at least we know now that we'll have, hopefully, a lot more to say the next time we talk to you next quarter.
Nick Jones: Great. Great. And then I guess, I look at the domain name industry brief. TLD -- TLDs declined. I think it's like $4.5 million or a little less sequentially, .com continues to grow. Can you talk about kind of what's underpinning, I guess, what would be share gains in terms of .com gaming and TLDs and maybe why others are declining? Any thoughts on those trends?
Jim Bidzos: Well, so let me just say, first of all, that we did understand that this broad-based bit of growth in ads that we had this quarter. The registrars are reporting, this is growth from small businesses and individuals, and it's broad-based. The competitive registries, we don't have insights into their particular businesses and their exact numbers. I'll just simply say that as people are getting online, Common Net are trusted brands, and we continue to see that growth. The registrars are having success with them, and we're pleased with that growth in the quarter.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: So just following along that line of questioning, the $11.6 million gross new registration in the quarter was up nicely versus what you saw last year. You pointed to both small business and consumers, but I'm wondering what you might be hearing back from the registrars in terms of the mix. How much of this might be tied to the continued elevated new business application data that we see versus maybe other types of consumer use cases for domains?
Jim Bidzos : Yes. George, do you want to comment there?
George Kilguss: Yes. I would say, Sterling, we don't quite get a detailed mix of all the registrars. I can tell you that from what we do here, the -- they're seeing good demand for consumer -- I mean, businesses wanting to get online. As you know, over the last couple of years, registrars have invested a lot of money in increasing the utility of a domain name and making it much easier to build a website and get online for consumers. And as a result, we're seeing registrar spending a lot more money, advertising and marketing to these small businesses to bring them online. And I think that has been helpful for the domain name industry. As far as the economy, the only insight we have there is that registrars just believe that this is -- this trend is a pretty good trend. I think it'll continue for the rest of the year. And when we query it to that, they just reply back that they feel the economy is opening up and that's supporting some of that optimism on their part.
Sterling Auty: And then if you look at the total number of new TLDs, it's been in kind of a steady decline from when it hits the peak back in, let's say, September of 2020. How much of that is just kind of failed marketing programs? And have you heard from the registrars that they just kind of, back to Jim, your comment, .com and .net are trusted domains, are you just feeling like you're starting to regain share? And is there more marketing dollars being put behind .com and .net at this point?
Jim Bidzos: Well, let me -- I'll ask George to comment on that. But first, let me just add this and this sort of goes to next question earlier as well. I think what we're not mentioning here is, this is a very competitive marketplace, and we haven't mentioned the country code TLDs, especially the ones that have been commercialized, for example, .co, .tv. Many of these country code TLDs that are not new gTLDs, not legacy TLDs. So the market is a little bit bigger than all of that. I just wanted to make sure that we understood that there's a bigger picture there that we normally don't talk about and have limited visibility into. But many of them have been commercialized, and so they certainly need to be factored in. George, do you want to comment further? I think, Sterling, the other half of your question was about marketing.
George Kilguss: Sure. So I don't really have any insight into the marketing activities of the new gTLDs. But if you go to ICANN's records, which are public and you look at some of that data for new gTLDs, I think, the decline in the new gTLDs is really centered in a few TLDs that had some very rapid rise a year or 2 ago. And I think as they come up for renewal, maybe they're not renewing as well. I don't have any specific insight into them unless what I see -- or based on what I see here in the ICANN data, but I think that decline is really specific to just a few TLDs that had very a strong growth in prior years.
Sterling Auty: Got you. And then for your own marketing programs here for 2021, can you give us a sense, within the context of the guidance you've given around margins? How should we think about the the marketing spend and in light of a potential favorable ruling on .web, what should we be thinking about the plans to put the marketing muscle behind the launch of .web?
George Kilguss: So this is George, Sterling. So as far as .web and marketing muscle, I just think it's too early at that point. The guidance that we provided this year for both revenue expense, as Jim mentioned, doesn't include any revenue or expense associated with .web. Once we have the TLD delegated, and we've got our plans in place, then we'll be able to communicate that. As far as our own sales and marketing programs, you saw us spend a little bit more in sales and marketing in the first quarter compared to last year. We had -- I think, that's more about some of the programs we curtailed in 2020 in the first quarter as a result of the pandemic coming on and people working toward home -- working from home. This year, we're continuing to execute on our direct marketing plans as well as the other programs that we rolled out at the beginning of the year. And as far as I can tell, it's really business as usual for us here this year as well.
Sterling Auty: All right. Great. And last question because I get it quite a bit. I kind of know probably how you're going to answer, but I want to ask in a public forum anyway. .net in pricing. So you made a price decision here on .com, it's been announced. But it's been a little bit since you last took a price action on .net. What are your thoughts around -- what you might be doing here with pricing for .net in 2021 or 2022?
Jim Bidzos: Yes, Sterling, and I'll give you the -- you've asked the same question. I have to give you the same answer. We don't guide to pricing, of course. I'll just point out that .net is competitively priced. .com is, of course, below it at this point, but we don't guide to the future pricing decisions. And as you pointed out, we do have a a price increase for .com that will be effective in September.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn things back to David Atchley for any additional or closing comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And again, everyone, that does conclude today's call. We'd like to thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted, unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please, go ahead, sir. 
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. Joining me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, available after this call. Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterwards, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. This past year has presented challenges and uncertainties for all of us. This has also been a year when our mission has never been more relevant. Like many of you, we spent the majority of the year with most of our teams working remotely. During this time, we continued to maintain, invest in and evolve our infrastructure, which enables us to reliably and accurately provide the critical DNS navigation service people around the world rely on more than ever, for commerce, education, healthcare and person-to-person connection, while complying with the high operational standards as required by our ICANN agreements. Thanks to the dedication of our team and the resilience of the specialized network they operate and maintain, we extended our record of DNS availability to over 23 years during 2020 and we will continue our focus, as it appears we will be working remotely well into 2021. Turning to our results. I'm pleased to report another consistent quarter that concludes a solid year of operational excellence for the company. As I mentioned in 2020, we marked more than 23 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net. We also processed 42.4 million new registrations, delivered revenue of $1.265 billion and generated free cash flow of $687 million. During the full year 2020, we repurchased 3.7 million shares for $735 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors has increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for share repurchase by approximately $747 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program, which has no expiration. Our financial and liquidity position remains stable, with $1.17 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 165.2 million consisting of 151.8 million names for .com and 13.4 million names for .net, with a year-over-year growth rate of 4%. During the fourth quarter, we processed 10.5 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.46 million names. Although, renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 will be approximately 73.5%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.8% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 73.7% last quarter. Looking to 2021, we expect the domain name base growth rate of between 2.5% and 4.5%. As announced in today's earnings release, we have given notice of a price increase of $0.54 to the annual wholesale price for .com domain names, which raises the price from $7.85 to $8.39 effective September 1, 2021. This represents the first wholesale price increase of .com domain name since 2012 and is in alignment with a limited and regulated pricing flexibility permitted under our Registry Agreement. This announcement is consistent with our statements over the last several months that we expected to effectuate an increase in the wholesale price of .com domain names before October 25th 2021. We believe this positions .com competitively in the marketplace. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the company generated revenue of $1.265 billion, up 2.7% from 2019. Operating expense totaled $441 million and was up 3.6% from last year. For the fiscal year, the company delivered operating income of $824 million up 2.2% from $806 million a year ago and a full year operating margin of 65.2%. Fourth quarter revenue, came to $320 million up 3.1% year-over-year. Operating expense totaled $116 million, compared to $111 million last quarter and $112 million in the fourth quarter a year ago. The quarter-over-quarter increase, in operating expense is primarily a result of increased sales and marketing expenses. Fourth quarter operating income totaled $205 million, compared with $199 million in the same quarter of 2019. The operating margin in the quarter came to 63.9%, which was unchanged from the same quarter a year ago. Net income, totaled $157 million, compared to $148 million a year earlier which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.38 in the fourth quarter this year, compared to $1.26 for the same quarter last year. As noted in our earnings release, net income for the fourth quarter of 2020 included recognition of a $12.4 million of previously unrecognized income tax benefits, as a result of the lapse of certain statutes of limitations. This income tax benefit increased Q4 diluted earnings per share, by $0.11. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was $195 million and free cash flow was $189 million, compared with $194 million and $185 million respectively, for the fourth quarter last year. I'll now discuss full year 2021 guidance. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.300 billion to $1.320 billion. This revenue range forecast reflects the domain name base growth rate of between 2.5% and 4.5%, that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin is expected to be between 64% and 65%. This guidance range reflects our expectation of incremental and continued investment, in our operational, infrastructure in 2021. Also, this range reflects the annual $4 million payment to ICANN, which began this year, to support activities to preserve and enhance the security, stability and resiliency of the DNS and the Internet. Interest expense and non-operating income net, is expected to be an expense of between $88 million to $92 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $55 million and $65 million. This range reflects our ongoing investment in our infrastructure as well as an expected 2020 capital spend, that moved into 2021. The GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be between 20% and 23%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2021, to also be within the same guidance range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance, throughout last year and we look forward to continuing our focused execution in 2021. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim, for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, George. I'd like to say again, that our priorities continue to be our mission of ensuring a secure, reliable and accurate operation of our critical Internet infrastructure and the safety of our people. And I also want to acknowledge once more, the team here at VeriSign for their hard work in maintaining and operating our infrastructure, even during the challenges of working remote during pandemic. Those efforts are undertaken almost entirely behind the scenes, that are not well known, but there are many hundreds of dedicated professionals that develop, maintain and operate our purpose-built network. And have done so without service interruption for over 23 years. Even today, some people may think we still operate an SSL Certificate Authority of PKI business that VeriSign's predecessor, RSA Data Security, built going all the way back to 1986. That business was sold in 2010 and we have increasingly tightened our focus on our core mission of secure Internet directory and registration services ever since. More information on just what we do today can be found on our homepage at verisign.com. Now we'd like to walk through your questions, which we believe is on your mind before opening the call for your additional questions. Many of you have asked are there any updates on the status of .web. As we noted last quarter, a final hearing took place in early August of 2020. We expect a decision from the panel in the coming weeks but we don't control the timing and the panel is not operating under any deadline. And as a reminder, VeriSign is not a party in these IRP proceedings but was granted the right to participate in certain limited aspects. Also as a reminder, an IRP under ICANN bylaws is for the purpose of ensuring that ICANN follow the term policies and procedures when making decisions. Our expectation is that following the resolution of the IRP, the ICANN Board will make a final decision on the delegation of the .web TLD. The guidance we provided today does not include revenue or expenses related to .web. Now we'll open the call to your questions. Operator we're ready for the first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thank you, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Appreciate it. George, I was just hoping we could walk maybe through a little bit more of the thought process on the expense structure for 2021? And then also I wanted to sort of maybe get some color on that. I know you guys had talked a little bit in recent quarters about spending some more on the security side and certainly looked [indiscernible] given the headlines that happened in December, but wanted to get a sense for where you are on that spend, whether the bodies that you need to hire have been hired? And then also on the CapEx comment just wanted to understand what it was that came out of last year and into this year and just get a little bit more color on the CapEx, which is higher than in our model I believe?
David Atchley: Hello?
Rob Oliver: Yes. Were you guys able to hear my question?
David Atchley: Yes, we heard your question. George, I don't know if you were on mute but just double checking.
George Kilguss: I'm sorry. Yes I was. So yes, thanks for the question Rob.
Jim Bidzos: Sorry to make you answer through brilliantly twice George.
George Kilguss: That's okay. I'll do my best. But we've been talking about this most of the year that we've been making additional investments in both our infrastructure and our cybersecurity initiatives. And you see this bearing out in our numbers as both R&D and G&A are up in those areas and we continue to invest in personnel and hardware and software tools in those areas. As far as 2021, we expect our expenses to be similar as a percent of revenue next year for most of the categories that we report on with the exception of cost of revenue which we expect will increase slightly as a percent of revenue for next year. As far as capital expenditures, as stated in my prepared remarks, capital expenditures are expected to be between $55 million and $65 million. And that again reflects ongoing investment in our infrastructure as well as some expected 2020 capital spend that slipped into 2021. We – as I mentioned, we guided between $55 million and $65 million. Last year we guided between $45 million and $55 million at this time. So this year's range is slightly higher than last year but we feel these investments are appropriate to continue to ensure the security and stability of our infrastructure.
Rob Oliver: Great. That's helpful. Thanks, George. Appreciate it. And then Jim just one for you if I may. Just – obviously the price increases. So I'm glad you guys were able to get those through. On the domain outlook for the year, it's a bit of a wide range. And I just wanted to maybe get your thought process on that I guess probably understandable given a lot of macroeconomic puts and takes but just wanted to get your sense. And I think you said 2.5% to 4.5%. Appreciate that.
Jim Bidzos: I'm sorry, did you just want clarification? 
Rob Oliver: Yes. Just -- right, I mean, would love some clarity on your thought process on that range?
Jim Bidzos: I'm not sure, I can give you any more detail beyond that, I guess. Maybe I don't understand your question. Let me... 
Rob Oliver: Yes. So that -- that's, I mean at the low end of that range that's a growth number that would be below GDP growth. And just -- is there other elements of, when you saw some pull-forward potentially or maybe we didn't due to COVID where we saw some domain activity where you guys ended up the year at the high end of your - above the range of your initial big guidance which I think nobody would have expected probably in the spring. So is there a sense that we have a bit of a hangover from that on domains? And is that why the low end would be factored? And just any color there if possible would be great. 
George Kilguss: Yes, Rob, this is George. Maybe I can jump in here a little bit. So I would say in general the trends that we're seeing in the domain name base are similar to the trends we've been seeing in the last few quarters in that registrars from both North America and EMEA are performing very well and that growth has been slightly offset by some slower activity from registrars based in China. But as you saw, yes, in the fourth quarter we had a pretty solid quarter delivering about 10.5 million registrations which was up from 10.3 a year ago. And during the year as we talked about we have seen some increased demand in those regions from people looking to get online, new business starts and there's been new functionality created in the registrar community from website builders. As we look into next year, we still see those trends continuing. However, we're not sure how the market will react as we come out of this work-from-home environment. And so we're being -- we typically do have a range this wide going into the year. January is off to a pretty good start. But right now we sit here that's our expectation between 2.5% and 4.5%. And as we go through the year we'll update you on that range. 
Rob Oliver: Great. Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: Yes. I understand your question. I guess I -- if the idea is to sort of, associate some macroeconomic considerations and somehow relate them to the guidance that we gave, I think, probably the only thing I can really say about that is that there's obviously some uncertainty associated with how COVID is going to play out in 2021. There are a lot of ups and downs and gives and takes and that certainly is a factor that affected. But as George said there's a lot of factors that go into the range. But I would say if you wanted one macroeconomic indicator there's obviously some uncertainty around COVID. That's probably the single biggest influence in that range. 
Rob Oliver: Okay. Thank you again.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Nick Jones with Citi. 
Nick Jones: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first and this is probably splitting hairs. But could you have taken another $0.01 in the price increase or is it because like it's slightly over 7% you can't? I guess any clarity there? And then, I guess, a follow-up is -- go ahead. 
Jim Bidzos: I'm sorry. You've got it right. The problem is that if you apply -- we don't bill in fractions of $0.01. And the actual increase came in with a 0.9 on the -- to the right of the decimal points in pennies. And so even though the number was a nine we rounded down because otherwise we would be slightly over the 7%. 
Nick Jones: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then on COVID, kind of, threw a wrinkle I think into potentially how investors were thinking about the price increases. How should we think about the cadence from here? I mean, is it something that's like you, kind of, expect to happen annually? Is there room to compress the timeframe and take them earlier? I guess, just how are you thinking about the cadence of the price increases over the next few years as the windows open? 
George Kilguss: Nick, this is George. 
Jim Bidzos: I'm sorry. I was on mute, George. I'm sorry. Mute is tricky. I will let George weigh in but basically we don't guide to future price increases. And today's announcement is only for an increase in .com domain registration fee, that's effective and begins on September 1 of this year. Beyond that, obviously, we don't guide. George, do you want to comment? Please go ahead.
George Kilguss: Those are going to be my comments Jim as well.
Jim Bidzos: Yes, sorry, I was on mute there for...
Nick Jones: Okay. One last question just kind of as COVID restrictions may be loosened, in certain markets vaccines are rolling out. Are you seeing any change in kind of the trends we saw in 2020 in terms of people's SMBs switching to digital solutions, people leaning into online solutions? Is there any meaningful changes and trends kind of early in the year in certain regions, even just within the US in terms of registrations or anything to kind of give you pause as to kind of how the reopening may impact these trends? Thanks.
George Kilguss: Yes. Nick, this is George. I don't see any materially difference in the trends that we saw last quarter even through January. The only thing I'll just mention is, we do have a little seasonality in our business from time to time and we do get impacted by holidays and the Chinese New Year this year is a little bit later. I think it was in late January last year and it's in early February this year. But, other than that to answer your question, nothing yet that we've seen to change our views.
Nick Jones: Great, thanks for taking the question.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. When I saw that you announced the price increase, I'm like damn, what am I going to ask on the call now that you announced the increase?
Jim Bidzos: Well, that -- is that the question?
Sterling Auty: No. No, of course not. All right. So, let's start with renewal rate, the down 20 bps year-over-year. Anything that you saw in particular this year, whether it be -- I noticed that over the last month, there was a couple of days: one where I think the domain base was down 93,000; another one that was down like 102. Sometimes I usually equate that to some of the registrars going through and doing some purges. So, anything like that that may have impacted the renewal rate in the quarter?
George Kilguss: Sterling, as you pointed out, the renewal rate was relatively flat year-over-year. I think 73.5% in the fourth quarter versus 73.8% in the fourth quarter of 2019. So, relatively similar. We did have a very strong 2019 performance from China-based registrars. And as we talked before, as a group we tend to see first time renewal rates come out a little bit lower. And as that cohort was renewing this year that did put a little downward pressure, I would say, on our first time renewing rates for the international group as a whole. But again, I think overall 73.5% was a pretty good result.
Sterling Auty: Now that makes sense. You made the comment that .web, neither the revenue or expenses, are factored into the guidance. If we just say hypothetically that you get the approval and you can move forward to getting it up and running, what should be some of the cost levels that investors should expect to get it launched, and perhaps some of your thoughts around the marketing muscle in terms of spend that you might put behind at launch?
Jim Bidzos: Sterling I think -- I guess, with all of the process part of the IRP complete and we're waiting, I think I can say -- repeat what I have said earlier, which is that we're -- we hope that we're weeks away from something from the panel. We're certainly closer as time moves on, but I think it's just too early to give any indication of a timeline from there to the launch of web or any of the costs associated with it. It's just kind of early.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then last question from my side is, in the US if you look at the new business applications, they spiked late summer early fall. So, I think August, September time frame, but they're still elevated in the fourth quarter especially on a year-over-year basis. If I think about that relative to your new domain registrations the 10.5, new registrations have been up relative to historical norms for a while now, is there a correlation there? And does that actually will give you some confidence that hopefully the economy opens back up on the back of vaccines and perhaps we could see even faster domain growth in 2021?
George Kilguss: So, Sterling, we've seen that same data. And as you know we're a thin registry. So we do get some insights from our registrar partners and from what we hear from them. Yes, new business starts and companies finding that they can better serve their customers by having a website and ergo domain name helps to facilitate that. I think that's been good for our business here in this work-for-home environment. As Jim mentioned, when the pandemic subsides and things start opening it up, I think it could probably go either way either it could accelerate or it could slow a little bit. We're just not sure how the market would react just as we were somewhat uncertain when this whole pandemic started but that clearly is a possibility.
Sterling Auty: And maybe just a follow-up to that. On mix of domains, the new TLDs I think have given back some of the share that we saw them -- saw that category gain in years past, are you seeing that mix having any impact on your business?
Jim Bidzos: I guess, the mix of -- I am not sure I understood this.
Sterling Auty: Well, to be more specific you're a thin registry, but you work with hundreds of registrars on a global basis. Are registrars coming back to you given that you do marketing programs and suggesting that they want to put more muscle behind .com because they're just not seeing the traction that perhaps they expected in the new TLDs?
Jim Bidzos: I guess, I would just -- I think the best answer I can give you to that question is, one, that I think is just a simple fact which is .com is a recognizable brand that helps people get found online. It's a popular well-established brand. I don't know -- I'm not aware of any specific deliberate effort that we've been informed of any kind of a shift like you're describing. George do you want to add anything to that?
George Kilguss: Yeah. I think that's right Jim. I mean I think that's probably a great question for one of the registrar's earnings calls but as to what they're seeing specifically. But our programs tend to be relatively set at the beginning of the year. We rolled them out we announced them and we tend not to change them too much year-over-year or intra-year I would say. But I don't think I have anything more to add than what Jim commented on.
Sterling Auty: Understood. Thank you so much.
George Kilguss: Thanks.
Operator: I'd like to now turn the call back to Mr. David Atchley for any final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. Now at this time, I like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's third quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you to everyone for joining our call today, and we hope each of you are staying safe and healthy. Joining me remotely from their respective locations are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our second quarter 2020 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, a replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC specifically the most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which will be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Today VeriSign reports 318 million in revenue for the quarter, up 3.1% from the same quarter a year ago. But before we dive deeper into our results, I wanted to speak just a bit about COVID-19 and how we're addressing it within VeriSign. With the increased demand for and reliance on internet services during the COVID-19 pandemic, securing reliable operation of our infrastructure has become even more important. Our focus remains on our mission, which is to ensure the availability of our critical internet infrastructure for the benefit of internet users. We continue to operate our registry services for .com and .net and our root operations, at the rigorous standards of performance and availability governed by our agreements with ICANN, while most of our employees continue to work remotely. Now, I'll address our quarterly results. The third quarter of 2020 was another consistent quarter for VeriSign, in which we focused on our core business, expanded the domain name base and delivered solid financial results. Regarding third quarter operational highlights, at the end of September, the domain name base and .com and .net totaled 163.7 million, consisting of 150.3 million names for .com and 13.4 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 4%. During the third quarter, we processed 10.9 million new registrations, and the domain name base increased by 1.65 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2020 will be approximately 73.4%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.7% achieved in the third quarter of 2019 and 72.8% last quarter. For 2020, we now expect the domain name base growth rate of between 3.5% and 4%. This updated range reflects the strength we have seen in new registrations and our expectations for domain name base growth for the remainder of the year, balanced with the ongoing uncertainty presented by COVID-19. During the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program that resulted in 823,000 shares of common stock repurchase for 170 million. At quarter-end, 506 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration date. Our financial and liquidity position remain stable with 1.15 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim and good afternoon everyone. As mentioned, for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 the company generated revenue of 318 million, up 3.1% year-over-year, and delivered operating income of 207 million, compared with 206 million in the same quarter a year ago.  Operating expenses totaled 111 million, up from 103 million in the third quarter a year ago, and up from 108 million last quarter. The increase in operating expense reflects our continued investments throughout the year in personnel to support our cyber security and infrastructure initiatives among other factors. The operating margin in the quarter came to 65%, compared to 66.7% in the same quarter a year ago, and 65.8% last quarter. Net income totaled 171 million, compared to 154 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.49 in the third quarter this year, compared to $1.30 for the same quarter last year. As noted in our earnings release, net income for the third quarter included a previously unrecognized income tax benefit of 24 million, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.21 and resulted from the re-measurement of Verizon’s accrual for uncertain tax divisions. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was 140 million, and free cash flow was 125 million, compared with 208 million and 197 million respectively for the third quarter last year. Operating cash flow and free cash flow in the third quarter were both lower, mainly due to the permitted deferral of 52 million in U.S. federal tax payments until the third quarter, which we mentioned in our last quarter’s call. I will now discuss updated full-year 2020 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of 1.262 billion to 1.267 billion. This revenue range reflects the updated domain name base growth of between 3.5% and 4% that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin, which includes stock based compensation, is now expected to be between 64.75% and 65.25%. This guidance range reflects our expectation of incremental and continued investments in our operational infrastructure and security capabilities, as well as sales and marketing expenses during the fourth quarter of 2020. Interest expense and non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $75 million and $80 million. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $45 million and $50 million. We now expect our full-year effective tax rate to be a net benefit of between 6% and 9%, which reflects the 168 million and 24 million of previously unrecognized income tax benefits recorded in the first quarter and the third quarter, respectively. Cash taxes for 2020 are still expected to be in the range of 18% to 20% of pre-tax income. In summary, VeriSign continue to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter, and we look forward to continuing our focused execution for the remainder of 2020. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim, for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. I'd like to say again that our priorities continue to be our mission of ensuring the availability of our critical infrastructure and the safety of our people. Internet usage has increased during the pandemic and reliance on online services even more so. For many people who are working from home and isolating at home, online services are critical, and more businesses and individuals than ever depend on internet infrastructure for their livelihood. I'd like to acknowledge the team here at VeriSign for their hard work and maintaining our critical internet infrastructure, even during the pandemic. We'd like to walk through two questions which we believe are on your mind before we open the call for your additional questions. First question, are there any updates regarding your plans to use the limited pricing flexibility you have for .com? No updates from what we said last quarter. We still expect to effectuate the .com wholesale price increase before October 25, 2021 and the prices for all of our TLDs are frozen through March 31, 2021. Second question, are there any updates on the status of .web? As we noted last quarter, a final hearing was scheduled in August. The hearing took place in early August. The participants, including VeriSign then submitted their post hearing briefs. A final decision from the panel may be issued later this year or early next year. As a reminder, VeriSign is not a party in these IRP proceedings, but was granted the right to participate in certain limited aspects.  Also, as a reminder, in IRP under ICANN bylaws is for the purpose of ensuring that ICANN followed its own policies and procedures when making decisions. Our expectation is that following the resolution of the IRP, the ICANN Board will make a final decision on the delegation at the .web TLD. And now, we’ll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Rob Oliver with Baird. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Oliver: Great, thank you very much. Thank you guys for taking my questions. Appreciate it. Jim, just to start with you. You know, just overall, I'd love to get your thoughts on the domain environment, you know, clearly coming out of COVID a lot of concerns about small business, small business failure. And you guys have, you know, consistently from that time when you took down the guide on domain growth have kind of ratcheted it back up and [came in] for this quarter, pretty impressive. So, I just was wondering if you could maybe step back and talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the environment. You know, a lot of new business starts. And it would seem that that would be offsetting some of the kind of macro concerns that you know, that they may be weighing on small businesses, or maybe they're holding on to their websites. We'd love to hear your thoughts there. And then I have a quick follow up. Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Okay, thanks for the question. Well, I'll make a comment or two and then I'd like to invite George and Todd to comment as they see that market having developed over the crisis. I'll just say that, as I mentioned in my remarks, obviously, people are making greater use of the internet for a wide variety of reasons for their livelihood or in the pursuit of a livelihood. And starting new businesses, others may not be faring as well, there are a lot of complex reasons that people register, keep, and delete domain names. And there's a complex sort of analysis that leads to where the increased growth resulted in the quarter. Overall, the numbers speak for themselves and that it was a solid quarter of additional growth. There's clearly additional internet usage. There's clearly additional growth in the domain name space as a result of that. And it's quite clear as you see in our results, and as you observed. And George, Todd [indiscernible] comment if you'd like.
George Kilguss: Sure. This is George Kilguss. So, as Jim mentioned, we had a good quarter, new registrations were 10.9 million, which was up about 980,000 new names from a year ago, but very similar to last quarter. And the trends that we're seeing here in Q3 are very similar to last quarter. In that we saw strength in registrations from North American registrar's and media registrars, and APAC registrars. New units from China based registrar's during the quarter was similar to Q2 level However, they were down year-over-year. But overall, a very solid quarter continuing to see good demand here in the third quarter, and I think as Jim said, those are just secular trends that we're seeing with people seeing the value in the utility of having a website and getting a domain name to better service their customers and maximize their e-commerce objectives.  And I think we're helping to support that – those small businesses in doing that and those trends, at least so far this year had been good for us.
Rob Oliver: Great, thanks. That's helpful. My follow up George is for you. I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, a comment relative to Q4 in sales and marketing expenses and just wanted to just ask on that anything out of the ordinary relative to the kind of standard practice on investing in your channel around, you know .com growth and any color you can add there would be great. Thanks very much.
George Kilguss: Yeah Rob, I would say nothing out of the ordinary. I think if you look in the past couple of years, we have tended to spend a little bit more in the sales and marketing area in the fourth quarter just based on the timing of events. This year, we had some activities that we’re going to be early in the year, but with the pandemic in full swing, we kind of pivoted on some of those efforts and we've repositioned them here in the fourth quarter. So, I don't think there's anything unusual there, just the normal management of our marketing activities throughout the year.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Nick Jones with Citigroup.
Nick Jones: Great, thanks for taking my questions. I guess, to the first one, I guess a little bit more on .web, can you expand on the decision that's, I guess, coming either later this year or early next year, I guess, in terms of is this kind of a definitive decision that puts this matter to rest or is it more of a decision to potentially extend the matter longer, just any, I guess, color on how to think about the timing of what we're waiting to hear?
Jim Bidzos: Well we're waiting to hear the final resolution of this IRP. And just as a reminder, this IRP, this form of arbitration that's used in the ICANN community actually involves two parties, primarily that's affiliates, who's essentially the plaintiff here and ICANN [view as] the defendant. And as I mentioned in the question that I asked and answered, this is about whether ICANN follows its own policies and procedures when it makes decisions. So, that is what the panel will decide.  And our expectation, as I said is that following that resolution, the ICANN Board then – the matter will be returned to ICANN for its process, which is to make a final decision on the delegation of the .web TLD. So that's the expectation, as in any litigation, it's really not proper to speculate on those outcomes, obviously, when something is pending, but we do know, in the process, what's pending here, which is a decision by the panel. And they have – the final hearing was scheduled and it was held and of course as a participant, but not a litigant so to speak. We were there at the table.  So, we're waiting hopefully by the end of this year or early next year, we will hear from the panel. They will answer the allegations by the plaintiff affiliates against ICANN and then the matter should be handed to the ICANN Board for resolution on the .web issue. That's our expectation. And that's what we hope to see. And then we'll certainly share with you what we know when we know it beyond that.
Nick Jones: Great. And then a follow up, just one follow up on I guess just .com market share. So, there's some third party data out there that kind of indicates .com as regaining share despite their kind of being more, you know, I guess new TLDs? Why do you think that is? You know, is that what you're saying? Can you speak to kind of, you know, any trends you're seeing there? You know maybe making .com more popular versus new TLDs, I guess is there any thoughts or color around that would be great. Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Well, I'll just say that, I mean, I don't know what data you're referring to. So, I can't really address that specifically. I can tell you though that the market does not consist only of .com and then new gTLDs or alternate TLDs. There's a large and thriving market of country code TLDs like .CN for China, .DE for Germany. Many of those have been commercialized like .CO from Colombia, .Co is the commercialized TLD that many, many organizations and individuals have chosen to brand themselves on. And there are a large number of those.  So, the market is far broader than that. Com is a good brand, and its performance is strong, and registrants like the .com brand, because it helps them get found. But beyond that, without seeing what you're referring to, I really can't comment on it. I would just caution that, very often when I think people talk about the market, they haven't really considered how large that market is. I would also refer you to our domain name brief. I think there's a good survey of all of the TLDs there. And I think if you look at that, you might get a slightly different picture. So, I hope that's helpful.
Nick Jones: That is. Thank you for taking my questions.
Jim Bidzos: Certainly.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now take our last question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. So, going back to the domain name growth, in the context of the guidance that you’ve given for the full-year, it would seem to indicate a slowdown in the year-over-year new registrations embedded in that. So, I guess my question is, do you think that there was some one-time you know benefits from COVID that you're not factoring into the guidance for the fourth quarter or what else is kind of influencing how you kind of guided here for full-year?
George Kilguss: Yeah. Sterling, this is George. Yeah, so as you know, Sterling, there are just simply less selling days, I would put it in the fourth quarter. Typically, we see the fourth quarter new registrations dip seasonally. So, we're keeping an eye on that. Also, I think there's still some uncertainty with regard to COVID, and how that that disease may pick up here, globally. And so, some of that caution is also in the guidance that we're providing.
Sterling Auty: Understood. And I know that .com is a thin registry, but based on your interactions with registrar's and industry participants, any sense as to what percentage of domains that are coming on board have e-commerce attached to them at this point, or any other type of granular breakdown you might have?
George Kilguss: Yeah, as you mentioned, Sterling as a [thin registry], we don't quite have that that detail. We do hear from the registrar's that they are seeing more small businesses, stand up websites and grow that portion of their business, which I think is good for our business. But as far as the granular detail, I don't have that for you. I'm sorry.
Sterling Auty : And that kind of brings, I don't know if you guys have seen it, but the Census Bureau has a number of business applications. And it looks like there was a significant spike in late summer coming into the fall. And you know, based on that comment, I wonder if you're seeing some of those come in or is there the potential that there might be a delayed tailwind? You know, from maybe new business formation?
Jim Bidzos: Well, speaking for myself, I haven't seen that data. I don't know that we've correlated any data like that to domain name registrations in our common net zone, I think registrars are probably the first place that there would be some indication of that. I think clearly would have some indication for them that new business starts [are up] and that that there are increased domains name registrations in the U.S. associated with that. So, I think in general, the answer to your question is yes, but there's nothing I can think of in the data that would disagree with what you're saying. But in any detail or correlation, I don't think we have any. 
Sterling Auty: Got it? And one housekeeping, George, what's the number of names up for renewal in Q4?
George Kilguss: In Q4, 34.8 million.
Sterling Auty: Alright, great. And very last one, you commented a little bit, so I wanted to just put a fine point, you know, given bringing down the high-end of the operating margin for the full-year, what would you say the incremental spend that you're now factoring into that guidance is going to that maybe wasn't there before? Or is that the wrong way to look at it?
George Kilguss: Well, as I think I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, you know, the increased expense year-over-year is really going to increase headcount. We've added about 34 or 36 heads since the beginning of the year. And a lot of those additional head counts are people that we have focused on our cybersecurity and I would say software, network engineering functions, and those show up in our R&D and our [G&A functions]. And so at the end of the quarter, our headcount was about 908 employees. So that was up from 872, at the end of the year. So, the only thing I'll say is, look we've, you know, we came out of 2018 with a similar level of headcount. We had about 900 people. We've been as high as a 1,000 employees in the business. If you step back and look at the prior years, you know, we've been in a gap operating expense range of around 110 million, 112 million a quarter, clearly in 2020 here in 2019, as we got out of, we sold the VSS security business, we had some moving pieces as we were reorganizing the company, but you know, and right now, we're at about 111 million for the quarter of gap operating expense here. So, we've been in this range for a long period of time, and we're – as we always are, we're managing the expenses of the business to meet the needs of the business. And I think we've been doing that reasonably well over the past seven or eight years, and we're going to continue to do that. But the answer to your question, it's really been this additional headcount that we've added in our security stability initiative.
Sterling Auty: Understood. Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: And Sterling, this is Jim. I would just add to that, you know, there's always a baseline funding that we make available and increase just simply because a huge aspect of what we do is cybersecurity, which is very difficult to predict. The threat environment is constantly evolving. It's generally always intensifying and increasing. And so, there are constant investments we make in training, education, new hires, people, technology, hardening our infrastructure and proving its resiliency that are ongoing. In addition, there are responses that we have to make to new threats that are anticipated. These just are routine and happen all the time, but the precise nature, the precise response, and therefore the price – the precise budgetary aspect of the response is difficult to predict. What you're seeing is our best estimates based on a long history of experience of doing these kinds of things. In addition, we fund research and that research evolves. And we recently identified, for example, a huge number of queries that were coming into the root servers, a massive spike in queries that were literally the result of unintentional activities, with a browser behavior that we were able to actually highlight point out, and help rectify, and eliminate a huge amount of volume that was that was hitting [indiscernible] root servers. There's quite a bit of this research that we do and publish, we've done work and name collisions. We do a lot of good instrumentation that helps manage and improve performance and security across the net.  We identified domains that are the source of [botnets], and other sorts of cyber attacks. We share those with different companies, government agencies. So the teams that are working on that are always evolving, growing training, hiring additional folks. That's our primary mission. We address it many Broadway's, but it's our top priority. So, it shouldn't be a surprise. There are times, you're going to see increased spending on it. It's just the nature of the business that we're in. And that's our expertise. And that's our mission.
Sterling Auty: Make sense. Thank you, Jim. I really appreciate that.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Atchley for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the investor relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Welcome to VeriSign's second quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you to everyone for joining our call today, and we hope each of you are staying safe and healthy. Joining me remotely from their respective locations are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. Thank you in advance for your patience if we experience any interference, delays or sound quality issues during today's call. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our second quarter 2020 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, a replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC specifically the most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q. VeriSign does not update financial performance or guidance during the quarter and most of it is done through public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and two non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which will be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. With the increased demand for and reliance on internet services during the COVID-19 crises, securing reliable operation of our infrastructure becomes even more important. Our focus remains on our mission, which is to ensure the availability of our critical infrastructure. We have been and are prepared to continue operating all of our services including registry services for dotcom and dotnet and our route operations at the rigorous standards of performance and availability governed by ICANN with more of our employees continuing to work remotely. Our focus on mission is emphasized by the fact that the company last week marked 23 years of 100% availability of the dotcom and dotnet domain name resolution system. This achievement is the result of the dedication and expertise of our team and our specialized infrastructure. Also as part of our response to the COVID-19 crisis, we announced in March a freeze of the wholesale prices in all of our TLDs including dotcom through the end of 2020. Today given the current environment we're further extending that price raise for the wholesale prices in all of our TLDs through March 31, 2021. Additionally, we're also extending the waiver of the wholesale restore fee for expired domain names through the end of 2020. Now I'll address our quarterly results. Q2 of 2020 was another consistent quarter for VeriSign in which we focused on our core business, expanded the domain name base and delivered solid financial results. Regarding second quarter operational highlights, at the end of June the domain name base in dotcom and dotnet totaled $162.1 million consisting of 148.7 million names for dotcom and 13.4 million names for dotnet with a year-over-year growth rate of 3.8%. During the second quarter we processed 11.1 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.41 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2020 will be approximately 72.8%. This preliminary rate compares to 74.2% achieved in the second quarter of 2019 and 75.4 last quarter. For 2020, we now expect a domain name base growth rate of between 2.75% and 4%. This updated range which recognizes the ongoing uncertainty presented by COVID-19 reflects the strength we've seen in new registrations and our expectation for domain name base growth for the balance of the year. During the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program that resulted in 730,000 shares of common stock repurchased for $150 million. At June 30, 2020, $676 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. Our financial and liquidity position remains stable with $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash including potential share repurchases. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks Jim and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended June 30, 2020, the company generated revenue of $314 million up 2.6% from the same quarter in 2019 and delivered operating income $207 million up 2.5% from $202 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $108 million up from $105 million in the second quarter a year ago and up from $106 million last quarter. The sequential increase in operating expense is primarily a result of increased sales and marketing spend during the quarter. The operating margin in the quarter came to 65.8% compared to 65.9% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $152 million compared to $148 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.32 in the second quarter this year compared to $1.24 for the same quarter last year. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $215 million and free cash flow was $204 million compared with $165 million and $154 million respectively in the second quarter last year. Operating cash flow in the second quarter benefited from lower cash tax payments due to the permitted deferral of approximately $50 million in US federal tax payments until the third quarter of 2020. Additionally the deferred revenue balance increased during the quarter as a result of the strength in new registrations. I will now discuss full year 2020 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.255 billion to $1.265 billion. This revenue range forecast reflects the updated domain name base growth of between 2.75% and 4% as Jim mentioned earlier. Operating margin which includes stock-based compensation is still expected to be between 64.5% and 65.5%. This guidance range reflects our expectation of incremental and continued investment in our operational infrastructure, securing capabilities and sales and marketing expense during the remainder of 2020. Interest expense and non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $75 million and $80 million. This updated range reflects the additional $5 million gain recognized during the second quarter to the sale of our security services business. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. We still expect our full year effective tax rate to be a benefit of between 2% and 5% which reflects the $168 million income tax benefit recognized in the first quarter. For the balance of 2020, we still expect that expense as a percent of pretax income of between 19% to 22%. Cash taxes for 2020 are now expected to be in the range of 18% to 20% of pretax income. In summary, Verisign continue to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter and we look forward to continuing our focused execution in the second half of 2020. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thank you, George. I'd like to say again that our priorities are our mission of ensuring the availability of our critical infrastructure and the safety of our people. Internet usage has increased during the pandemic and reliance on online services even more so. For many people who are working from home and isolating at home, online services are critical and more businesses and individuals and network depend on internet infrastructure for their livelihood. Our record of dotcom and Verisign for their hard work in maintaining our uptime record even during the pandemic. Given that participants are dialing in remotely for this call, I'd like to walk through a few questions which we believe are on your mind before we open the call for your additional questions. The first question, with today's announced extension of the price freeze, how should we think about limited pricing flexibility you have for dotcom? First as a reminder, the wholesale price for dotcom domain names has been unchanged at $7.85 for eight years since 2012. Also as a reminder, our wholesale prices for dotcom are governed by our registry agreement with ICANN. The retain price that the end user actually pays for a domain name is set by the retail channel, which is the registrars who have no regulation of their pricing. Additionally, there's a unregulated secondary market for domain names. With that background, under amendment three to the dotcom registry agreement, Verisign is not permitted to raise the wholesale price of dotcom domain names by up to 7% in each of the final four years of every six year period. Within the current six year period, the first year in which we may increase the wholesale price ends on October 25, 2021 and we expect to effectuate a dotcom wholesale price increase before that October 21 date -- 2021 date. The second question, are there any updates on the status of dotweb? Answer, as we noted last quarter, a final hearing is currently scheduled to begin on August 03 in the Independent Review Process or IRP that affiliates initiated in November 2018. That hearing is scheduled to take place on videoconferencing. As a reminder Verisign is not a party in these IRP proceedings, but was granted the right to participate in certain limited aspects. Also as a reminder an IRP under ICANN's bylaws is for the purpose of ensuring that ICANN follow its own policies and procedures when making decisions. Our expectation is that following the resolution of the IRP the ICANN board will make the final decision on the delegation of the dotweb PLT. Question three, can you help me better understand what is impacting the increase in new registrations and the lower preliminary quarterly renewal rate for the second quarter? Most of the strength in new registrations came from registrars in North America. While we don't have the same visibility that retailers do, based on feedback from our retailers they are seeing increased demand from small businesses getting online. This strength was partially offset by slower activity from registrars in China. As it relates to the preliminary quarterly renewal rate, the year-over-year decrease is primarily related to the lower overall first time renewal rate. Year-over-year the overall previous renewal rate remained relatively consistent. Question four, are there any updates to the donations you announced earlier this year? Yes, there are. During the first quarter, we made an initial $2 million donation to organizations assisting those impacted by COVID-19 locally and nationally. During the second quarter, we made a cash contribution of $1 million to the Equal Justice initiative in support of their work. We are actively working on an expansion to our VeriSign Cares Program beyond the $3 million the company donated during the first half of the year again with a focus on providing assistance to those impacted during the COVID-19 crisis. I'm sure you have questions and I can only say that these additional efforts should be further along by the time we talk to you again next quarter. And now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And we'll now take our first question from Robert Oliver with Baird.
Robert Oliver: Great. Thank you guys for taking my question and thanks for all the color. So on if I can maybe try a little bit more remarkably the domain growth is back now above where it was pre-COVID at least lower end of the range, which is a pretty remarkable. You mentioned some of the drivers there you guys have strength, can you that a little bit more and then China weakness maybe being responsible for the lower renewal rate. Can we perhaps get a little bit more color on that above geographically as well as some of the economic puts and takes around SMBs and what you guys are seeing there and then I had one follow-up? Thanks.
James Bidzos: Okay. Rob I think I simply can try first of all let me just say that basically the strength came from predominantly North America with small businesses getting online as the geography I think we have limited visibility, but let me invite George to comment further.
George Kilguss: Yes thanks Jim and thanks for the question Rob. So as you mentioned in Q2 we basically strengthened gross additions on new registrations in North America and will say EMEA and APAC were also strongly. They also improved in the quarter year-over-year and China was a little bit lower. As far as the China gross ads they were similar to the gross ad levels we had last quarter there but they were down from year ago levels. As far as renewal rates, Jim mentioning they were down about 1.4% in total year-over-year and we saw that decline primarily manifests itself in lower first time renewal rates and they were down also in most markets that we track, keep an eye on. And as Jim also mentioned, we're a thin registry we talk to before. We don’t have direct visibility into the end user. So it's a little more difficult for us to understand the economic impact per se, but in general gross ads were very strong this quarter. Our net ads were good. They were $1.4 million with two was slightly above the second quarter of 2019 only totaled $1.3 million.
Robert Oliver: Okay. George, appreciate it and then just a follow-up and I think it makes a lot of sense on the suspension of the price increase given the pandemic and so I guess I would just ask if there's anything beyond the obvious in terms of the rationale there and then you do draw line in the sand that you guys will avail yourself of the price increase, which I believe would get you guys the four years of the final secure. I just want to make sure we understand that properly or if there anything else you can add to flush that out. Thanks again very much gentlemen.
George Kilguss: Sure thanks Rob. I don’t think I can meet that anything you summarized it accurately. We are taking another freeze of prices through March 31, 2021 that is related to the current environment via data the first year period of our available price increase is October 25, 2021 and you accurately stated that we expect to effectuate dotcom wholesale price increase before that date. I think we're ready for another question, operator.
Operator: We'll move to Nic Jones with Citi.
Nicholas Jones: The first one as you extend the waiver for retail fees, can you tell me what are the implications there? Is there kind of a building group of domain that are up that could potentially generate some money from these restore fees and maybe fall off, would you then recognize those as churn, I guess as you go walkthrough kind of the dynamic of the restore fee and provide a little bit color on is there any build out coming out and I've one follow-up after that?
James Bidzos: Okay. Let me hand it to George to answer your question.
George Kilguss: First off the impact of waiving the restore fees is immaterial to our financials and is accounted for in the revenue guidance we provided today. There is a period of time after our registrar deletes the domain name and still this is a redemption rates, it's a 30 day period and the registrar has a chance to get the name back then before those of the general availability. So those names are talking about. It's already been deleted by the registrar and so this restore fee is in addition to the standard registration renewal fee associated with the domain name renewal and we don’t disclose our wholesale restore fee which is charged for the registrar and of course they determine what the actual retail restore fee is and we've seen many registrars pass on the waiver from a retail perspective. So anecdotally we believe that small businesses and individuals are benefitting from our waiver.
Nicholas Jones: Got it. Thank you. And just one follow-up on operating margin with kind of the increased SMB interest in having a digital presence. Is there potential leverage in this sales and marketing bucket throughout the rest of the year as you don’t need to advertise or be as aggressive in an OpEx one, thanks.
George Kilguss: Thanks Nick. I mean clearly every quarter, we're looking at our expenses and making sure we're spending the appropriate amount in each of the categories to drive profitable growth in support of the business. Sales and marketing expense sequentially was up and we do have plans to continue marketing activities throughout the year, but those costs again are factored into the guidance that we provided, but we do expect to continue to invest in sales and marketing activity for the rest of 2020 year.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Couple of questions, so the new guidance for the domain growth for the full year, what have you factored in for the last two quarters in terms of the pace of new registrations and the renewal rate?
James Bidzos: George?
George Kilguss: So we don’t guide to gross registrations or renewal rates. We guide to the net zone increase. Clearly we've done pretty well here through the first half of the year and we expect that continued demand for the product but as far as what will happen specifically to the renewal rate into a quarter, gross ads, we'll wait and see. We published the gross ads, the new information in the domain name base on the left side. You can see what is going on there, but our full year guidance is the guidance we provided on breaking out quarterly.
Sterling Auty: So maybe just a follow-up and try it in a different way at least qualitatively, I think if we look at some of the previous economic cycles when we get to this point, we tend to see increased business closures and I think we saw that manifest itself in the renewal rate in the June quarter. Are you at least incorporating the idea of lower renewal rate in the back half and maybe a higher elevation in new registrations just qualitatively?
George Kilguss: We forecast or model our results that way. We do a lot of algorithmic computations and models that have proven fairly active over the prior period and we use that algorithmic model to guide us not only through the quarters here but also in our planning. It's been very reliable for us and so that's the methodology that we're looking at. It's very hard to go down and forecast demand by and end user or by a registrar of by a country level. We clearly look at those results but the data is so voluminous that we have to use algorithms that do that and the algorithms which like I said before have been relatively accurate are giving us the range that we put out here for our guidance.
Sterling Auty: That makes sense. Can you give us what the number of domain names up for renewal in the September quarter looks like and how does that compare against what you just had in June and what to really look like versus September a year ago?
George Kilguss: So the number of names that were up for renewal in the second quarter 2020 was 35.1 million. We expect 34.2 to go up for renewal next quarter in the third quarter. When I go back a year ago in the second quarter of 2019 that was closer to 33.3 million and the third quarter of 2019 was 32.6 million.
Sterling Auty: And then last one and I think I can guess the answer but I still want to ask it anyway because it's been a topic of a lot of investor conversations, you mentioned that you are going to take advantage of the price increase before the October deadline. We know you have the six-month window in terms of announcement, but based on the comments that you’ve given are you leaving open the possibility that you might at least announce the price increase prior to that March timeframe that have extended the price freezes?
George Kilguss: I am not entirely sure I understand your question, but I think maybe the answer can be determined by having a nearly state as you point out there is a six-month notice that's required to effectuate a price increase before we have to provide six months notice and obviously we will do that. The date of the expiration of the first year of the four price increases available in the six year period is October 25, 2021 and we of course prior to today's announcement are freezing wholesale prices in all of our TLDs through March 31, 2021. So I think a little bit of math could answer your question. Till that point somewhere right.
Sterling Auty: And maybe just to sneak one last one in, Go Daddy's acquisition that you saw registry assets bring let's say a stronger financially sound company into the registry operations, how do you view their entrance into the registry state and how do you think that might influence consolidation of registries moving forward?
George Kilguss: Well Go Daddy has been and is all it has been an important channel partner for us to obviously ever since probably back to when Bob Parsons started to build their company. We certainly expect that to continue. End users see tremendous value in dotcom and dotnet in those TLDs and we know that our channel partners recognize that value as well. I just should point out that vertical integration is not new. Several of other of our register channel partners also operate TLD registries. Google has Google Registry, name.com has donuts with over a 200 TLDs in it and each of those cases these registrars continue to be an important channel partner to Verisign for our TLDs. I expect those relationships to continue.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David for closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized.  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, Operator. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Thank you to everyone for joining our call today, and we hope each of you are staying safe and healthy. Joining me remotely from their respective locations are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and CEO; Todd Strubbe, President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. Thank you in advance for your patience if we experience any interference, delays or sound quality issues during today's call. This call and presentation are being webcast from the investor relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our first quarter 2020 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, a replay of the call will be posted.  Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC specifically the most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its long-standing policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure.  The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP results and 2 non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to the slide presentation, which will be found on the Investor Relations section of our website available after this call.  In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. As people work to address the global challenges posed by COVID-19, we are focused on protecting our people, managing our operations, supporting our local communities and helping small businesses through our general partners. While the issues posed by COVID-19 are unprecedented, they fall within our standard preparation for disruption caused by local, regional and global events. The company's readiness plans, which are routinely exercised, include the ability to maintain critical Internet infrastructure with most employees working remotely. We are prepared to continue to operate all of our services, including registry services for .com and .net and our route operations at the rigorous standards of performance governed by ICANN even in the demanding environment created by COVID-19.  Additionally, to help our local communities, as announced in March, we made an initial $2 million donation during the first quarter to first responders and medical personnel in the Northern Virginia area, the United Way's Worldwide COVID-19 Community Response and Recovery Fund and Semper Fi & America's Fund. Additional efforts to protect our people, manage our operations, help communities and help small business through our channel partners can be found in our company blog, which is available at verisign.com.  Now I'd like to address updates and first quarter results. I'm able to report another solid quarter for VeriSign in which we focused on our core business, expanded the domain name base and delivered consistent financial results.  On March 27, we announced that VeriSign and ICANN entered into the third amendment to the .com registry agreement and a separate binding letter of intent, which formalized a new framework for ICANN and VeriSign to work together on initiatives related to the security ability and resiliency in the domain system. We are pleased with the outcome of the process and remain confident that these agreements will serve the public interest by providing pricing certainty and by helping to hold the security, stability and resiliency in .com and the critical Internet functions it supports globally.  In addition, we announced that in light of the global disruption caused by COVID-19, we have registry fees for all TLDs, including .com and .net, through the end of 2020.  As we stated last quarter, regarding the letter of intent, one-time commitment to provide $4 million per year over 5 years beginning on January 1, 2021, for ICANN to support activities to preserve and enhance the security, stability and resiliency of the DNS and the Internet. We believe that the activities funded by this commitment will benefit the entire Internet community.  Also, as an update, in February, Todd Strubbe was promoted from Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer to President and Chief Operating Officer, further strengthening our senior management team.  Relating to first quarter operational highlights. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 160.7 million consisting of 147.3 million names for .com and 13.4 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 3.8%. During the first quarter, we processed 10 million new registrations, and the domain name base increased by 1.83 million names. Although our renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2020 will be approximately 75.4%. This preliminary rate compares to 75.0% achieved in the first quarter of 2019 and 73.8% in the fourth quarter of 2019.  By the way, our press release that we just released this afternoon has a typo. And in the sentence that I just read, in the press release, it says in the fourth quarter of 2020 instead of the fourth quarter of 2019 when it mentions the 73.8% renewal rate. So the fourth -- the first quarter -- sorry, the fourth quarter of 2019 renewal rate was 73.8%. And the typo, it says fourth quarter of 2020. That's getting ahead of yourself, I suppose. So I just wanted to point out that typo.  So back to the business. For 2020, we now expect a domain name base growth rate of between 2% and 3.75%. Recognizing the uncertainty presented by COVID-19, this updated range reflects a more cautious view of domain name base growth for the balance of the year.  During the first quarter, we continued our share repurchase program that resulted in 1.3 million shares of common stock repurchased for $245 million. At March 31, 2020, $826 million remain available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. Our financial and liquidity position remains strong with $1.139 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall liquidity and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases.  And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended March 31, 2020, the company generated revenue of $313 million, up 2% from the same quarter in 2019, and delivered operating income of $206 million, up 3% from $200 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $106 million, flat with the first quarter a year ago and lower from $112 million last quarter. The sequential decrease in operating expense is primarily a result of a decrease in sales and marketing expenses in the quarter, partially offset by the $2 million in donations that Jim mentioned earlier.  The operating margin in the quarter came to 66% compared to 65.4% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $334 million compared to $163 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2.86 in the first quarter this year compared to $1.35 for the same quarter last year. As noted in our earnings release, net income for the quarter included the recognition of $168 million of previously unrecognized income tax benefits. This income tax benefit increased diluted earnings per share by $1.44.  As of March 31, 2020, the company maintained total assets of $1.754 billion and total liabilities of $3.163 billion. Assets included $1.139 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $180 million, and free cash flow was $169 million compared with $187 million and $178 million, respectively, for the first quarter last year.  I will now discuss full year 2020 guidance. Revenue is still expected to be in the range of $1.250 billion to $1.265 billion. This revenue range forecast reflects the updated domain name base growth rate of between 2% and 3.75% that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin, which includes stock-based compensation, is still expected to be between 64.5% and 65.5%. This guidance range reflects our expectation of incremental and continued investment in our operational infrastructure, security capabilities and sales and marketing expense during the remainder of 2020.  Interest expense and nonoperating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $80 million and $85 million. This updated range reflects lower expected interest income on cash balances due to decreased interest rates. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. We now expect our full year effective tax rate to be a benefit of between 2% and 5%, which reflects the $168 million income tax benefit recognized in the first quarter. For the balance of 2020, we expect tax expense as a percent of pretax income of between 19% and 22%. Cash taxes for 2020 will not be impacted by the remeasurement of our accrual for uncertain tax positions discussed earlier and are expected to still be in the range of 18% to 21% of pretax income.  In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the quarter, and we look forward to continuing our focused execution for the balance of 2020 during this period of market uncertainty.  Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before moving to the question-and-portion of this call, I would like to acknowledge and efforts of critical staff, not only here at VeriSign but everwhere, of the hard work and commitment they are demonstrating during this crisis. We appreciate the training, skill and dedicated effort of our team, which remains focused on operating our critical infrastructure. I hope everyone remains well and continues to stay safe.  Given that participants are dialing in remotely for this call, we would like to walk through a few questions which we know are on your mind before we open the call for your additional questions. The first question I'll ask and then answer is, could you provide more information then on COVID-19's impacts to your business in terms of your infrastructure, supply chain, customers, demand for .com and .net and capital allocation? The answer is that we recognize that VeriSign operates critically within that infrastructure that's relied on now more than ever. Protecting unconditionally the infrastructure that operates registry services for.com and net as well as our root operations remains job one. The company's readiness plans, which are routinely exercised, include the ability to maintain critical Internet infrastructure with most employees working remotely. VeriSign maintains multiple redundant operation centers as well as hundreds of service locations distributed worldwide across 6 continents.  VeriSign's diverse DNS infrastructure is not dependent on a single type of technology, vendor or power source at a given location, and VeriSign technical teams across the globe are able to perform key functions from multiple locations. We are prepared to continue to operate all of our services, including registry services for .com and .net and our route operations at the rigorous standards of performance governed by ICANN even in the demanding environment created by COVID-19.  In respect to our supply chain, we're monitoring these issues and are taking action where appropriate to ensure that we continue to have everything necessary for the ongoing operation of our infrastructure. It is important to remember that our infrastructure is not dependent on a single type of technology, vendor or power source at a given location. With regards to our customers, these are clearly uncertain times for businesses and the economy. As we discussed in our blog post, we're taking actions to help small business through our channel partners. In order to support individuals and small businesses affected by this crisis, VeriSign is freezing registry prices for all of our TLDs, including common net, through the end of 2020. In addition, from April 2 until June 1, VeriSign is waiving what is known as the restore fee for .com and .net domain names. Typically, when a domain name registration is deleted by a registrar, there is a period of time during which the person who registered the name can pay a one-time restore fee to get it back before the name goes back into general availability. This helps protect registrants who may have left their domain names lapse accidentally at an inopportune time.  As it relates to demand for .com and .net domain names, you see in today's results that we saw a good demand for new registrations during the first quarter as well as an improved preliminary renewal rate. That being said, as I stated earlier, recognizing the uncertainty over the duration and economic impact of the COVID-19 crisis, the updated guidance range reflects a more cautious view of domain name base growth for the rest of the year. As a reminder, you can track the performance of the domain name base with daily updates on our website.  Finally, regarding capital allocation, recognizing that these are unprecedented times, and that is a period of market uncertainty for at least the next quarter, our capital return will be more in line with historical amounts.  Second question I'll ask and address. With amendment 3 finalized, when can you take price increases for .com? Amendment 3 for the COM Registry Agreement reflects certain changes agreed to under Amendment 35 to the cooperative agreement with the U.S. Department of Commerce, including the pricing changes, which allow limited .com price increases in each of the last 4 years of every 6-year period. The first period began on October 26, 2018. Therefore, October 26, 2020, was the earliest date that VeriSign could have taken a price increase. That said, as we announced in March, VeriSign is freezing its registry prices for all of our top-level domains, including .com and .net, through the end of 2020 in order to support individuals and small businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Also, as a reminder, the com and net registry agreements require VeriSign to provide 6 months' notice of any price increase.  Now the third and last question I'd like to answer before we take yours. Are there any updates on the stats of .web? As mentioned on our last call, we were awaiting a ruling on whether VeriSign could participate in the arbitration called an independent review process under ICANN's rules. As announced in our 10-K in February, the arbitration panel permitted VeriSign and new .co to participate in aspects of the independent review process. We do not have further updates at this time.  Now we'll open the call for your questions. As a reminder, due to the remote nature of participants, we will do our best to respond to each question, and we appreciate your patience if we experience technical issues. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question today from Rob Oliver with Baird. 
Robert Oliver: Great. And, Todd, congratulations on your promotion. Jim, you guys are already a model of efficiency, but, yes, answering your own questions takes it to a new level. You've taken most of mine, but I did want to just flush out the strong renewal rates, which were very strong, and maybe get a bit more color on what you guys are seeing in terms of domain activity. I mean, the slight tweak down of the revised range is fairly modest. And just curious what you guys are seeing and how that plays into your forecasting about any residual effects on SMBs from COVID-19?
James Bidzos: This is Jim. I'll ask George to answer the substance of your question. I would just say beforehand that there's obvious significant economic impact from COVID-19. And we're talking about Q1 here, but, obviously, this is going to last more than 1 quarter. So I would just say, again, for clarity that our more cautious view because of this crisis is reflected in all of our guidance. But George, let me have you answer the question, if you would.
George Kilguss: Sure. Rob, it's George. From a renewal rate perspective, we did see renewal rates tick up a little bit from year ago levels. When we take a deeper look, we see the previously renewed rate really being the driver of that. So we're seeing people who have renewed names previously continue to hold on to those names. And as we talked about before, that's a normal function that we've seen previously as the base stages. As we look at the domain name base performance itself, clearly here in the first quarter, as Jim mentioned, we had what actually was a good Q1. New units were up 2.1% from a year ago and delivered $1.8 million. As you mentioned, we're keeping an eye on the domain name base and demand for the rest of the year. In the quarter, we saw good strength from the United States registrars. And I would say the China market was a little softer, but the strength from the U.S. registrars really outpaced that and overcompensated for that, helping the domain name base to continue to grow here in Q1.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nick Jones with Citi.
Nicholas Jones: Just two quick ones, one on the .com pricing agreement. I guess, just one on the timing without, I guess, asking for specific timing. But as you aren't taking any pricing increases in 2020, are you able to tick the October 26, say, in early 2021? And if you were to take it in 2021, the way the contract reads, are you then not able to take the October 26, 2021? Ultimately, could you do 2 prices -- 2 increases in the same year? I'm not sure if you follow me, but that's my first one. And then I have a quick follow-up.
James Bidzos: Okay. Well, I think the best way I can answer your question. First of all, let me just say that your question is actually sort of getting to a process that we employ. So rather than try to interpret that on the fly, let me just give you some facts about that. Under Amendment 3 that, I think, will be helpful to answer your question, under Amendment 3 to the COM agreement, VeriSign `is allowed to take a price increase in each of the last 4 years of every 6-year period of up to 7% over the maximum price in the preceding pricing year. Pricing year is defined as October 26 to October 25. This time frame is consistent with Amendment 35 to the cooperative agreement that established the start of the 6-year period as of October 26, 2018. So those are the sort of the facts of the mechanics, and I think that should help you kind of get to where you want me to.
Nicholas Jones: That does. That's helpful. That's helpful. And then the second one, just quickly on kind of new top level domain, a large registrar acquired a registry that issues new TLDs and some country code TLDs. Does that potentially increase the risk of impacting .com demand? Or is there -- do you have any thoughts around that?
James Bidzos: So I assume you're referring to GoDaddy's acquisition of NeuStar. So let me just say GoDaddy has been and is an important channel partner for us, and we expect that to continue. End users continue to see tremendous value in the common net top level domains, and we know that all of our channel partners recognize that value as well. So also, it's important to note that vertical integration is not new. Several of our registrar channel partners also operate TLD registries, including Google, which has Google Registry and Name.com, which is a registrar that owns Donuts, which is a large registry. In each case, these registrars continue to be important channel partners for VeriSign.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: George, maybe to start with you. If I look at the revenue results in the quarter, it's stronger than I would have anticipated based on the 1.8 million net names added. So can you comment? Was there something to either the seasonality of those net additions that helped revenue? Or was there any other one-time revenue or non-domain-related revenue that maybe helped the quarter?
George Kilguss: There was no non-domain name revenue that was material that we didn't have present in the fourth quarter. I think what may be impacting your perception is we had a very, very strong fourth quarter. And so we had quite a few domains come in the fourth quarter, and that's just waterfalling here into the first quarter and helping us getting a little bit of a tailwind here in Q1.
Sterling Auty: Okay, great. And then on the GoDaddy acquisition of NeuStar, I'd like to look at it this way. Does this change or influence what you might think about doing with. Web and vertical integration or perhaps in terms of future consolidation of registries?
James Bidzos: I really -- I don't see that it really has any impact on any thinking about that. As I said, this is not the first time that a registrar has become a registry. There are several of them out there, and those relationships work fine. But I think there's no update on .web, so it's early to speculate about .web per se. But at this point, no real comment to say about that. I mean, we've certainly discussed the ability to be vertically integrated, but let me just say Amendment 35 to the cooperative agreement clarified that the vertical integration within the com registry was only meant to apply to com. So we can't be vertically integrated for com. That clarification is now included in Amendment 3 to the COM Registry Agreement. And the net registry agreement doesn't have a similar clarification.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then on .web, you mentioned what update you did have. Is COVID-19 delaying the process? Or any other color you could provide would be helpful.
James Bidzos: I don't believe it has. The proceedings in this arbitration are -- actually have even preceding the COVID-19 crisis, even the appearance of COVID-19 have always been telephonic. And so it's unlike appearances in court where people need to show up and physically be there. I believe there is an upcoming hearing later this year that is at least planned to be in person, but I can't speculate about what would happen there. But everything that's gone on thus far has been telephonic. So thus far, there's been no slowdown. Beyond that, I can't speculate about what will happen.
Sterling Auty: So you mentioned that there is an in-person one later this year. So does that kind of give us an indication that there would not be a resolution to .web, let's say, over the next quarter or so?
James Bidzos: I can't speculate about exactly what will happen when. I just know that there was a hearing that was at least planned to be an in-person hearing. I don't know if that's subject change or not. I'm not familiar with that level of detail with the rules, the flexibility or the plans or what impact the COVID-19 crisis may have on that particular plan. I just know that things have proceeded so far because, again, all of the proceedings of literally everyone has been telephonic.
Sterling Auty: Got it. And last question. You talked about the supply chains. What does the capacity utilization in the VeriSign network look like today? Do you have ample overhead to handle some of the spikes that we're seeing. Some of the traffic data coming out of Akamai and others showed some pretty significant Internet usage. How is the resiliency from just the performance in capacity utilization within the VeriSign network?
James Bidzos: We are very pleased with the performance of our network under increased traffic loads. It's designed with considerable excess capacity. And as I stated earlier, we are -- we planned for situations like this, which certainly, the -- not just from the work-from-home environment perspective, but also from an increased traffic capacity. Excess capacity to deal with traffic loads has always been a design criteria in our network, and we're accommodating traffic without issues.
Operator: That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, Operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 16:50:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Recording of this call is not permitted unless preauthorized. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations Web site, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its long-standing policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thanks, David. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign that caps off not only a solid year but also a strong decade in which we’ve focused on our core business, expanded the domain name base and returned value to our shareholders. In 2019, we marked more than 22 years of uninterrupted availability for the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net. 2019 was also a strong year for the .com and .net domain name base as we processed a record 40.3 million registrations and concluded the year with 158.8 million names. Finally, 2019 was characterized by solid financial performance with revenues of 1,232 million and free cash flow of 714 million. On January 3, VeriSign and ICANN announced a proposed agreement to amend the .com registry agreement and the new proposed framework for working together on initiatives related to the security, stability and resiliency of the domain name system in the form of a binding Letter of Intent between the two organizations. Together, these agreements fulfill commitments that ICANN and VeriSign made in 2016 when the .com registry agreement was previously amended. The new proposed amendment updates the .com registry agreement to reflect certain changes under amendment 35 to the cooperative agreement with the U.S. Department of Commerce, including the pricing changes. According to the terms of the proposed Letter of Intent, VeriSign will have a one-time commitment to provide $4 million per year over five years beginning on January 1, 2021 for ICANN to support activities to preserve and enhance the security, stability and resiliency of the DNS and the Internet. We believe that the activities funded by this commitment will benefit the entire Internet community. ICANN's public comment period for these two documents closes February 14. The steps that follow the comment periods closing according to ICANN's Web site are that ICANN staff will prepare a report of the public comments by March 6, 2020 and then ICANN will submit the report to its Board of Directors. Now I’ll discuss fourth quarter operational highlights. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 158.8 million consisting of 145.4 million names for .com and 13.4 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 3.9%. During the fourth quarter, we processed 10.3 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.46 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2019 will be approximately 73.7%. This preliminary rate compares to 74.3% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2018 and 72.2% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Looking forward to 2020, we expect the domain name base growth rate of between 2% and 4%. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1 million shares of common stock for 195 million. During the full year 2019, we repurchased 3.9 million shares for 738 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for share repurchase by approximately 743 million to a total of 1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program, which has no expiration. Our financial position remains strong with 1,218 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Lastly, regarding .web, as we mentioned last quarter, a hearing on VeriSign and NBC's request to participate in the arbitration process was held last year. We expect a ruling on our request in 2019, but we have been told by the panel that it now hopes to issue its ruling this month. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the company generated revenue of 1,242 million, up 1.4% from 2018 and delivered GAAP operating income of 806 million, up 5% from 767 million a year ago. As a reminder, revenue growth during 2019 was partially offset by lower revenue from our divested security services business as most customers’ contracts transition to the buyer during the year. For the full year 2019, revenue from U.S. customers was 63% of total with 37% coming from foreign customers. Fourth quarter revenue came to 311 million, up 1% year-over-year. GAAP operating expense totaled 112 million compared to 103 million last quarter and 113 million in the fourth quarter a year ago. The quarter-over-quarter increase in operating expense is primarily a result of increased investment in our business, including increased sales and marketing programs as well as investments in our operational infrastructure and security capabilities. Fourth quarter operating income totaled 199 million compared with 194 million in the same quarter of 2018. The operating margin in the quarter came to 63.9% compared to 63.1% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled 148 million compared to 182 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.26 in the fourth quarter this year compared to $1.50 for the same quarter last year. For the year-over-year competitive results, remember that 2018 results included the gain on the sale of our security services business which increased fourth quarter 2018 GAAP net income by 52 million and earnings per share by $0.43. Related to non-GAAP results, fourth quarter 2019 non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes 12 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $100 million and was higher sequentially for the reasons I discussed earlier and slightly lower than fourth quarter 2018 levels. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 67.9%. Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was 154 million resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.31. Finally, the full year 2019 non-GAAP operating margin was 69.6%. As a reminder, beginning with the first quarter of 2020 results, we will no longer be presenting nor discussing non-GAAP metrics with the exception of free cash flow and adjusted EBITDA. As of December 31, 2019, the company maintained total assets of 1,854 million and total liabilities of 3,344 million. Assets included 1,218 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was 194 million and free cash flow was 185 million compared with 219 million and 211 million, respectively, for the fourth quarter last year. The year-over-year difference was primarily related to higher cash taxes in the fourth quarter of 2019 and a lower working capital benefit. I will now discuss full year 2020 guidance, which is now based solely on GAAP metrics. Revenue is expected to be in the range of 1,250 million to 1,265 million. This revenue range forecast reflects a growth rate slightly below the expected domain name base growth rate of between 2% and 4% as 2020 revenue no longer reflects any residual revenue on the security services business, which in 2019 was about $10 million. GAAP operating margin, which includes stock-based compensation, is expected to be between 64.5% and 65.5%. This guidance range reflects our expectation of incremental investment in our operational infrastructure and security capabilities during 2020. Interest expense and non-operating income net is expected to be an expense of between 68 million and 75 million. This range reflects both lower non-operating income from the transition services agreement which will cease during the first quarter and lower expected interest income on cash balances. Capital expenditures are expected to be between 45 million and 55 million. The GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be between 18% and 21%. We expect the cash tax rate for 2020 to also be within the same range. In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during 2019 and we look forward to continuing strong execution in 2020. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thank you, George. The fourth quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign capping a solid year for the company as further expansion of the domain name base and year-over-year revenue growth we generated and efficiently returned value to shareholders. We continue our work to protect, grow and manage the business while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take our first question today from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Good afternoon, gentlemen, and thank you for taking my questions. A question for you, George, just on the full year guidance, just curious if you could help us understand what might be in there in terms of – I guess we’re expecting price increases to roll in starting later this year and if that’s been factored in? And additionally on .web, I know it’s tough to know exactly when that closes, but expecting that it would in '20 obviously less meaningful, but just curious whether those were included in the guide? And then I just had a quick follow up. Thanks.
George Kilguss: Rob, we don’t guide the price increases but I can tell you in our guidance there are no price increases in the guidance.
James Bidzos: And there’s no – none of the guidance that you’ve been given includes any revenue from .web at this point.
Rob Oliver: Okay, great; very helpful. And then just as a follow up, I know you also mentioned in your prepared remarks increasing sales and marketing and just was wondering if – and domain growth obviously was strong – coming in stronger than expected. Just wondering if that’s just kind of normal channel incentive activity or if there’s anything else structural going on in terms of driving increased sales and marketing and potential increase spend going forward? Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
George Kilguss: Rob, so from a marketing perspective, I would say in general the programs and types of programs that we ran this year were similar to last year. So there’s really not a huge change. What we’re doing again, if we recall last year, we also had some seasonal increase in sales and marketing in the fourth quarter and we articulated that in our 10-Q that we filed last quarter that we expected that to go up as a percent of sales as well.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thanks, again.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Nick Jones with Citi.
Nicolas Jones: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I guess, is there anything noteworthy as far as geographic mix goes? I know China has had an impact on renewal rates given kind of the coronavirus issue there. Is that creating any challenges with registrations in that region?
George Kilguss: I’m sorry, I didn’t catch the second part of the question.
Nicolas Jones: Just wondering if kind of healthcare issues in China is having an impact on registrations or renewals?
George Kilguss: Okay. So, yes, in the fourth quarter – we had a very strong fourth quarter as Jim alluded to, 10.3 million new additions which was up from 9.5 million in the fourth quarter of '18. When we look at where that demand came from, it came from registrars based in the United States, Asia Pacific region and EMEA. So as far as renewal rates, again, they vary by geography. It’s something we keep an eye on. But as it relates to any virus over in China, we’re not seeing any impact to date but it’s something we’ll keep an eye on.
Nicolas Jones: Got it. And then one more. The investment with ICANN, can you provide a little more color around kind of what needs improvement in preservation? Is it mostly ongoing CapEx or is there anything kind of bigger that you can call out?
James Bidzos: So the question, Nick, that was about spend on the infrastructure. Was that the question?
Nicolas Jones: Yes, the 4 million per year over five years.
George Kilguss: I’m sorry. Can you just --
James Bidzos: The question about the Letter of Intent, the 4 million over five years.
Nicolas Jones: I’m just looking for a little more color on what exactly the money is going to be going towards and what needs to be improved, what needs to be preserved, is there any kind of additional color you can provide there?
James Bidzos: It’s security and stability for both DNS and for the Internet. There’s a broad variety of areas where that funding will go. There’s things such as root governance which impacts everybody, every relying party on the global Internet. ICANN’s core mission is security and stability and that’s where this funding is going. You may have followed last year, for example, ICANN executed on something called the KSK rollover refreshing the critical part of the global security system for the Internet, there’s a broad variety of areas that need additional funding that everybody, including VeriSign, of the entire global Internet community will benefit from. And so the funding in the LOI is specifically targeted in that broad security, stability and resiliency area in ICANN core mission.
Nicolas Jones: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: We will take our last question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi, guys. I got a couple of questions. First one to revisit the renewal rate, I know you mentioned that renewal rate varies by geography. But given that it was down year-on-year, any more color that you can give? Is it just mix driven where the renewal rates in each of the geographies consistent with last year, or did you see any changes in any of the renewal rates in those geographies?
George Kilguss: Sterling, as you know, renewal rates [indiscernible] period-to-period, but I think from a big picture perspective as we articulated last quarter, it really is – it seems to be a mixture of the names that we sold in the prior year coming up for renewal. We had more names being sold last year in the Asia Pacific and China region becoming a slightly large proportion of the base. And so they are having a slight impact there. But other than that, we’re not seeing huge variances. Again, I would just remind you if you look back over the last couple of years, the company’s renewal rate has been around 72% and has recently increased up into the 74% range. And while it is down year-over-year by about 60 basis points, it’s still in general improving as the base ages. So I would say remind folks that we had a pretty stable renewal rate within the company.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then following up on the 10.3 million gross additions, you basically said there is growth out of U.S., Asia Pacific and EMEA. But can you peel that back a little bit more? So 10.3 is better than what we have been seeing. I think it’s the first time you’ve done over 10 million in quite some time. Which area contributed more than what you have been seeing? In other words, which geography generated incremental growth this quarter?
George Kilguss: Well, as I said, those three were the largest contributors to the growth. Again, recall we’re a FIN registry, so what we’re reporting on is the registrations by our registrars where they are domicile to do business. So to some degree it may not be completely transparent to where the end users are. The registrars have that information not necessarily us. But our customers and registrars in the fourth quarter, the U.S. continued to remain strong as did Asia Pacific and EMEA. The only thing I’d just comment on is also what happens sometimes from year-to-year is we have new companies becoming registrars and they tend to pop up in new markets, and we have sometimes consolidation in the market where one registrar may acquire some business from another registrar. But those three regions performed well for us in the quarter.
Sterling Auty: Okay, got it. And I want to clarify. Jim, you mentioned in terms of the panel decision on .web, that’s just the final decision as to whether you can be a party to the process or what is that decision that you’re waiting for this month on?
James Bidzos: Yes, Sterling, that’s the issue before the panel. They indicated that they could rule before the end of the year, but that didn’t happen. The indication now is that they hope to rule this month. But the issue before them that they will be ruling on is the active participation by VeriSign in this process.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then back – operationally you mentioned the investments that you were making both in sales and marketing as well as some infrastructure investments. Can you kind of parse out where was the bigger portion of that investment, in which of those two areas?
James Bidzos: We’re not prepared to talk about that level of detail. There are a lot of different components to the security infrastructure investments. As you know, Sterling, we’re very different than most other registries. Many of them are actually marketing registries rather than operating registries. We operate the common net infrastructure which requires stringent performance requirements. So we make investments that are I think far beyond what most others do. There are a lot of schedule investments that we make, but as you know the cyber security threat environment is dynamic and ever changing. If there are new threats, if there are new technologies, new products that strengthen our infrastructure and our core mission, we’re not going to hesitate to make those investments. We have all of the above in the quarter along with sales and marketing. But we haven’t and I don’t think we’re prepared now to break that out in any detail.
Sterling Auty: All right. Last question is one of the questions I get frequently from investors is what your appetite and what your view would be on acquisitions and being a consolidator in the market especially now that you’ve got the ability to be a vertically integrated company outside of .com? What’s your interest level in pursuing those opportunities?
James Bidzos: I don’t think there’s any update we can provide you. There’s certainly no guidance for a particular interest. As you know, our focus is on .com and .net. We’ve actually made divestments in our VSS business. We are pursuing .web as a growth opportunity. We do have additional IDNs that we expect to deploy in the future. I think security and stability in our current growth plans that we’ve talked about are what we’re prepared to talk about. There’s not anything else that I would speculate about or guide to. I would just say that as you heard George and myself comment earlier, the guidance that we’ve given for 2020 does not include any provision for price increases, doesn’t include any revenue from .web. So we tend to be more conservative in those areas and that’s probably as much as I can tell you at this time.
Sterling Auty: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley for any additional closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to Verisign's Third Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About Verisign on verisign.com. There you will also find our third quarter 2019 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail on our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its long-standing policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Our results are in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. At the end of September, the domain name base in dot-com and net totaled 157.1 million, consisting of 144 million names for dot-com and 13.4 million names for dot-net with a year-over-year growth rate of 3.8%. During the third quarter, we processed 9.9 million new registrations, and the domain name base increased by 1.27 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2019 will be approximately 73.6%. This preliminary rate compares to 74.8% achieved in the third quarter of 2018. For 2019 full year, we now expect the domain name base growth rate to be between 3.2% and 3.7 %. As noted during our recent earnings calls, we are engaged in a process with ICANN to incorporate the terms of Amendment 35 to the Cooperative Agreement, including the pricing terms into our dot-com registry agreement. For those not familiar with this, let me remind you that under the 2016 amendment to our com registry agreement with ICANN, which extended the term of the agreement, we and ICANN also agree to negotiate in good faith to do two things; first, we agree to reflect changes to the Cooperative Agreement in the com agreement, including pricing terms. Second, we agree to amend the com agreement to include terms to preserve and enhance the security and stability of the com registry or the Internet. We believe these discussions with ICANN are nearly complete. While it will be inappropriate at this time to provide more details, I can say that we were satisfied with the results so far. As noted, this is an ICANN process and we expect that before long ICANN will be publishing for public comment the documents we have been discussing. During the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1 million shares of common stock for $194 million. Our financial position remained strong with $1.23 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. we continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim and good afternoon everyone. Third quarter GAAP results produced revenue of $308 million up 0.9% year-over-year. Operating expense totaled $103 million compared to $105 million last quarter and $111 million in the third quarter a year ago. The small sequential quarter-over-quarter decrease in operating expenses is primarily a result of the timing of spend related to some sales and marketing programs. Year-over-year the decrease in operating expenses is primarily due to lower expenses as a result of the sale of our Security Services business, as well as the timing of spend related to periodic and planned changes to and investments in our infrastructure. Operating income totaled $206 million compared with $195 million in the third quarter of 2018. The operating margin in the quarter came to 66.7% compared to 63.8% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $154 million compared to $138 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.30 in the third quarter this year compared to $1.13 for the same quarter last year. As of September 30, 2019, the company maintained total assets of $1.9 billion and total liabilities of $3.3 billion. Assets included $1.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which $511 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional third quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then provide updates to our 2019 full-year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, third quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation totaled $90 million compared to $91 million last quarter and $96 million in the third quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 70.8% compared to 70.1% last quarter and 68.7% in the same quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $161 million resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.36 based on a weighted average diluted share count of $118.6 million shares. This compares to $1.33 last quarter and $1.23 in the third quarter of 2018. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was $208 million and free cash flow was $197 million compared with the $187 million and $177 million respectively for the third quarter last year. Beginning with the first quarter 2020 earnings results, we plan to eliminate our discussion and presentation of non-GAAP measures with the exception of free cash flow and adjusted EBITDA on which we will continue to report. As a result, our full-year 2020 guidance, which we will provide on our next call, will only include GAAP metrics. This change is the culmination of the declining trend and influence of our non-GAAP adjustments over the last several years and is consistent with the evolving trends and best practices in financial reporting. Now I'd like to provide updates to our full year 2019 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.228 billion to $1.233 million narrowed from the $1.225 billion to $1.235 billion range provided on our last call. This revenue range is based on our expectation for continued growth of our domain name base for the full-year 2019 of between 3.2% and 3.7%. Our non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 69.5% and 70% increased and narrowed from the 68% to 69% range provided on our last call. Our interest expense and non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $44 million to $49 million narrowed from the $42 million to $49 million range provided on our last call. Capital expenditures in 2019 are now expected to be between $40 million and $50 million decreased from the $45 million to $55 million range provided on our last call. Cash taxes are now expected to be between $85 million and $95 million narrowed from the $85 million to $100 million range provided previously. To recap, Verisign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter of 2019. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thanks George. The third quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and year-over-year revenue growth we generated and efficiently returned value to our shareholders. We continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. And we'll now take your questions. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Rob Oliver with Baird.
MattLemenager: Good afternoon. It is Matt Lemenager on for Rob. I appreciate the comments around the ICANN Registry Agreement negotiation. So when -- as we look forward, could you remind us once the public comment period would open up, what does the timeline look like after that? I believe you have to give a six-month notification period before making you can make any formal changes in pricing. So I assume that entire review period with ICANN would be complete by kind of the April 2020 would kind of be the timeframe that it would need to be completed by? But could you just remind us what the timeline looks like after the public comment period opens?
James Bidzos: Sure Matt. Yes, let me explain how what we expect in the public comment period with the caveat that this is an ICANN process, so I can't speak with certainty and I don't speak for ICANN, but I kind of tell you what the expectation is and what they typically do. As I mentioned, we will expect them to shortly publish these documents for comment. Comment period, ICANN's comment periods are typically about 40 days. There is typically a short period where they review the comments and then after that it's normally expected that some action would be taken on approval on that process. Again, it's ICANN process, I can't tell you with certainty, but that's typically what they do and that's basically an expectation based on what they've done in the past. In terms of any price increases, we don't guide to pricing. We need to finalize this ICANN process first. So I can't offer you any details on that, but hopefully that answered your question.
Matt Lemenager: Yes, that's helpful. And then another one on kind of the newer initiatives I suppose, is there any update to dot-web and the process there?
James Bidzos: Yes, actually there is some new information since we spoke to you last quarter on dot-web. Just for the benefit, I guess if everybody else on the call for context, there was an auction for dot-web and one of the losing bidders, a company called Afilias, a competitor of ours, filed what is a form of an arbitration proceeding called an IRP in November 2018. That's against ICANN and as a reminder ICANN filed a response to the complaint. We're not a party to that arbitration, but we have filed a request asking to participate in that arbitration as an interested party, which is allowed by ICANN's rules. So the update is that since last quarter, kind of a significant update I guess is that an arbitration panel has been appointed, convened. It actually held a hearing just very recently, a couple of weeks ago on our request to request to participate, that hearing was held and we expect a ruling on that issue of our participation before the end of the year.
Matt Lemenager: Okay, got it. And then lastly just on the sales and marketing expense, is down 28% every year, I think it is a couple close in a row that has declined. I mean, do you -- is there any expectation, would that go, just trying to take the bottom [ph] of that out into 2020 it seems like with that level off at some point as we kind of do dot-web and put marketing dollars behind that, or anything, if you could give any color around the sales and marketing expense?
George Kilguss: Yes, sure Matt, this is George. So, as mentioned in my prepared remarks, the big change in expense year-over-year really is a result of sale of our VSS business. As it relates to sales and marketing, there was -- most of that expense came out of sales and marketing year-over-year. So that's primarily the year-over-year decline. As far as where sales and marketing is going in the future, we will provide -- we don’t provide guidance on the individual segments, but we will give you an idea of our expectation for next year on our call in February.
Matt Lemenager: Okay, got it, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi guys. Let's start with the renewal rate in the quarter down year-over-year, can you give us some context or color, is there any particular region or factor that led to that decline?
George Kilguss: Sure Sterling. This is George. Regarding renewal rates, our Q3 preliminary renewal rate is expected to be down about 1.2% or 73.6% year-over-year. When you consider the two major components of our renewal rates, our previous renewed rate has held consistent in the mid 80% range, both year-over-year and sequentially. However, we've seen a slight decrease in our first time renewal rate in the quarter. And while there's a variety of factors that can influence that, it for us has really been a geographic mix in the quarter. As we previously mentioned, China registrars first time renewal rate, as well as what we call the emerging markets had historically lower first time renewal rates. Then let's say more mature markets like the U.S. and Europe and as China has continued to grow for us in 2018 and again in 2019 it is really this change in geographic mix which is causing a little bit of downward pressure on the first time renewal rate.
Sterling Auty: So that makes sense, so maybe a followup is, the 9.9 million new names processed in the quarter, can you give us maybe a little bit more granularity as to what the geographic makeup of that looks like and how that has trended over the last year?
James Bidzos: Well, you point to the 9 .9 million gross adds and that's a good stack for us, I mean gross adds were up 3.5% year-over-year in the third quarter which actually was a record gross add third quarter for us, so continued good demand for the product in the third quarter here. As far as the regions of gross adds, they tend to change quarter-to-quarter depending on where registrars are fulfilling demand, but again China has done well for us in the third quarter. Third quarter we saw EMEA do pretty well for us and Asia-Pacific was doing pretty well for us as well in the third quarter.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Moving over to the negotiation with ICANN, I think there is a number of investors that just felt like, whoa why isn’t this just a slam-dunk quick put in item 35 and you're done? You know, I think from some of the comments that you've made in the earnings calls, it does seem to be more of a negotiation and negotiation usually means both sides want something. There has been some question that I get from investors as to whether the ICANN fee would go up or what other elements we might actually see? Is there any just high-level color that you can give even prior to seeing the public comment documents?
James Bidzos: So your question is specifically about when in terms of the publication for public comment? I'm not sure, you kind of lost me right at the end there.
Sterling Auty: Nope, so the…
James Bidzos: I guess that's exactly what the question is.
Sterling Auty: Yep, to be very specific, the question is, plans of negotiation should we expect that not only would we see changes to pricing coming into the Registry Agreement from the item 35 will there be other changes to the Registry Agreement since it is a negotiation?
James Bidzos: Well there is -- so I think, no I said that we can't provide any details, but I can reiterate and tell you that is an obligation to move the changes from the Cooperative Agreement which is the pricing, and we are satisfied with that process, and that is the amendment 35 pricing. There is also an obligation resulting from the 2016 extension to provide the security and stability. So I can tell you that in that process we're satisfied as well with that process, with the discussions that we have had, including security and stability. And in that process any obligations or expenses that arise from it, that's also an area where we're satisfied with the progress and also the amendment 35 pricing obviously. So hopefully that answers your question.
Sterling Auty: Yes, that makes sense. Thank you, Jim. And then last question, George just back you know as we think about the new guidance for the 3.2% to 3.7% growth in the domain overall, should we think that this would be a continuation of the trend in the renewal rate that gets us to that level for the full-year or is there any other factors that kind of weigh on it?
George Kilguss: Oh I mean, Sterling as normal there is seasonality we have in the fourth quarter i.e. there are quite a few holidays in the fourth quarter in the U.S. and abroad, and so it's obviously a combination of adds and renewal rates, but our guidance fully reflects our expectations for the full-year performance.
Sterling Auty: Thank you, guys.
Operator: We will take our last question from Nick Jones with Citi.
Nicolas Jones: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I guess thinking a little bit longer term, is there any discernible differences in kind of the number of people who are parking domains today than maybe were during the last recession and is there kind of any difference in the business today or are the profiles registrant set that you could add some color around that are different today?
James Bidzos: I think that's a very tough question to get into any specifics on, but generally I can tell you that this business has shifted steadily over the years. I mean you probably remember a few years ago when Google was making changes to its search algorithm that affected the way that people monetized domains, that affected registrar buying habits. Geography can play a role as well. People buy domains for different purposes and different geographies. So it's -- there are many purposes obviously from branding yourself and building businesses. People buy domains for defensive registration purposes. There are lots of different reasons they buy them, they vary over time, other external factors that influence them, geographies, so it's kind of hard to generalize. I can't think of any standout change or shift that I can point to that indicates any specific change or aspect of our business. As George said, this was a record Q3 with 9.9 million gross adds and so demand is good for the product, whatever the mix maybe, that's a subject for publication of some date in the future we might look at that. That's a good question, but it's really hard to sort of give you a detailed sort of granular answer to that. There is just so much activity and so many different reasons that people buy domains, and so many different types of monetization as well.
George Kilguss: Yes, and as a reminder Nick, we are thick registry, so we really, excuse me, a thin registry, so we don't see the registrars that provide that.
James Bidzos: We don’t see the registrars that provide that, so we don’t have quite as much information, but we certainly study these trends. And as I said there are diverse set of reasons that people buy domains.
Nicolas Jones: I got to appreciate it. One more, but it's kind of been the upcoming political cycle and the growing scrutiny on kind of big tack, is there any kind of increased regulatory risk that VeriSign you guys trying to implement amendment 35 as we get into 2020 or how should we think about that?
James Bidzos: We've read what you read about that, that's all we know. I haven’t read anything lately. We've read what you've read.
Nicolas Jones: Okay, well I appreciate taking my questions.
James Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please go to the investor relations department with any followup questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to Verisign's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's second quarter 2019 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations website, which is available under About Verisign on verisign.com. There you will also find our second quarter 2019 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail on our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q , which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Verisign retains its long-standing policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by Verisign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another solid quarter for Verisign. Second quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. At the end of June, the domain name base in dot-com and dot-net totaled 156.1 million, consisting of 142.5 million names for dot-com and 13.6 million names for dot-net with a year-over-year growth rate of 4.3%. During the second quarter, we processed 10.3 million new registrations, and the domain name base increased by 1.34 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2019 will be approximately 74%. This preliminary rate compares to 75% achieved in the second quarter of 2018. For 2019 full year, we expect the domain name base growth rate to be between 3% and 4.25 % narrowed from our previous range of 2.5% to 4.25%. As noted during our recent earnings calls, we are engaged in a process with ICANN to incorporate terms of Amendment 35 for the Cooperative Agreement, including the pricing terms into the dot-com registry agreement. For those not familiar with this, let me remind you that under the 2016 amendment to the dot-com registry agreement with ICANN, which extended the term of the dot-com registry. We agreement -- we and ICANN also agreed to negotiate in good faith to flow through any changes that would be made to the Cooperative Agreement, including the pricing terms, and in addition to preserve and enhance the security and stability of the dot-com registry or the Internet. These discussions with ICANN are ongoing. And at this time, there are no further details to share. Of course when appropriate, we will update you. During the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 0.9 million shares of common stock for $175 million. Our financial position remained strong, with $1.22 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter, we continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Second quarter GAAP results produced revenue of $306 million, up 1.3% year-over-year. Operating expense totaled $105 million compared to $106 million last quarter and $109 million in the second quarter a year ago. Operating income totaled $202 million compared with $193 million in the second quarter of 2018. The operating margin in the quarter came to 65.9% compared to 63.8% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $148 million compared to $128 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.24 in the second quarter of this year compared to $1.04 for the same quarter last year. As of June 30th, 2019, the company maintained total assets of $1.9 billion and total liabilities of $3.3 billion. Assets included $1.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $582 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional second quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then provide updates to our 2019 full year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, second quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $91 million compared to $94 million last quarter and $96 million in the second quarter a year ago. The slight year-over-year decrease in operating expenses is primarily a result of lower expenses as a result of the sale of our Security Services business as well as the timing of spend related to periodic and planned changes to and investments in our infrastructure. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 70.1% compared to 69.4% last quarter and $68.2% in the same quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $159 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.33 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 119.4 million shares. This compares to $1.31 last quarter and $1.18 in the second quarter of 2018. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $165 million and free cash flow was $154 million compared with $202 million and $191 million respectively for the second quarter last year. The year-over-year decline was a result of the timing of cash tax payments, which were predominantly made in Q1 last year versus occurring in the second quarter this year. Now, I'd like to provide updates to our full year 2019 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.225 billion to $1.235 billion, narrowed from the $1.220 billion to $1.235 billion range provided on our last call. Our 2019 revenue range is based on our expectation for continued growth of our domain name base for the full year of 2019 to between 3% and 4.25%. Our non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 68% and 69%, increased from the 67.5% to 68.5% range provided on our last call, and we'll continue to include certain immaterial operating costs associated with providing transition services for Security Service customers. Our interest expense and non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $42 million and $49 million and consists primarily of net interest expense, partially offset by income recognized as part of the aforementioned transition services agreement. Capital expenditures in 2019 are still expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. Cash taxes are now expected to be between $85 million and $100 million, narrowed from the $85 million to $105 million range provided previously. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter of 2019. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, George. The second quarter was another solid quarter for Verisign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and year-over-year revenue growth. We generated and efficiently returned value to shareholders. We continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. Last week, the company marked 22 years of 100% availability in the dot-com and dot-net domain name system. This achievement is a result of the dedication and expertise of our team and our specialized infrastructure. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first today from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Maybe two to kick off. Jim, can you give us an update on where things stand with the dot-web arbitration and situation?
Jim Bidzos: Hi, Sterling. Thanks. Sure. Since we last spoke to you, there has been some movement in the process. ICANN has filed a response to affiliates as complaint, which is a public response and it's posted on ICANN's website. So, there is some movement, but beyond that we don't have any update. As a reminder, one of the losing bidders in the dot-web auction, Afilias, one of our competitors, filed this arbitration in November of 2018 against ICANN trying to continue to delay the process. We're not a party to that arbitration, but we are continuing to seek to participate in the proceedings.
Sterling Auty: All right, great. And then, you noticed -- noted the initial renewal rate 74% is down. Anything in particular in terms of either the types of names that didn't renew at the same rate or a mix of first year renewals versus multi -- second time or more renewal names, anything that's being kind of call out that drove that trend?
George Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. This is George. So, as far as our renewal rates are, as you know, our preliminary renewal rate is estimated at 74%, which is down about 1% year-over-year. I'd say, one of the prime contributors is a slightly lower first time renewal rate, which is being driven by a higher proportion of names coming up for renewal from our Chinese registrars. As we've talked before, historically China like other emerging domain name markets have lower renewal rates, more than say mature markets like the US and Europe. And so, accordingly, what we're seeing is that the first time renewal rate is being impacted by this weighted average effective more Chinese names coming up for renewal.
Sterling Auty: And is that also impacting the 10.3 million new names processed towards the upper end of what we typically see. Was that also being impacted by China or what other influences did you see there?
George Kilguss: Yeah. I think the short answer is yes. As we've talked about in previous quarters, some of the big drivers are registrars operating both in China and the US, but we're seeing a lot of registrars perform well in Q2, but China continues to perform well for us.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then, just last question, given the results on the operating income and operating margin line for the first half, to get down to the full-year guidance would suggest some compression and operating margins in the back half of the year. What are going to be some of the investments and sort of things that we should look for that would cause that to happen?
George Kilguss: Yeah. Sure, Sterling. So, maybe the best way to answer that is just to talk about some of the variances year-over-year, and then I can give you some color as to the rest of the year. But year-over-year, our expenses are down by about $4.7 million, $91.4 million were end of the quarter. And the two big costs there of being down year-over-year, one is about $2.5 million of costs associated with VSS. We again sold that business last year. And then the remaining $2 million of that variance is really related to the timing of investments in telco and networking in our network. I mentioned that in my prepared remarks. As we go forward here, we -- and as we say in our Q that's filed this afternoon, we expect that we will have slight increases as a percent of revenue for both sales and marketing, for cost of goods sold and for G&A as well, but we continue to invest in our network. We'll probably still spend some more money in sales and marketing next year, and we'll continue to invest in our cyber activities throughout the year, which falls in the G&A.
Sterling Auty: All right, perfect. Thank you so much, guys.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you.
Operator: We'll hear next from Nick Jones with Citi.
Nick Jones: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I saw some headlines that ICANN uncapped dot-org pricing rate increases. Do you have any comments what ICANN -- what kind of ICANN's move may mean for the broader industry? Does it have any kind of future implications for dot-com or dot-net? Is it possible that you could get uncapped in the future or is there any kind of color or commentary you guys have around that?
Jim Bidzos: Sure. Well, these new agreements that ICANN negotiated are more like the new generic TLD program agreements in that they no longer have price caps, but they do have to practice uniform pricing and provide the customary advance notices of any changes to pricing. So implementing the pricing features of Amendment 35 to the Cooperative Agreement for us simply restores the pricing flexibility to formerly existed for com domains from 2006 to 2012, the ability to unilaterally increase prices by up to 7% 4 times during the six-year term of the Registry Agreement. So, the ICANN registry agreements for Oregon bids [Phonetic] by the way, were renewed late June and they completely lifted their price cap. So, we can't speculate of similar approach will be used for the next renewal of dot-net. And as you know, the pricing for dot-com is regulated by the Cooperative Agreement. So that's really a different animal in that process.
Nick Jones: Got it. Is there may be a tilt for ICANN to take a more hands off approach and have to be less involves sort of trend, maybe you're seeing or is it kind of -- it seems kind of more like a one-off?
Jim Bidzos: Well, I can't speak for ICANN but I can tell you that they did, as I mentioned. These agreements are now more like the generic TLD agreements and they do have roughly 1,000 of those, and those are somewhat standardized and they don't have price caps.
Nick Jones: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Our final question will be from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Matt Lemenager: Great, thanks. It's Matt Lemenager on for Rob tonight. I had a question on the -- Jim, I wanted to ask about now your ability to vertically integrate. I think on the last call you said that something you guys would put -- think about internally but no update at that time. Just wanted to see if anything changed. Is there any discussion on what that might look like or what you could look like if you chose to vertically integrate there?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. No, nothing to update since the last time we talked about that. Really nothing specific at this point that changes. We'll certainly let you know.
Matt Lemenager: But again, that's only for the non-comp TLDs?
Jim Bidzos: Dot-com is not part of that, of course. I think you're aware of that.
Matt Lemenager: Yeah.
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. But nothing to update at this point. Sorry.
Matt Lemenager: Okay. And then, just one thing on the -- do you think there is any -- it sounds like it's mostly registrars in China and the US, but I'm just looking at the $10.3 million gross new names and that accelerated -- second quarter in a row, it accelerated. Do you expect, I mean, ahead of the late October timeframe next year when prices are going to be increasing. Do you think there is any rush of people to come and buy names ahead of those price increases or the price increases maybe not substantial enough that people it may not matter and it may not drive business ahead of that?
Jim Bidzos: I really couldn't speculate on the price increase. I mean, we see demand in markets drive from continued penetration of the Internet, continued growth of e-commerce sales and people getting online. And we see those trends continuing. We think domain names in general benefit from that and we're trying to compete in the market against other TLDs in the market, internationally CCTLDs and new GTLDs for that matter. So, we just see continued demand in markets where e-commerce is flourishing and we think domains are a part of that.
Matt Lemenager: Okay, got it. And then, just my last one, the process on the dot-com pricing with ICANN. Is that something that's maybe taking longer than you thought to get that amendment or is this about the timeframe that you thought nothing outside of the time frame that you expect it to get that kind of stamp of approval from the ICANN RA amendment?
Jim Bidzos: So we're actively engaged in this process, as I said, and we won't be able to comment and don't comment on any details of discussions. And like I said in my prepared remarks, we're going through a process to incorporate the terms approved in Amendment 35, including the pricing terms into the com agreement with ICANN. But also, as part of the 2016 amendment, Verisign and ICANN, a 2016 amendment that we made back then to extend the com agreement, Verisign and ICANN agreed to negotiate in good faith the flow through those changes, including pricing, but in addition to preserve and enhance the security and stability of the com registry of the Internet. So no updates beyond that.
Matt Lemenager: Okay, all right. Thanks, Jim. Thanks, George.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn things back to David Atchley for closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Again that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining us.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's first quarter 2019 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you'll also find our first quarter 2019 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its long-standing policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David. Good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. First quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 154.8 million, consisting of 141 million names for .com and 13.8 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 4.4%. During the first quarter, we processed 9.8 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.82 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2019 will be approximately 75%. This preliminary rate compares to 75.3% achieved in the first quarter of 2018. For 2019 full-year, we now expect the domain name base growth rate to be between 2.5% and 4.25%. Last quarter, we said that we began the process with ICANN to incorporate features of Amendment 35 to the Cooperative Agreement including the pricing terms into the .com Registry Agreement. There are no updates to share at this time, but we continue to be engaged in this process that may take some number of months to complete. Just to remind those not familiar with this process under the 2016 amendment that extended the term of the .com Registry Agreement, we also agreed to negotiate in good faith the flow-through changes made in the Cooperative Agreement, including the pricing terms and to preserve and enhance the security and stability of .com or the Internet. We are negotiating these items now, and we'll update you as appropriate. During the first quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.0 million shares of common stock for $175 million. Our financial position remains strong with $1.25 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks Jim, and good afternoon everyone. First quarter GAAP results produced revenue of $306 million, up 2.4% year-over-year. Operating expense totaled $106 million, compared to $114 million last quarter and $113 million in the first quarter a year ago. Within the quarter were lower sequentially, primarily due to the elimination of approximately $3 million of costs associated with our Security Services sale last quarter, and the seasonal timing of marketing program spend. Operating income totaled $200 million, compared with $185 million in the first quarter of 2018. The operating margin in the quarter came to 65.4%, compared to 62% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $163 million, compared to $134 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.35 in the quarter this year compared to $1.09 for the same quarter last year. As of March 31, 2019, the company maintained total assets of $1.9 billion and total liabilities of $3.3 billion. Assets included $1.25 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which $685 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. During the quarter, we repatriated $249 million from our international entities net of withholding taxes. I'll now review some additional first quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then provide updates to our 2019 full year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, first quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $12 million of stock-based compensation totaled $94 million, compared to $102 million last quarter and $101 million in the first quarter a year ago. Operating margin for the first quarter was 69.4% compared to 66.7% last quarter and 66.3% in the same quarter of 2018. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $158 million resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.31 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 120.3 million shares. This compares to $1.58 last quarter and $1.07 in the first quarter of 2018. Last quarter's non-GAAP diluted earnings per share included a $0.36 benefit due to the gain related to the sale of our Security Services customer contracts. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $187 million and free cash flow was $178 million compared to -- with $90 million and $82 million respectively for the first quarter last year. Last year's first quarter 2018 cash flow included higher cash taxes related to international withholding taxes associated with last year's repatriation activities as well as higher cash interest related to our convertible debentures before they were retired. Now I'd like to provide updates to our full year 2019 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.220 billion to $1.235 billion now from the $1.215 billion to $1.235 billion range provided on our last call. Our 2019 revenue range is based on our expectation for continued growth of our domain name base for the full year of 2019 of between 2.5% and 4.25% being partially offset by the loss of revenue associated with the sale of our Security Services customer contracts. Our non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 67.5% to 68.5%, and we'll continue to include certain nonmaterial operating costs associated with providing transition services for the security service customers. Our interest expense and non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $42 million and $49 million and consists primarily of net interest expense, partially offset by income recognized as part of the aforementioned transition services agreement. Capital expenditures in 2019 are still expected to be between $45 million to $55 million and cash taxes are now expected to be between $85 million and $105 million lowered from the $95 million to $115 million range provided on our last call. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the first quarter of 2019. Now I would like to turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks George. The first quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and year-over-year revenue growth. And we generated an efficiently returned value to shareholders. We continue to work, our work to protect grow. And manage the business while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. And operator we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Q – Sterling Auty: Yeah. Thanks. Hi guys. I wondered if we could start with -- I didn't hear an update on .web, anything that you can share with us there?
A – Jim Bidzos: There are no updates from .web at this point. The process continues
Q – Sterling Auty: Okay. And then, you mentioned that there is no update yet in terms of the Registry Agreement. Is there a formal process that you're going through? Or is just the discussion and negotiation? And can you at least say whether or not there’s active discussions' going on?
A – Jim Bidzos: Well, we are engaged in the process. The process as we described it is under the 2016 amendment that extended the term of the com agreement. We've agreed to negotiate in good faith the flow-through changes that come from the Cooperative Agreement that includes, the pricing terms and also to preserve and enhance the security and stability of .com and the Internet. We're renegotiating those items now. Updates when appropriate, but I don't want to get into any particulars of the negotiation of course.
Q – Sterling Auty: Yeah. No, no. I just didn't know if there was particularly, publicly available information in terms of, if there is milestones that we should be looking for other than just a full update here as to the new agreement. I just wanted to make sure that we're covering our bases.
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, I understand. We'll update you as appropriate.
Sterling Auty: Okay. Sounds good. Two more. Just one any commentary in terms of the geographic when in terms of the name base and the gross registrations. What did you see geographically domestic/international? And specifically within international, any color that you can provide in terms of what you saw out of the various regions?
George Kilguss: Yes. Sterling, this is George. I would say consistent with the recent quarters we continue to see both the U.S. market and the Chinese registrars perform quite well and they've been a lot of the driver for the past couple of quarters and they continue to be good markets for us.
Sterling Auty: And within that Chinese portion obviously going back we have the speculative nature. Do you feel like the names being added today are healthier growth meaning that they're being driven by more fundamental reasons that will make them stickier names?
George Kilguss: I can just tell you in the data that I look at from a renewal rate perspective. I haven't seen any change in the normal renewal rates that we historically see from Chinese registrars. So obviously it was a 45-days lag, but I don't see any deviation at least year-to-date in those numbers.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then last question around the TSA post the sale of those contracts, how long is that TSA? And within other income, is there a little bit of color in terms of the magnitude of that TSA?
George Kilguss: Yeah, sure. It's a 12-month agreement. It expires in December of this year. Having said that the parties do have the ability to extend that should they desire to do so. We recognized about $4 million of income in the quarter. It's in our non -- our other income. And so it's about $1.3 million a month is the income associated with that contract.
Sterling Auty: All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. Sterling, it's Jim. Just -- you asked me about .web and I said that there is no update. But I just feel I should remind everyone that one of the losing bidders in the .web auction Afilias one of our competitors, they filed an arbitration against ICANN as you probably know trying to continue to delay the process. We're not parties to that arbitration, yet but we are actively seeking to participate in it.
Sterling Auty: Great. Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nick Jones with Citi.
Nick Jones: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Is there any kind of broader trends in nTLDs or country code TLDs that you could call out that maybe is impacting .com demand internationally?
George Kilguss: I think that, look the TLD market is a competitive market both .com and .net receive compensation from ccTLDs primarily in international markets. But new gTLD and legacy TLDs also provide competition. But we'll continue to compete effectively with those TLDs. You can see the zone they grow about 4.4% this quarter. New registrations were up about 2.1% year-over-year. So we're still competing effectively in the markets that we're in, but it is a competitive market out there.
Nick Jones: Thanks. And one follow-up on I guess the .web arbitration. What – how long or what would the process look like for VeriSign to join that arbitration and kind of get involved?
Jim Bidzos: Well, I hate to make this sound like a stock line but it is. I mean, we don't comment on any detailed aspects of any pending litigation, but it's – right now it's an arbitration between Afilias and ICANN and we're seeking as you pointed out to participate. Beyond that, I just don't have any update to provide. But as soon as we do, we'll let you know.
Nick Jones: Okay. Thank you for taking the question.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Great. Hey. Thanks guys for taking my question. Jim, sorry not to go back to .web but I think you guys had indicated on the last call that that process could take a few months. Is that something that might take longer in your experience now since it's been a few months now since Afilias had filed that arbitration? Or is there just kind of no way for us to know and there's a process? Just any color would be helpful there. Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Well, I think it's the latter. I mean, having been involved in a number of arbitrations, you obviously can't predict at what rate the wheels of justice will turn. But well, they may turn they are turning. So as soon as we have updates we'll certainly share them.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thanks. And it's come up a bit lately with clients as well as on some of your calls about the idea of kind of vertically integrating on the registrar and registry side again. I just wanted to kind of see, if I can pump you guys for your thoughts on that here quickly.
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. Nothing specific to say at this point, it's just there's nothing to add to what we've already said.
Rob Oliver: Okay. That's it for me. Thank you guys very much.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you.
Operator: And I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterwards we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another solid year for VeriSign. Fourth quarter and full year 2018 results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. 2018 was marked by strong financial performance during, which we generated revenues of $1,215 million, $661 million in free cash flow and 2018 full year non-GAAP operating margin of 67.5%. 2018 was a strong year for the .com and .net domain name base as the company processed 38.2 million registrations and finished the year with 153 million names. During the year, we marked more than 21 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net. As we announced on November 1, last year VeriSign and the Department of Commerce entered into Amendment 35 to the Cooperative Agreement. The amendment among other things permits VeriSign without further approval of the DOC to engage with ICANN to change the .com Registry Agreement to increase wholesale prices for .com domain name registrations and renewals by up to 7% in each of the last four years of each six-year period. Amendment 35 also clarifies that the vertical integration restrictions in the .com Registry Agreement on VeriSign's ability to own an ICANN-accredited registrar apply only as to the .com TLD and not to other services offered by VeriSign. Additionally, Amendment 35 also removes certain unnecessary and burdensome regulations, so that any future renewal of the .com Registry Agreement can occur without DOC approval unless VeriSign were to seek changes to certain key provisions such as further changes to pricing. Any change to the Cooperative Agreement can only be made by mutual agreement of VeriSign and the DOC except that the DOC can terminate the Cooperative Agreement at any time with 120 days' notice prior to the expiration of the term. As another update, the company completed the sale of the Verisign Security Services customer contracts on December 5, 2018. These contracts are related primarily to our DDoS and Managed DNS customers. As discussed last quarter, the sale of these non-core customer contracts will enable us to focus solely on supporting our core mission ensuring the security, stability and resiliency of our core infrastructure. Of course, the sale of these customer contracts will be a slight drag on revenue in 2019, but our continued organic revenue growth from our core domain name business is expected to offset this decrease. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 153 million consisting of 139 million names for .com and 14 million names for .net with a year-over-year growth rate of 4.5%. During the fourth quarter, we processed 9.5 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.29 million names. Although, the renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2018 will be 74.2%. This preliminary rate compares to 72.2% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2017. Looking forward to 2019, we expect the domain name base growth rate to be between 2.25% and 4.25% for full year 2019. During the fourth quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.2 million shares of common stock for $175 million. During the full year 2018, we repurchased 4.4 million shares for $600 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for share repurchase by approximately $603 million to a total of 1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program, which has no expiration. Our financial position remains strong with $1.27 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash including potential share repurchases. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the company generated revenue of $1.215 billion, up 4.3% from 2017 and delivered GAAP operating income of $767 million, up 8.4% from $708 million in 2017. Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2018 totaled $307 million, up 4% year-over-year and up by 5.5% sequentially. As it relates to fourth quarter GAAP results, operating income totaled $194 million compared with $176 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. The operating margin in the quarter came to 63.1% compared to 59.7% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $182 million compared to $103 million a year earlier, which produced dilutive earnings per share of $1.50 in the fourth quarter this year compared to $0.83 for the same quarter last year. In the quarter, we recorded a $54.8 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of Verisign Security Services customer contracts. This gain increased GAAP net income by $52 million and GAAP earnings per share by $0.43. As of December 31, 2018, the company maintained total assets of $1.9 billion and total liabilities of $3.3 billion. Assets included $1.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $504 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional fourth quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then provide our 2019 full year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, fourth quarter operating expense, which excludes $11 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $102 million compared to $96 million last quarter and $106 million in the fourth quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 66.7% compared to 68.7% last quarter and 64.1% in the same quarter of 2017. During the fourth quarter, our sales and marketing expense increased sequentially as we had additional spend on programs in the market. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $191 million resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.58 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 121.3 million shares. This compares to $1.23 last quarter and $0.96 in the fourth quarter of 2017. The gain related to the sale of our Security Services customer contracts increased non-GAAP net income by $42.8 million and non-GAAP earnings per share by $0.36 during the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was $219 million and free cash flow was $211 million, compared with $199 million and $190 million respectively for the fourth quarter last year. Now I'd like to provide our full year 2019 guidance. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.215 billion to $1.235 billion. Our 2019 revenue range is based on our expectation for continued growth of our domain name base for the full year 2019 of between 2.25% and 4.25%, being partially offset by the loss of our revenue associated with the sale of our Security Service customer contracts. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 67.5% to 68.5% and will continue to include certain non-material operating costs associated with providing transition services for Security Service customers. Our interest expense and non-operating income net is expected to be an expense of between $42 million and $49 million and consist primarily of net interest expense, partially offset by payments collected as part of the aforementioned Transition Services Agreement. Capital expenditures in 2019 are expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. And finally, cash taxes are expected to be between $95 million and $115 million. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate solid financial performance in 2018 during the fourth quarter and for the full year. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. 2018 was another solid year for VeriSign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and revenues. We generated and efficiently returned value to shareholders. We entered into Amendment 35 to the Cooperative Agreement, allowing VeriSign to engage with ICANN to amend the COM Agreement to increase the price for com domain name registrations and renewals without further approval from the Department of Commerce. We concluded the sale of our Security Services customer contracts, further increasing our focus and efforts to protect, grow and manage this unique business. The success in our core business benefits our customers employees and shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And first we'll hear from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi guys. So, ICANN 35 certainly is beneficial for you guys. But given all the moving parts, can you just simply explain what is different?
Jim Bidzos: Sure Sterling. I think most are aware that the main points I just mentioned in Amendment 35 are that we're allowed to increase prices for .com. We have more flexibility on vertical integration for services that are not .com services and there is reduced regulatory burden for both VeriSign and the government. I think your question is in practice what will be different for us VeriSign. So, I'll contrast a process before and after Amendment 35. But let me just -- let me start with what will not change. Every six years, we engage with ICANN on a .com Registry Agreement renewal for which there's a presumptive Right of Renewal. That is not changed and the next renewal of the .com Registry Agreement with ICANN will occur in November of 2024. Some parts of the agreement may be changed in that process through negotiation. However, I'd note that ICANN has not historically negotiated pricing with us deferring to DOC on pricing in prior renewals. That process -- that ICANN process is unchanged. Prior -- to pick up there, prior to Amendment 35, the process that followed that renewal with ICANN was that we would present the .com Registry Agreement as negotiated by us, VeriSign and ICANN to the DOC. DOC would then review it based on a two-pronged test of one, our performance on security and stability and two, a review of whether we were "providing registry services on reasonable prices terms and conditions." And a standard applied for these tests was called the public interest standard and then DOC's consent to the COM Registry Agreement renewal following this review was required. So, they have to consent to what we had done with ICANN. Amendment 35 founded in the public interest to allow the following; first one for us to raise .com registration and renewal prices 7% in the back four years of each six-year period; two, that the restriction on vertical integration was only intended to apply to .com; three, that the review process is now streamlined such that any NTIA review any DOC review and consent is no longer required provided that the COM Registry Agreement has not changed pricing from what's now allowed, specifically, the 7% noted -- I noted a minute ago. Also that the performance specs or SLAs in the COM Registry Agreement that we have to perform to have not been changed and also that we've not changed the vertical integration restriction on COM and that we have not changed the renewal or termination terms of the COM Registry Agreement; and five, that there's been no changes to the WHOIS services. Given all of those then consent from the NTIA or DOC to the renewal of the COM Registry Agreement is not required if these terms are not changed. So, further in such a case and absent any VeriSign and DOC mutually agreed changes, the Cooperative Agreement will automatically renew, again, without reviewing consent as is for another six-year term. So, one could see the Cooperative Agreement will automatically renew again without reviewing consent as is for another 6-year term. So one could see the Cooperative Agreement now as evergreen without further review, given the terms stay the same. NTIA has also a right to terminate the Cooperative Agreement on 120 days' notice before the end of the term. So there is one other change which is that VeriSign agrees to quote, continue to operate the .com registry in a content-neutral manner, which of course we've always done. So that's basically Amendment 35 and what will be different for us although of course parts of the Cooperative Agreement including earlier amendments that had to be modified or deleted to make Amendment 35 work were also changed. But essentially that's it. Long answer sorry about that but...
Sterling Auty: That's okay. But two -- I know these calls are relatively short typically so I'm going to take the opportunity to ask a couple of questions to follow up on it. The first one is, so the Cooperative Agreement has changed, but I haven't seen any news. Do you have to go back and actually refresh or change the .com Registry Agreement to now incorporate the same pricing parameters that's there in Item 35? Or is that kind of already de facto happened because of what you did with Item 35?
Jim Bidzos: Well historically and in this case as well there is a process for that. There's a process for moving changes from the DOC to the Cooperative Agreement into the .com Registry Agreement. ICANN has historically as I mentioned deferred to the U.S. government on matters relating to com pricing. But ICANN and VeriSign have an agreement to cooperate and negotiate -- there's a written agreement to operate -- cooperate and negotiate in good faith to amend the com registry as may be necessary for consistency with changes to the Cooperative Agreement. So we have begun that process with ICANN to amend the agreement to make these changes including pricing. And I don't think I can comment further to process. We've been through it a few times. It may take a number of months to work through it, but we'll update you as appropriate.
Sterling Auty: All right, great. And then on the vertical integration, the way that I read that if we look back through the history of Network Solutions to VeriSign to where you are today once upon a time you were both registry and registrar. This appears to open up the ability for you to be a registrar as long as it's not for .com. Is this indicating that you would be interested in entering and becoming a registrar again, perhaps for the .web?
Jim Bidzos: Well first of all it was -- as I mentioned earlier this is a clarification that, that restriction only applies to .com. So .web or any other services that we offer technically are no longer covered with this modification. How that language would apply to our business, how we would use it, how it stands today? I think is it's too early to say how that flexibility might be applied, if it's applied. But that clarification is now made and the vertical integration restriction only applies to .com. And you're right, we did have both when we acquired Network Solutions in June of 2000. And then I think it was in 2003 or early 2004 we sold off the registrar. But I think at that time the agreement read that VeriSign couldn't be vertically integrated. And I think at that time VeriSign and .com were entirely synonymous, so this clarifies that and it applies -- the restriction only applies to .com, and as I said, too early to say how or if we'll use that flexibility.
Sterling Auty: All right, great. Let me turn it over. And I will hop back in queue. Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: I am sorry.
Sterling Auty: I was saying, thank you I will turn the call over to next question.
Operator: And it looks like our last question will come from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Matt Lemenager: Thanks. It's Matt Lemenager on for Rob tonight. Guys, is there any update on .web kind of what are the remaining steps there? I know that's a process. Could you kind of help us understand what the remaining steps would be there? And then secondly on .web, what type of factors are you using to evaluate potential pricing there and what that might look like? Because I think we understand, it can be unlimited or I guess unrestricted and you can charge premium pricing like you've talked about in the past. So are there any examples of what you're using to evaluate what that premium pricing might look like?
Jim Bidzos: Thanks for the questions. So, first of all, the update that I can offer since we last spoke on the process towards delegation of .web is that one of the losing bidders in the .web auction a company named Afilias who is one of our competitors has filed an arbitration against ICANN trying to continue to delay the process. We are not parties to that arbitration yet, but we are actively seeking to join and participate in it. About your question, about pricing and what we might do two parts to that answer. Number one is, yes .web is not a regulated TLD like .com is or even like .net is. It's a TLD that would be operating under the new form the new so-called New gTLD Registry Agreement. And those agreements do not limit pricing similar to our IDNs, which are also signed up to the same form of agreement. They only require 6-month notice for any price change, but they provide complete pricing flexibility. As to what we would do, how we would do premium pricing, how we would price .web, how we're thinking about it, I think it's very premature at this stage really to say anything. And it just occurs to me too that back to Sterling's second question, he asked about, how we would use vertical integration, just to be complete. That ICANN process of incorporating all the Amendment 35 changes into the .com Registry Agreement pricing et cetera also applies to these other changes the clarification of what vertical integration restriction actually exists et cetera, so all that is subject to completing this process with ICANN that I described earlier. And I apologize I'd like to tell you more about .web, but it's just premature to talk about what we would do or how we're thinking about that at this point. But your assumptions about the flexibility that .web would offer based on the agreement, it would operate under are correct. It would not be restricted and we'd have flexibility to price premiums or whichever way we chose.
Matt Lemenager: Okay. That's helpful color. And then on the -- the next one's kind of high level. But so the domain name base for growth for 2019 the 2.25% to 4.25%, what could you tell us about what geographies are North America or international? Not looking for specific numbers or anything, but what kind of pockets of strength are you expecting there? Or which parts might be more of a headwind? Anything just directionally, no specific numbers, but what markets kind of look like they might be driving that?
George Kilguss: Well what I can tell you Matt is that in 2018 as we've been talking about all year, we've seen good growth from registrars in both the U.S. registrars, in both registrars located over in the China market. So those at least in 2018 have been good markets for us for growth. As you talk about 2019, obviously we're a global business. We factor a lot of things going on into our range. But we still expect as you -- as we talked about the domain name base to grow between 2.25% up to 4.25%. So just exactly where that growth is, I mean we're not giving a specific guidance there but we do see that there's been a good growth this year and we're looking for growth in the range that we outlined in our guidance.
Matt Lemenager: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks guys. I’ll turn it back over to Sterling
Operator: And it looks like we will be taking our final questions a follow-up from Sterling with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. We could just do this as an open forum and go back and forth. Just a couple more. I wanted to ask, I get a number of questions actually on the cash taxes and the cash tax rate. So if I just do the simplistic and look at the cash taxes here for 2019, how should we think about -- actually maybe I'll just leave it to you, how should we think about the cash tax rate both in 2019 and going forward? Is this structural and it can maintain this rate? Or should it elevate to some other level? And what would be the driving factors to that?
George Kilguss: Yeah, thanks for that Sterling. So as you know in 2018, cash taxes were about $85 million and that translates to about 12% effective cash tax rate and that's compared to our GAAP taxes of about $147 million, which if you do that math that translated into an effective tax rate of about in the low-20% range. So for 2019 as you know we've guided cash taxes to be between $95 million to $115 million. And if you do that math that still would be below our GAAP effective tax rate. And that's the result because we're still using up some foreign tax credits and state NOLs. And while we don't provide a long-term cash tax rate, we do expect our cash tax effective rate to accrete closer up to our GAAP effective rate over the next few years as we fully utilize those remaining attributes.
Sterling Auty: Excellent. And then the last one for me. You increased the share repurchase. I missed what you said. How much was left at the end of the quarter for repurchase before you went to the -- to $1 billion? And what was the thought in terms of the timing of now to expand? Because a lot of people wonder if you would lever up again and maybe get even more aggressive on the repurchase front?
George Kilguss: So, before we went back for authorization, we were just under $400 million remaining under that program before we went to the board and had it reauthorized up to $1 billion.
Sterling Auty: All right. Great. And then just that last part of it. Maybe an update on what your thought is around optimal capital structure the potential to maybe add debt and be a little bit more aggressive this year within that buyback.
George Kilguss: Yeah. As you know, Sterling we constantly review the needs of the business and we try to make our decisions that are in the best interest of the company. And as we've talked about many times that's a pretty active process we go through each quarter. Jim and I sit down and look at the specific needs. We don't have a specific leverage target that we manage to. We try to use our protect grow and manage framework to make sure that we're maintaining the optimal level of liquidity. At present, we're looking ahead to what investment opportunities we need to make the business grow and then we're thinking about what the appropriate return of capital is to shareholders. And so, I don't really have anything to report at this time. We continue to look at the marketplace and then what the needs of the business are and we'll continue to do that in a very active fashion.
Jim Bidzos: Yes and Sterling, Jim here. I would just add too that Amendment 35 was a significant event for us and in 2018 and it does afford us additional flexibility in a number of different areas, and I think we've certainly talked about that enough. But just fully understanding it, and factoring it into our strategic thinking. I think is just something that we do need to consider. And so that's a process that's underway too. So, as George said there's just really nothing specific to say about at this point.
Sterling Auty: All right. Sounds good. Thank you, guys.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to David Atchley for any final remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd. Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to VeriSign's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and an unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's third quarter 2018 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our third quarter 2018 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterwards we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Third quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $306 million, up 4.6% year-over-year and delivered solid financial performance including non-GAAP EPS of $1.23, up 23% year-over-year. During the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.1 million shares for $175 million. Our financial position remains strong with $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash including potential share repurchases. At the end of September, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled $151.7 million consisting of 137.6 million names for .com and 14.1 million names for .net. During the third quarter, we processed 9.5 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 2 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2018 will be 75%. This preliminary rate compares to 74.4% achieved in the year-ago quarter. We now expect full-year 2018 domain name base growth of between 4.2% and 4.6% with an increase to the domain name base for the fourth quarter of 2018 of between 0.9 million to 1.4 million net additions. Beginning with 2019 guidance on our next earnings call, we plan to focus our guidance related to changes in the domain name base on annual changes. Starting next year, we no longer intend to provide guidance on quarterly net additions, this change reflects our commitment to managing the business for long-term growth and stability while aligning all of our guidance to be focused on key annual business and financial metrics. The daily transparency into net additions to the domain name base which is updated twice per day will continue to be available on our website. As indicated in our earnings release today, we have entered into an agreement with NeuStar to sell the rights, economic benefits and obligations in all customer contracts related to our Security Services business. Transaction includes the sale of customer agreements related to our DDoS Protection, Managed DNS, DNS Firewall, and Recursive DNS services. We will retain our proprietary technology, network assets, critical infrastructure, software and public DNS service to focus solely on supporting our core mission which is ensuring the security, stability and resiliency of our core infrastructure. As part of the transaction, we will continue to support the Security Services customers during the transition to NeuStar pursuant to a Transition Services Agreement that is expected to be executed at closing. The transaction is subject to customary regulatory approval and is expected to close shortly following the receipt of such approval. We are committed to focusing on our core mission of providing critical Internet infrastructure including Root Zone management, operation of 2 of the 13 global Internet root servers, operation of .gov and .edu and authoritative resolution for the .com and .net top-level domains which support the majority of global e-commerce. For this reason, we're transitioning our Security Services customers to NeuStar. To update you on our discussion about the Cooperative Agreement, we are mindful of the upcoming expiration and are progressing with the NTIAs to amend the Cooperative Agreement by mutual agreement. When we are able to provide more information, we will do so. I will tell you that we are confident that an amended agreement can be executed before the expiration of the current term which is the end of November. However, until that process is complete, there is nothing more that we can disclose at this time. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. And good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the third quarter totaled $306 million, up 4.6% year-over-year and up by 1.1% sequentially. Operating income for the period totaled $195 million compared with $181 million in the third quarter of 2017. The operating margin in the quarter came to 63.8% compared to 61.9% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $138 million compared to $115 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.13 in the third quarter of this year compared to $0.93 for the same quarter last year. As of September 30, 2018, the company maintained total assets of $1.9 billion and total liabilities of $3.3 billion. Assets included $1.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which $508 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional third quarter financial metrics which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then provide updates on our 2018 full-year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, third quarter operating expense which excludes $15 million of stock-based compensation totaled $96 million, the same as last quarter and compared to $97 million in the third quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 68.7% compared to 68.2% last quarter and 66.7% in the same quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $151 million resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.23 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 122.3 million shares. This compares to $1.18 last quarter and $1 in the third quarter of 2017. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was $187 million and free cash flow was $177 million compared with $175 million and $153 million respectively for the third quarter of last year. Now, I'd like to provide updates to our full-year 2018 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.211 billion to $1.216 billion, increased and narrowed from the $1.205 billion to $1.215 billion range provided on our last call. Non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 67% and 67.5%, increased and narrowed from the 66% to 67% range provided on the last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $80 million to $84 million, decreased and narrowed from the $82 million to $89 million range provided on our last call. Capital expenditures are now expected to be between $40 million to $50 million, decreased from the $45 million to $55 million range provided on our last call. Cash taxes are still expected to be between $80 million and $90 million, unchanged from our last call. In summary, the company continues to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. The third quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and revenues. We generated and efficiently returned value to our shareholders. We continue to work to protect, grow and manage the business while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. And we will go first to Sterling Auty at JPMorgan.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Hey, guys. This is actually Ugam Kamat on for Sterling. So, you mention about your agreement with NeuStar to actually sell your Security Service, just so that we can model the out-years perfectly, how much revenue were you getting from that other business and how much margins did that particular business have?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Ugam, this is George, thanks for the question. As I'm sure you're aware, DSS is not a material contributor to our overall business. If the transaction closes before year-end, we do not expect a material impact to our 2018 guidance and we will provide 2019 full-year guidance on our Q4 call which will include any impacts from the transaction once it closes.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Okay, cool. And on the Cooperative Agreement, you mentioned that it can be amended before the expiration date, but given – if supposed say, the process continued, is there a provision where the Cooperative Agreement can be extended for six months until which you are in the negotiation period?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: I don't have any comments beyond my prepared remarks, so I'll just reiterate that we're progressing with the NTIA to amend the Cooperative Agreement by mutual agreement and that we are confident than an amended agreement can be executed before the expiration of the current term at the end of November, so more when we can.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: All right ,and if I could squeeze one last one in. If you see the operating margins for the current quarter, you see that much of the leverage came from sales and marketing expense. Is it something where it is – it will be the normal course of business that we see such kind of margins? I know you provided 2018 guidance but just from a qualitative perspective, was there a shift of timing of expenses in the quarter or is it like more that the focus of the business in terms of the investment has changed?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: So, with regard to our Q3 expenses, as you can see and from a non-GAAP basis, our total expenses were about $96 million and we're relatively flat both year-over-year and sequentially. However, as you point out, we did see some movements between the categories. Sequentially, we did have a slight decrease in sales and marketing which was offset by small increases in G&A and cost of goods sold. Now, specifically with sales and marketing sequentially we were down about $2.5 million quarter to quarter, and that primarily was a result of lower direct marketing activities in the quarter. As you may recall, we increased our direct marketing activities late in 2017 with the intent to do more in 2018. However, as we pursued more direct marketing activities outside of the U.S., we found it took and – it is taking frankly us longer to execute on those direct marketing activities abroad. So really, no change, just I would say the normal ebb and flow of how marketing expenses get deployed into the marketplace.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Awesome. Thank you so much, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to you, Matthew Wells, at Citi.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. This is Matt Wells and I'm on for Walter Pritchard. I was just curious, what was the catalyst for transitioning your Security Services business to NeuStar? Is there anything to read into the timing here relative to the co-op?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: No, this is completely independent. It is a decision we made to focus exclusively on our core mission. As you know we operate a great deal of critical infrastructure where we do resolution, of course not only for .com and .net but for .gov and .edu. We do Root Zone management, we operate 2 of the 13 Internet root service and we just decided that focus wasn't consistent with continued pursuit of that business, and transitioning it to NeuStar made sense for that reason, timing independent of anything else that's going on.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, that's helpful. I know I think last time we spoke the .web process was still hung up with ICANN and timing sounded like it was a little uncertain. Do you have any more clarity on that process or where it stands?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: No, no updates at this time. I hope to have some in the near future but nothing to say at this time.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And that's it for me.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Okay, Matt, thank you.
Operator: And moving next to Rob Oliver at Robert W. Baird.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, good afternoon. It's Matt Lemenager on for Rob. So, my question was on the sales and marketing expense as well. George, you mentioned that it was taking a little longer to execute, so is that something – should we expect that to kind of tick back up, is it still a priority to get that level deployed – those marketing expenses deployed, so is that something we should expect to tick back up going forward and maybe into 2019.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Well – as I said earlier, we'll provide 2019 guidance on our next call. But – look, we are constantly trying to invest in marketing activities. I think the goal there is for domain name sales to increase with marketing activities and we fully pursue activities that we think will drive those results. We have switched year-over-year. We have done more direct marketing this year than we've done in prior years, and I just think we've executed some great campaigns in a variety of markets. But as I said, sometimes the international markets are taking a little bit longer to get that work through. So, I don't think anything is really different there. We continue to focus and make investments in marketing and hopefully that produces increases in domain name sales.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then, my second question was on, Jim, the number of new names processes ticked up nicely this year and been kind of 9.5 million or above each quarter. What's been driving you think, was there any trends or any higher level comments that you could say driving the increase in the number of domains this year?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: I will ask George to comment. I will just say that .com is an incredibly strong brand, you hear me say this all the time and I can't emphasize it enough quite frankly. It's a brand that gets a tremendous amount of exposure, it's the brand that gives you credibility worldwide for your online presence, and I think that has a great deal to do with the continued strength that .com is showing. But George, if you'd like to add some color, please feel free.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. Matt, as you've observed Q3 was a good quarter for us, we delivered 2 million net ads in the quarter which was up from 1.5 million net ads in the third quarter of 2017, and that improvement is primarily result of gross ads. As you point out, gross ads totaled 9.5 million in the quarter. They were up from 8.9 million a year ago. And this was really the same trend that we have witnessed and reported on pretty much all year. We've had continued gross ads performance from both North American and China registrars. They seem to be performing better this year than they did previously and that's been a trend that we've seen in previous quarters and it's continued here into the third quarter. So, again I think it's the strong brand in both those markets and we'll continue to execute on marketing activities to accentuate that brand message into the marketplace.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And with no additional questions at this time, Mr. Atchley, I'll turn things back over to you for any final comments.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference call.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd. Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Unknown Speaker: kOperator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Ashley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's second quarter 2018 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our second quarter 2018 earnings release. At the end of this call the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today (00:01:36) and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterwards we will open the call for your questions. With that I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Second quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $302 million, up 4.8% year-over-year, and delivered solid financial performance including non-GAAP EPS of $1.18, up 12% year-over-year. During the second quarter we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1 million shares for $125 million. Our financial position remains strong with $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash including potential share repurchases. At the end of June, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 149.7 million, consisting of 135.6 million names for .com and 14.1 million names for .net. During the second quarter we processed 9.6 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.4 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2018 will be 74.9%. This preliminary rate compares to 74.0% achieved in the second quarter of 2017. We now expect full year 2018 domain name base growth of between 3.5% and 4.25% with an increase to the domain name base for the third quarter of 2018 of between 1.3 million and 1.8 million net registrations. To update you on our discussions about the Cooperative Agreement, VeriSign and NTIA are engaged in dialogue about amending the Cooperative Agreement and what that amendment would look like. But beyond that we don't have anything else to say at this time. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the second quarter totaled $302 million, up 4.8% year-over-year and up by 1.1% sequentially. The increase was primarily a result of improved new domain name registrations and improving renewal rates over the prior year. Operating income for the period totaled $193 million compared with $175 million in the second quarter of 2017. The operating margin in the quarter came to 63.8% compared to 60.6% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $128 million compared to $123 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.04 in the second quarter of this year compared to $0.99 for the same quarter of last year. As of June 30, 2018, the company maintained total assets of $1.9 billion and total liabilities of $3.3 billion. Assets included $1.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $569 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional second quarter financial metrics which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow, and free cash flow. I will then provide updates on our 2018 full-year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, second quarter operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $96 million compared to $101 million last quarter and $100 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 68.2%, compared to 66.3% last quarter and 65.3% in the same quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $145 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.18 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 123.2 million shares. This compares to $1.07 last quarter and $1.05 in the second quarter of 2017. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $202 million and free cash flow was $191 million compared with $181 million and $171 million respectively for the second quarter last year. Now we would like to provide updates to our full-year 2018 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.205 billion to $1.215 billion, narrowed from the $1.2 billion to $1.215 billion provided on our last call. Non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 66% and 67%, increased from the 65.5% to 66.5% range provided on the last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $82 million and $89 million, decreased from the $85 million and $92 million range provided on our last call. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. Cash taxes are now expected to be between $80 million and $90 million, narrowed from the $75 million to $95 million range provided on our last call. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. Second quarter was a solid one for VeriSign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and revenues were generated and efficiently returned value to shareholders. We continue to work to protect, grow and manage the business while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. Last week the company surpassed 21 continuous years of 100% availability in the common net DNS. This record is the result of the expertise of our people and our specialized infrastructure. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Rob Oliver with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys. Thank you very much for taking my question. And I know, Jim, that you said you won't comment on the CA. But I thought I'd give it a shot anyway. On the time line it's a November expiration so is it likely we would get some resolution on this before kind of our next earnings call? Or is it something that we would be unlikely to hear about until the actual expiration? And then I just had a quick follow-up. Thank you.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah, Rob. Nice try. Sorry, we're engaged in a dialogue with NTIA and really can't speculate on the time line. It's their process.
Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks, Jim. And then I just wanted to ask about just kind of where we are with .web and any color that you guys can provide around how that ramp might begin to look. Thank you guys very much.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure, thanks. Well, we're engaged in ICANN's process on .web to move the delegation forward but this is ICANN's process so we can't say exactly when it will conclude. We'll certainly give you updates when they're available. Operator, another one?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Hey. Hi guys, this is actually Ugam Kamat on for Sterling. So just to hit on the Cooperative Agreement, Jim, you mentioned about that you are amending the agreement with ICANN? Just so that we are clear on that one, is it ruled out about the possibility of renewing or the contract throwing away and the third possibility of amending is the one that you are taking moving forward?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, that is the statement that we made. Those others were certainly in a range of possibility. I suppose anything is possible. But the facts as they sit today that I can say speaking for both VeriSign and NTIA is precisely the statement that I made earlier, which is that we are engaged in a dialogue about amending the Cooperative Agreement and what that amendment would look like. And I guess I would just add that amendments are certainly possible by mutual agreement between NTIA and VeriSign. So again we're engaged and that's the process we're in currently.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Great.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Since that process is still ongoing I can't speculate on what's possible at the end of it. But that's the statement I'm providing today.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Great. I mean, that's helpful. And one on the like net additions for the total domain names, you are guiding to something like 4% at the midpoint. I mean, that's the best rates that we have seen so far. Like if you exclude out the China in 2015. What is driving that particular increase in the domain? Is that the cross additions that you are seeing or the high renewal rates from the existing customers that is driving that net additions up?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. This is George. As you saw in the second quarter, we had good performance in net adds from the domain name base. And in the second quarter that primarily came from improved gross adds. Gross adds were $9.6 million versus $9.2 million a year ago in the second quarter and slightly improved renewal rates which were, as Jim mentioned, the preliminary renewal rate for second quarter is 74.9%, up from 74% a year ago. And we expect those trends to continue here into the third quarter. And that really – those two factors really are the basis of our guidance.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: All right. And if I could squeeze one more in on the operating margins, I mean 68.2% has been really the peak of the margins. But you are guiding to 66%, 67% for 2018. Any particular expenses that you expect in the back half of the year that should drag the margins down from the June quarter level?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, if you look at the second quarter, you can see that our expenses, our non-GAAP expenses were down about $4 million year-over-year. And as I have mentioned before, quarter-to-quarter we do have some timing differences with some spend that we put into the business. And Q4 was lower by that $4 million. Roughly $3 million of it was in marketing and $1 million was in G&A. But we still expect to be around that $100 million expense going forward. And when we think about where they are – we'll probably see a little bit more in marketing expense go out in subsequent quarters. But we've given – we really don't guide to quarterly expense or margin. The full year guidance is what we expect we'll fall between for the remainder of the year.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: That's perfect. Really helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our last question from Matthew Wells with Citi.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. This is Matt Wells with Citi. Thanks for taking my questions. And just digging into growth in the zone file and net adds, can you just talk to where you are seeing strength geographically?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yes. I'd say similar to last quarter, Matt, we continue to see U.S. registrars do well, as well as registrars in China. But the U.S. registrars have performed well for us this year year-to-date.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Are you able to just speak directionally around the breakout between U.S. and China, net add?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, for the first half of the year -- I mean, again we know that our (00:15:10) registrars are performing well. I'd say it's fairly balanced between the two areas. I'd say the U.S. is doing a pretty good job but China continues to do well as well.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's great. Thanks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Okay, it's Jim here. Just a clarification on one answer I gave on the Cooperative Agreement, our status there. The statement I made is an accurate statement. I guess I don't speak for NTIA. That process is theirs. But the statement is an accurate statement from VeriSign. I just wanted to be clear on that.
Operator: Thank you and that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley for any additional or final closing remarks.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's first quarter 2018 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website, which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There you will also find our first quarter 2018 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. First quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $299 million, up 3.7% year-over-year, and delivered solid financial performance, including non-GAAP EPS of $1.07, up 11% year-over-year. During the first quarter, we completed the repatriation of a net $1.15 billion of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries which we intend to use in conjunction with the redemption of our convertible debentures, as George will discuss later. Also, we paused our repurchase activities during the 30-day conversion measurement period for our pending May 1 convertible bond redemption. As a result, we returned $125 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 1.1 million shares in the first quarter. Our financial position remained strong with $2.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business, and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 148.3 million, consisting of 133.9 million names for .com and 14.4 million names for .net. During the first quarter, we processed 9.6 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.91 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2018 will be 74.9%. This preliminary rate compares to 72.5% achieved in the first quarter of 2017. We now expect full year 2018 domain name base growth of between 2.5% and 3.25%, with an increase to the domain name base for the second quarter of 2018 of between 0.7 million to 1.2 million net registrations. I also want to report that we are engaged in a dialogue with NTIA concerning the cooperative agreement which is ongoing, but beyond that we don't have more to say at this time. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. Revenue for the first quarter totaled $299 million, up 3.7% year-over-year and up by 1.3% sequentially. During the quarter, 59% of our revenue was from customers in the U.S. and 41% was from foreign customers. As it relates to first quarter GAAP results, operating income totaled $185 million compared with $175 million in the first quarter of 2017. The operating margin in the quarter came to 62% compared to 60.7% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $134 million compared to $116 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.09 in the first quarter this year compared to $0.94 for the first quarter last year. As of March 31, 2018, the company maintained total assets of $2.9 billion and total liabilities of $4.1 billion. Assets included $2.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $1.8 billion were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional first quarter financial metrics, which will include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss the redemption of our convertible debentures and provide updates on our 2018 full year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, first quarter operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $101 million compared to $106 million last quarter and $101 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 66.3% compared to 65.1% in the same quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $132 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.07 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 123.5 million shares, this compares to $0.96 in both the first quarter of 2017 and last quarter. As noted in our last call, as a result of the Tax Act and beginning with this quarter's results, the tax rate used to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share is 22%. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $90 million and free cash flow was $82 million compared with $148 million and $139 million respectively for the first quarter last year. First quarter 2018 cash flow reflects approximately $61 million in withholding taxes paid in connection with the net $1.15 billion repatriation. As mentioned last quarter, in light of the Tax Act, we were evaluating our capital structure, including the possible redemption of our convertible debentures. You may have seen that on February 15, the company issued a redemption notice for all the outstanding convertible debentures. This redemption settles next week on May 1, and the company has sufficient domestic liquidity to settle the redemption. If holders elect to convert their debentures, the company intends to settle the $1.25 billion principal value in cash, and the excess value will be settled in shares of the company's stock. The actual number of shares issued for holders who elect to convert is determined based on an observation period that ran from March 15, 2018, through today. While the calculation is not yet finalized, approximately 26.1 million shares would be issued if all convertible debenture holders elect to convert. For a comparison, 25.6 million shares of dilution related to the convertible debentures was used in calculating our fully diluted shares in our first quarter results, which was based on the average share price during the first quarter. The accounting for the settlement of the debentures will occur during the second quarter. Historically, the convertible debentures were an important part of the company's capital structure. With U.S. tax reform implemented at the end of last year, many of the tax benefits generated by the convertible debentures were limited. Over time, this instrument became more equity-like in the company's capital structure, and with the diminished tax benefits post-tax reform, we decided to redeem the convertible debentures. Now, I'd like to provide you some updates to our full year 2018 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.215 billion now from the $1.195 billion to $1.215 billion provided on our last call. Non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 65.5% and 66.5%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $85 million and $92 million, decreased from the $115 million and $122 million range provided on our last call. The $30 million decrease in the range is primarily due to the redemption of our convertible notes. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. Cash taxes are now expected to be between $75 million to $95 million, change from the $70 million to $90 million range provided on our last call. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the first quarter. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. Overall, this has been another solid quarter for VeriSign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and revenues. We generated and efficiently returned value to shareholders. We continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We think our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line, and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We'll now take your questions. And operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our first question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. Wanted to start with Jim, in your prepared remarks, you talked about a discussion now going on with the NTIA regarding the cooperative agreement. Just want to make sure we level set. So, does that mean that between now and November 30, this should come to a conclusion in terms of whether they extend the cooperative agreement or let it sunset? And is there any chance that we could see an announcement prior to that November 30th date?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Let's see. Well, first of all, you're correct that NTIA may decide to extend the cooperative agreement as is or let it sunset. Additionally, VeriSign and NTIA could mutually agree to amend it per the terms of Amendment 34 of the cooperative agreement. As far as what you might see between now and then, I think this early – I mean, we're engaged, but I think it's too early to say what milestones, when and what they would look like. It's just really too early to say anything more than we did unfortunately.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just a follow-up to that. When the announcement came that they would look at the cooperative agreement before November – or at the November 30th timeline, I think there were some discussion of a public interest study, has that come up in your discussions or is there anything that's been made public around that part in the process?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. As I said, it's just – we're engaged. I don't think it'd be appropriate for me to say anything about what's come up in the discussions that we're having, but they're are ongoing. And all I can tell you is that we'll certainly keep you posted, and if there are any milestones or anything to report, we'll do it promptly.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Sounds good. And then one question on the business, looking at the domestic/international split, we went through that timeframe with the Chinese names. But I'm really curious, when you look at the international sourced growth in particular, what are you seeing in terms of where the areas of biggest growth at the moment and how do you think about the sustainability of it?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Sterling, this is George. I mean, when we talk about growth, we do think the drivers of domain name growth continue to be internet adoption, internet penetration, and continued growth of e-commerce. So, we think that those worldwide metrics bode well for our business. Where growth comes from quarter to quarter does vary. This quarter, in the first quarter, we saw good growth out of the U.S., out of China, and continued results out of our European registrars, registrars in all those areas seem to be performing well for us.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matthew Wells with Citi. Please go ahead.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, Jim. This is Matt with Citi. I wanted to ask if you had any update on .web?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Nothing. Nothing since we last spoke. And for those who weren't here or aren't familiar with what the status is, we're engaged in ICANN's process to move the delegation forward for .web. That's ICANN's process, so we can't say when it'll conclude. Just as a reminder too for all of you looking at the guidance of course, while it's possible that our operation of .web will start this year, we did not include, the 2018 revenue guidance provided does not include any revenue from .web, and we'll give you more updates as available, but unfortunately that's all I can give you now.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks on that. And I have one more question. Has .web and that purchase come up with your discussions with the NTIA at all?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: No. Our discussions with NTIA are about the cooperative agreement, .web we view separately. And the Department of Justice, of course, closed its open investigation of .web. So, it has not come up. We wouldn't expect it to.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Yes. That's helpful.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Rob Oliver with Baird. Please go ahead.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks. It's Matt Lemenager on for Rob. I've a question on the renewal rate, 74.9% this quarter is a bit higher than it's been trending. And I know we're kind of churning through the China names and things like that, and the renewal rate might be expected to go up. But was there anything that drove the 74.9% renewal rate? Because that ticked up from the highest metric at least in recent years.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. Matt, thanks. As you point out, our preliminary renewal rate of 74.9% was a good renewal rate for us, but I think as you also alluded to, when you compare that to our Q1 2017 renewal rate of 72.5%, the change there is really primarily related to a depressed Q1 2017 rate that was negatively impacted by the China surge names that were registered in the first quarter of 2016 that did not renew in the first quarter of 2017. And while 2017 was still up year-over-year when I exclude those impacts from 2017, it is still really consistent with our normal expectations of a slightly rising renewal rate associated with an aging domain name base. So, I don't think there's anything unusual to call out there, other than the base continues to age, and as a result, renewal rates tend to pick up a slight amount as the previous renewed names become a large proportion of the overall base.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks. And just given the cash repatriation, just a question I guess on capital allocation, capital structure, and then we paused the buyback this quarter a little bit. Are there any plans to step up the buyback going forward just given the new allocation structure?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Matt, as in the past, we don't guide to buybacks. We have an active capital allocation process that we look at every quarter, and we try to meet the needs of the business every quarter, and we determine through our strategic framework, protect, grow and manage how much liquidity we need to have for the business, what do we need to invest in the business, what do we need to, and then what we have to return to shareholders. So, we look at that every quarter and make a determination, but we do not provide guidance with regard to buybacks.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will be a follow-up question from Matthew Wells with Citi. Please go ahead.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, Jim. This question is along the same thread that was just asked. But when you're looking at your framework for capital allocation, does the redemption of the debt and changes to the tax law change, how you look at repurchases versus potentially issuing a dividend?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Go ahead, George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. I would say, look, whether it was post-tax reform or post-redemption of our convertible debenture, I really don't expect our capital structure or capital allocation philosophy to change. Again, we constantly review the needs of the business and we're really trying to make decisions that are in the best interest of the business. So, we clearly look at the best way to return that capital to shareholders. Historically, we felt that the share repurchases have been in the best interest of the shareholders.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we're not quite complete yet with the redemption of the bond. That process will be complete soon. We did make a repatriation of the $1.15 billion, and obviously, that will look different going forward. I think we're still really evaluating all the long-term significance of the tax law. I think the one thing I can assure you of is that, our priority of course is protect, grow and manage. And in the manage category, when it comes to making sure that we return generated value to shareholders, we're going to do that in the most efficient way possible. The philosophy that drives that hasn't changed a bit. I think you're asking a more tactical question as to whether or not some rethinking would lead to some analysis that says a dividend or some shift in or difference or reallocation of buybacks to dividends. And we don't guide to that as George said, but I think that's sort of a tactical question that our ongoing analysis would yield, and if something there changes, we would certainly share it when appropriate. But fundamentally, nothing has really changed. We're just looking at a very dynamic situation, where the tax law gives us opportunities, and we're still assessing them and looking for what's in the best long-term interest of our shareholders in terms of capital structure and capital allocation relative to our strategy of efficiently returning generated value, that hasn't changed a bit.
Matthew Wells - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That color was really helpful. Appreciate your time.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again, this concludes today's call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer Jim Bidzos - Executive Chairman, President and CEO George Kilguss - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company Matt Lemenager - Baird Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan Walter Pritchard - Citi
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. An unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go-ahead sir. 
David Atchley: Thank you, operator and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website which is available under About VeriSign on verisign.com. There, you will also find our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. 
Jim Bidzos: Thanks David and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter which kept the strong 2017 for VeriSign. Fourth quarter and full year results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long term value to our shareholders.  In 2017 VeriSign delivered strong financial performance reporting $1.165 billion in revenues, resulting in $653 million in free cash flow and generating full year 2017 non-GAAP operating margins of 65.3%. 2017 was a strong year for the .com and .net domain name base, in which the company processed 36.7 million registrations and finished the with 146.4 million links. During the year we marked more than 20 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net. Also last year we renewed the .net registry agreement for another 6 years until 2023.  During the quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.3 million for $145 million. during the full year 2017, we repurchased 6.3 million shares for $593 million. Effective today the board of directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for share repurchase by approximately $586 million to a total of 1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program which have no expression.  Our final position in strong with $2.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled $146.4 million, consisting of 131.9 million names for .com and 14.5 million names for .net. During the fourth quarter we processed 9 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 0.57 million names. During the quarter we continue to see strength from domestic registrars which was offset by a lower second time renewal rate associated with the remaining China surge names from late 2015. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2017 will be 72.2%.  We expect full year 2018 domain name base growth guidance to be between 2% and 3%. For the first quarter we expect an increase to the domain name base of between 1.5 million to 2 million registrations. I would like to comment now on a recent positive development in our efforts to become the registry operator for .web. You may have seen the 8K we filed in January, in it we disclosed that the U.S. Department of Justice's anti-trust division notified us that it had closed its investigation regarding the .web top level domain.  We're now engaged in ICANN process to move the delegation of .web forward. However as this is ICANN's process we cannot say when it will conclude and while it's possible that our operation of .web will commence this year the 2018 revenue guidance we will provide does not include any revenue from .web. Of course, we will provide with updates as appropriate. And now I would like to turn the call over to George. 
George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2107 the company generated revenue of 1.165 million up 2% from 2016 and delivered GAAP operating income of 708 million up 3% from 687 million for the full year 2016. Revenue for the fourth quarter totaled $296 million, up 3.2% year-over-year and up by 1.1% sequentially.  During the quarter, 60% of our revenue was from customers in the U.S. and 40% was from customer abroad. As it relates to fourth quarter GAAP results, operating income totaled $176 million compared with $169 million in fourth quarter 2016. The operating margin in the quarter came to 59.7% compared to 59% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $103 million compared to $106 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $0.83 in the fourth quarter of this year compared to $0.84 for the fourth quarter last year. As of December 31, 2017, the company maintained total asset of 2.9 billion and total liabilities of 4.2 billion. Assets included 2.4 billion of cash, cash equivalence and marketable securities of which 729 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad.  I'll now review some additional fourth quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. And then we'll discuss our 2018 full year guidance.  As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, fourth quarter operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation totaled $106 million compared to $97 million last quarter and $103 million in the same quarter a year ago.  Non-GAAP operating expenses were higher in the fourth quarter as we had indicated on our last call primarily due to an increase in sales and marketing spending in the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 64.1% compared to 63.9% in the same quarter of 2016.  Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $119 million resulting in a non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.96 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 124.3 million shares. This compares to the $0.92 in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $1 last quarter based on $125.5 million and $124.1 million weighted average diluted shares respectively.  Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 25.2 million shares based on the average share price during the fourth quarter compared with $20.6 million for the same quarter in 2016 and 24 million shares last quarter.  The share count was reduced by the full effect of third quarter 2017 repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the $1.3 million shares repurchased during the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was $199 million and free cash flow was $190 million compared with $205 million and $198 million respectively for the fourth quarter last year.  Now, I'd like to provide an update on implications to the company of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017, which I'll refer to as the Tax Act.  As stated in today's earnings release, fourth quarter and full year 2017 GAAP financial results include a net $9 million tax expense increase resulting from the Tax Act. This increase is comprised of a provisional income tax expense of $196 million consisting of onetime U.S. taxes on cumulative foreign earnings triggered by the Tax Act and related for withholding taxes. Both net of applying previously unrecognized foreign tax credits. This expense is offset by an income tax benefit of $187 million resulting from the revaluation of our net deferred tax liabilities from 35% to the 21% U.S. federal income tax rate in the Tax Act.  As a result of the onetime U.S. taxes on cumulative foreign earnings we also intend to repatriate by early in the second quarter of 2018 approximately $1.1 billion of cash held by foreign subsidiaries net of foreign withholding taxes based on current exchange rates.  Additionally, on a go-forward basis due to the Tax Act, annual earnings of our foreign subsidiaries will be taxed by the U.S. This allows for annual repatriation without further U.S. taxation of distributable capital reserves from foreign entities. The taxation of foreign earnings and withholding taxes associated with ongoing repatriations will increase cash taxes over the amount the company has historically paid.  Also, the lower corporate tax rates and limitations on the deductibility of interest implemented by the Tax Act, decreases the value of future interest expense deductions. In light of the Tax Act, we're presently evaluating our capital structure including the possible redemption of our convertible debentures.  Finally, since mid-2017, we've used a tax rate of 25% to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share. Looking ahead we believe the more reasonable estimate of the tax rate to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share is 22%. As a result, we will begin to use 22% non-GAAP tax rate when reporting first quarter 2018 non-GAAP results.  With respect to full year 2018 guidance, revenue is expected to be in the range of 1,195 million to 1,215 million. Non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 65.5% and 66.5%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is expected to be an expense of between $115 million and $122 million.  Capital expenditures are expected to be between $45 million and $55 million, and finally cash taxes are expected to be between $70 million and $90 million. This 2018 cash tax guidance reflects our best estimate of the various impacts of the Tax Act including the impacts of our intended repay reaction.  In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the fourth quarter and the full year 2017. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. 2017 was another solid year for VeriSign, there was further expansion of the domain name based and revenues, we generated an efficiently return value to shareholders, we renewed the .net registry agreement for another six years until 2023 and we mark more than 20 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net.  Finally, or early with this year we discuss that the U.S. Department of Justice notified as closed it investigation regarding the .net top level domain. We continued our work to protect grow advance of business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We think our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution in extent the long-term lines of growth in our top and bottom line and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner.  We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company. 
Gregg Moskowitz: In the third quarter the top five keyword searches for .com and while some form of crypto currency and black chain, how incremental do you think crypto has been in driving .com growth as over the past several months or so. 
Jim Bidzos: I don’t think I have it at the tip of my fingers that précis numbers but I don’t believe that they are materially, I've seen a lot of activity in the secondary markets of trading in comp registrations that have crypto in them. But I don’t think that there are any meaningful direct contributions to new net registrations in the numbers that we've reported.  There is just a huge amount of interest in cryptocurrencies and Bitcoin as you know now that it has the exchanges. And what we've seen I would say specifically is a spike in value in the secondary market of -- any multiple keyword names with crypto in them. 
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, thanks Jim. And then George, you have told us that you would spend more in marketing Q4 and did and then I know I'm dating myself here, but I would have to go all the way back to 2007 to find another quarter where sales and marketing expense grew this much in absolute dollars on a sequential basis. So, can you maybe just sort of give a little bit more color on the activities that you undertook in Q4 as well as what the sales and marketing strategy is for 2018?
George Kilguss: Sure. I mean keep in mind though on an annual basis, our total marketing expense is pretty flat year-over-year. As I talked about few quarters ago, we clearly look to execute on marketing programs, that we think drive the best returns for the company and sometimes those programs we have to pivot during the year and we had lighter marketing expenses as we've talked about in the middle of 2017 and we finally got some programs coming out. We didn't make a little bit of a shift away from some register our marketing programs to more direct marketing programs. We did some advertising for our brands both .com and .net both domestically and abroad. And so, we've been doing a little bit more direct marketing as a result of that. And those programs came out in the fourth quarter and will continue to run in the first half of 2018 here.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, great. And then just one last question for me. Can you expand on why your cash taxes are so much higher in 2018? And as part of that is the [indiscernible] tax yield associated with the convert? Is that less valuable going forward under tax reform?
George Kilguss: Yes. So as mentioned in my prepared remarks, from a GAAP perspective, we made an accrual for the onetime transition tax and that was partially offset by the revaluation of our DTLs and from a GAAP perspective that was about $9 million.  From a cash tax perspective, as you mentioned we're guiding to $70 million to $90 million in 2018 and that's up from about $28 million this year. As mentioned this reflects a variety of the impacts from the Tax Act including the impacts of our impended repatriation. And while I don't think it make sense with all the puts and takes with the tax calculation, I think the big items impacting the company from a cash tax perspective going forward are really the tax on foreign earnings, the U.S. tax on foreign earnings and then the U.S. limitations on interest deductions partially offset by the U.S. tax rate but that amount does include impact as well from our repatriation.  As far as interest limitations U.S. tax reforms clearly has diminished benefits for interest expense, there are some limitations there. And as a result, I mentioned we are looking at our entire capital structure, we're looking at it, we'll be evaluating it. And as our convert to part of that capital structure we'll look at them as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Oliver with Baird. 
Matt Lemenager: Good afternoon this is Matt -- in for Rob. I realize I might be early, but just looking to see if there is any plan around .web? Maybe things around go-to-market, how that might look, any different than .com would you be doing extra marketing just to get that brand up and going. Any early thoughts I realize, no expectation in the guidance or anything but any early thoughts. 
Jim Bidzos: I think it's just too early at this point to discuss any details about go-to-market or launch plan for .web. because an ICANN process that we are now engaged in with Department of Justice having closed their investigation of .web and when that process completes, I'm sure we will have a lot more to say but at this point would just be premature. 
Matt Lemenager: And on the expectations for domain growth 2% to 3% for this year, any difference in the expectations for U.S. versus international, I know you talked about strength in the economy in the United States and that the China phenomenon has kind roll of, I don’t know if any of the international markets were starting to come back. 
George Kilguss: In 2017 we absolutely have seen a good U.S. market but have been said that European markets have also done well for us, our expectation is that we will see good growth in both U.S. and international markets next year but we don’t guide to the specific markets over their performances. 
Matt Lemenager: Got it and the last question I had, on the repatriation. Would it be fair to assume that the primary use case would be for share repurchases or do you think there would be other avenues that you would look to deploy the repatriated cash?
George Kilguss: Well, I think in general, I don’t think there will be a change in how we approach capital allocation. As always, we look to need to business using our strategic frame work of protect, grow and manage and we do what we think is best for the business. As you may recall our strategic frame work includes making sure we maintain and adequate amount of liquidity for the business both today and for tomorrow, what we think the needs are to continue to invest in our protect mission for the network and our business for today and tomorrow, to invest in technology and innovation that we think will drive profitable growth for the business and then once we accomplish those goals, we then evaluate how much excess capital we think appropriate to return to shareholders and in what form. We think that frame work which we have been using for the past six years as service well and we will continue to use that frame work as it relates to the capital corporation. 
Operator: We will go next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. 
Ugam Kamat : This is Ugam Kamat on for Sterling Auty. So, Jim, you mentioned that the renewal rate out of China was disappointing, especially the second-time renewal rate. So just wondering what was the renewal rate especially in China? Like you gave the blended renewal rate, but just wondering, what was the renewal rate in China? And how many names are left? And what would be the future renewal rates that you expect to come out from this region?
George Kilguss: We don’t guide renewal rates by country as mentioned the cohort that was originally from the 2015 China search that cohort was about 1.4 million names coming into the year and that renewal rate was probably out of blended basis may be about 40%, for that cohort. So, we did have a portion of those names come out, however we were anticipating that, we did comment on that last quarter and that was in the guidance that we gave and we fell within the range of the guidance but most of that cohort now is I would say through the system if many material names. I would expect renewal rates to go back to more normalized rates. 
Ugam Kamat : All right, perfect. That's helpful. And secondly, since we are coming closer to the Cooperative Agreement date in October, any particular update that you can give us on the process that you're having with the Department of Commerce? Or any particular survey that they might have done to allow the renewal of Cooperative Agreement or just allow it to expire?
Jim Bidzos: Well, first of all, I guess just to remind everybody on the call. In late September 2016, NTIA approved the .com registry agreement to be extended to November 30, 2024. At that time, NTIA chose not to extend the cooperative agreement. So, it is currently scheduled to terminate on November 30, 2018. Whether to extend that cooperative agreement or not as NTIA's decision and their process. And so, I can't comment on that. they have the right to conduct the public interest review for the sole purpose of terminating whether or not they will exercise their right to extend the term of the cooperative agreement.  Now one update that is new since the last time we've talked is that David Redl was confirmed as the assistant secretary and administrator of the NTIA in that November of 2017. Unfortunately, there is no update I can give you there, we can't comment on Mr. Redl's appointment or the NTIA in regard to their progress related to the cooperative agreement that's theirs not ours. As soon as we can, we'll share whatever information we do have though. 
Operator: we'll take our last question from Walter Pritchard with Citi. 
Walter Pritchard: Hi thank. I think all my questions have been answered. Just one I wanted to make sure I clarified. On the tax scenario that you've outlined the $70 million to $90 million in the tax reform out of 22%. Does that contemplate within in the convert. And if not does the redeem of the convert potentially have additional tax impact beyond what you've talked about. 
George Kilguss: So, Walter as I mentioned, we're just evaluating our convertible debentures in conjunction with evaluating our capital structure. So, we're still looking at that. So, our guidance is really based on where we see today or what we're doing it, it's doesn't involve looking at any changes from that fact. We're still evaluating it. 
Walter Pritchard: And then is that 70 to 90 cash tax rate, it sounds like that doesn't mean, most companies are talking about having an 8 year [Technical Difficulty].
George Kilguss: Yeah so, I think you're referring to the transition tax, Tax Act allows you to look at your taxes and what they would have been with the Tax Act or without. So, it's a with or without calculation. And for us when we do that calculation, we expect to actually defer that amount of tax over the 8 years allowed by the Tax Act. 
Walter Pritchard: Okay. So, the 70 to 90 will that be a pretty good number of the next say several years. That include that 8-year period too?
George Kilguss: So, as we mentioned previously, we don't guide to a long-term cash tax rate. However, I would say in the short term we expect that that rate to still be below our GAAP tax rate as we use up foreign tax credits. At the end of 2017 we had about $122 million of foreign tax credits. And we now expect to utilize those over the next 2 to 3 years.
Walter Pritchard: But the 70 to 90 does includes still the benefit of some of those foreign tax credits and then those would expire at some point here. 
George Kilguss: That’s correct.
Walter Pritchard: Okay, any good detail on how much per year you can use of that 122?
George Kilguss: Like I said they will probably full utilize it over the next three years, so obviously you’re using more up in the year one and two and probably less in year three but the utilization of FTC to be perfectly candid is somewhat complex and is depended on a variety of factors, so it’s a little bit, clearly I have an idea of what they will be but it's probably premature to give that number because they can change overtime depending on how foreign income is recognized overseas. 
Operator: And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to David Atchley for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Again, this does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. James Bidzos - Executive Chairman, President and CEO Todd Strubbe - Executive Vice President and COO George Kilguss - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Matt Lemenager - Baird
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to VeriSign's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded, and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's third quarter 2017 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our verisign.com website. There, you will also find our third quarter 2017 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Third quarter results are in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $292 million, up 1.7% year-over-year, and delivered strong financial performance, including non-GAAP EPS of $1 and $153 million in free cash flow. During the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.5 million shares for $147 million. Our financial position is strong, with $2.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of September, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 145.8 million, consisting of 130.8 million names for .com and 15 million names for .net. The domain name base increased by 1.47 million net names during the third quarter after processing 8.9 million new gross registrations. Gross additions during the quarter benefited from continued strength from US based registrars. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2017 will be 74.3%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.0% achieved in the third quarter of 2016. We expected increase to the domain name base during the fourth quarter of between 0.4 million to 0.9 million registrations, which is consistent with the full year 2017 domain name base growth rate of 2.8% to 3.1%. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim. Revenue for the third quarter totaled $292 million, up 1.7% year-over-year and up by 1.3% sequentially. During the quarter, 59% of our revenue was from customers in the United States and 41% was from foreign customers. As it relates to our GAAP results, operating income in the third quarter totaled $181 million, compared with $175 million in the third quarter of 2016. The operating margin in the quarter came to 61.9% compared to 60.8% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $115 million compared to $114 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $0.93 in the third quarter this year compared to $0.90 for the third quarter last year. As of September 30, 2017, the company maintained total assets of $2.9 billion and total liabilities of $4.1 billion. Assets included $2.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $757 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional third quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2017 full-year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, third quarter operating expense, which excludes $14 million in stock-based compensation totaled $97 million, as compared to $100 million both last quarter and the same quarter a year ago. While non-GAAP operating expenses were lower in the second quarter, we do expect an increase in sales and marketing spending in the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 66.7% compared to 65.3% in the same quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $124 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 124.1 million shares. This compares to $0.93 in the third quarter of 2016 and $1.05 last quarter, based on 127.7 million and 124.0 million weighted average diluted shares respectively. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was $175 million and free cash flow was $153 million, compared with $171 million and $165 million respectively for the third quarter last year. Free cash flow in the third quarter was lower, partially due to a timing some capital expenditures. Dilution related to convertible debentures was 24 million shares, based on average share price during the third quarter, compared with 20.8 million for the same quarter of 2016 and 22.5 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of second quarter 2017 repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 1.5 million shares repurchased during the third quarter. With respect to full year 2017 guidance, revenue for 2017 is now expected to be in the range of $1.161 billion to $1.166 billion, increased and narrowed from the $1.155 billion to $1.165 billion range provided on our prior earnings call. Full year 2017 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 65% and 65.5% increased and now from the 64.5% to 65.25% range provided on our prior earnings call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $103 million and $110 million. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $45 million and $55 million, changed from the $40 million to $50 million range provided on the last call. And cash taxes for the year are still expected to be between $20 million and $30 million. The majority of expected cash taxes in 2017 are foreign, primarily because of domestic tax attributes, including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures. As we said in prior calls, these convertible debentures are an important part of our capital structure, and our intention based on current conditions is not to redeem these debentures, which will allow the cash tax benefits to continue to accrue. In summary, the company continues to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter of 2017. Now, I will turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thank you, George. In closing, during the third quarter we continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We think our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We will now take your questions. So operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will go to Rob Oliver, Baird.
Matt Lemenager: Hi. Thanks, guys. It's Matt Lemenager on for Rob this afternoon. Can you give us any update on the web civil investigative demand? I think we talked about a couple of quarters ago, is there any update on that process or how that's setting [ph]?
James Bidzos: The update is really the same, there's no new news, although there is activity, the process is ongoing. We are continuing to cooperate with the Justice Department regarding the CID that you asked about. There's an ongoing constructive dialogue. We're producing documents and information. But beyond that there's nothing new to say at this point. Of course, as soon as there is we'll let you know.
Matt Lemenager: Got it. And my next question is just, do you have any thought on - I think about speculators or squatters, as we think about the arising with things like bitcoin and the theorem and things like that. Is there any - have you guys seen the impact of people who maybe before would have been coming and buying domain. Just curious to get your thoughts on kind of the impact of bitcoin and other things like that that people may be out purchasing?
James Bidzos: I don't know of any direct relationship between people purchasing bitcoin and domain names. I can tell you that we do - we do report on trends in domain name registration and bitcoin trends frequently, consistently and often. So people are registering names related to bitcoin and cryptocurrency and those types of things. So we do see those, and we do report those registration trends. Beyond that, I don't think there's any unusual activity that we have to report.
Matt Lemenager: Got it. Thanks, guys. I'll jump back in queue.
James Bidzos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Atchley, I'll turn things over to you for any final comments.
David Atchley: Great. Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for joining us.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd. Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded, and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's second quarter 2017 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our verisign.com website. There, you will also find our second quarter 2017 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Second quarter results are in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $289 million, up 0.7% year-over-year, and delivered strong financial performance, including non-GAAP EPS of $1.05 and $171 million in free cash flow. During the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.7 million shares for $150.5 million. Our financial position is strong, with $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of June, the domain name base in .com and .net was 144.3 million, consisting of 129.2 million names for .com and 15.1 million names for .net. The domain name base increased by 0.68 million net names during the second quarter after processing 9.2 million new gross registrations. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2017 will be 73.9%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.8% achieved in the second quarter of 2016. We are updating the full year 2017 domain name base growth guidance to be between 2% and 2.75%. Also, we expect the domain name base to increase during the third quarter between 0.8 million to 1.3 million registrations. I'll comment now on a few recent events. In June, the .net registry agreement between VeriSign and ICANN was successfully renewed. The new agreement does not contain changes to the material terms such as pricing terms, renewal rights, the six-year term, or fees paid to ICANN. Also in June, we issued $550 million of senior unsecured notes with a 4.75% coupon maturing in 10 years. This offering closed in early July and we're pleased with the results of this issuance. Lastly, today we announced an increase in the annual wholesale fee for .net domain name registration, as allowed by our agreement with ICANN. As of February 1, 2018, the annual wholesale fee for a .net domain name registration will increase from $8.20 to $9.02. We believe this positions .net competitively in the marketplace while keeping .net priced lower than other popular legacy TLDs. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the second quarter totaled $289 million, up 0.7% year-over-year. During the quarter, 60% of our revenue was from customers in the U.S. and 40% was from foreign customers. As it relates to our GAAP results, operating income in the second quarter totaled $175 million, compared with $176 million in the second quarter of 2016. The operating margin in the quarter came to 60.6% compared to 61.5% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $123 million compared to $113 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $0.99 in the second quarter this year compared to $0.87 for the second quarter last year. (5:42) the second quarter include a pre-tax gain of $10.6 million on the sale of the iDefense business, which increased GAAP diluted earnings per share by $0.09. As Jim mentioned earlier, the company continues to manage its capital structure. Earlier this month we took advantage of what we felt were favorable market conditions and added another long-term fixed-rate piece of debt into our capital structure. The 10-year note issuance, which totaled $550 million, is scheduled to mature on July 15, 2027, and carried an interest rate of 4.75%. As this offering closed in early July, our second quarter ending balance sheet does not reflect the net proceeds from this issuance. As of June 30, 2017, the company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion and total liabilities of $3.5 billion. Assets included $1.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $269 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional second quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted share count, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2017 full-year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, second quarter operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $100 million, as compared to $99 million in the same quarter a year ago and $101 million in the first quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 65.3% compared to 65.4% in the same quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $130 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.05 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 124 million shares. This compares to $0.91 in the second quarter of 2016 and $0.96 last quarter, based on 130.6 million and 124.5 million weighted average diluted shares respectively. Results for the second quarter included pre-tax gain of $10.6 million on the sale of the iDefense business, which increased non-GAAP diluted earnings per share by $0.06. As noted in our last earnings call, beginning with the second quarter financials, we are now using a 25% non-GAAP tax rate when reporting non-GAAP results. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $181 million and free cash flow was $171 million, compared with $167 million and $161 million respectively for the second quarter last year. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 22.5 million shares, based on average share price during the second quarter, compared with 21.9 million for the same quarter of 2016 and 21.3 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of first quarter 2017 repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 1.7 million shares repurchased during the second quarter. With respect to full year 2017 guidance, revenue for 2017 is now expected to be in the range of $1.155 billion to $1.165 billion, increased and narrowed from the $1.145 billion to $1.160 billion range provided on our prior earnings call. Full year 2017 non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 64.5% to 65.25%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $103 million and $110 million, as compared with the $93 million to $100 million range provided on our last call, reflecting the additional senior note interest expense from the recent issuance. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $40 million and $50 million, changed from the $35 million to $45 million range provided on our last call. And cash taxes for the year are still expected to be between $20 million and $30 million. The majority of expected cash taxes in 2017 are foreign, primarily because of domestic tax attributes, including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures. As we said in prior calls, these convertible debentures are an important part of our capital structure, and our intention based on current conditions is not to redeem these debentures as they become redeemable in August of this year, which will allow the tax benefits to continue to accrue. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter of 2017. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. In closing, during the second quarter we continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We have marked some significant milestones since our last call. In addition to renewing the .net registry agreement with ICANN for another six years, earlier this month the company surpassed 20 continuous years of 100% availability in the .com and .net DNS. This record is the result of the expertise of our people and our specialized infrastructure. We believe our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trendlines of growth in our top and bottom line, and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you We'll go first to Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks. This is Matt Lemenager on for Rob. Question on the strength of the domain name activity, quarter to date, in the guidance, it's a little bit above maybe what we expected, at least a few quarters ago, at 0.8 million to 1.3 million. So as we think about what is driving that strength, is there any direction that you can point to us? Is it perhaps promotional activity, or international domain name ads? I don't know if there's any color you could add there.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: I think probably the biggest contributors there are, there is some strengthening in the economy. There's more economic activity, which generally contributes to domain name growth. But I also think the strong brands that .com and .net represent, they're strong, recognized, trusted global brands, are showing their strength and contributed to that good performance as well.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: The only other point I'd put on that, Rob, is as you saw in the first quarter, we had also good demand coming out of the U.S. market, and that strength in the U.S. continued into the second quarter.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks. And then just one other question on the expense structure. Is there any expenses that are kind of more second half weighted? As we think about the EBIT margin guidance we've kind of been above, or at the high end of that range for the full-year guide. Is there anything for the second half, that's maybe expenses that are second-half-specific, that would cause that EBIT margin to come in at that lower end of that guide?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, we provided our guidance for our non-GAAP operating margin for the full year just now, but as far as how expenses flow, what we've outlined in our 10-Q is we do expense our sales and marketing expenses to be higher in the second half of the year, but we'll continue to manage all the expenses of the business, and we expect to be within the non-GAAP operating margin of between 64.5% to 64.25% just given earlier.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Hey. Hi guys, this is Ugam Kamat on for Sterling Auty. Just to expand on the domain name question, you said about the strengthening economy in the U.S. that is driving the growth in domains. What are you seeing within the international market currently, versus what you saw about a year ago? And how should we think about it going forward?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, there's a – let me see if I understand your question properly. By international markets, I can point to one thing that has changed. We did mention in several past quarters that the so-called China surge, which began in late 2015 and continued into 2016, including the second quarter, of course, affected renewals through 2017. We believe now that, that effect, the China effect, so to speak, has pretty much pushed through the system. So I think that might be a factor. Certainly, some activity I would point to in terms of international market. There is general strong growth in the international market. But as George pointed out, some growth in the U.S. market in the first quarter continued into the second market as well. So there are good signs, there's general growth outside the U.S. and then economic activity in the U.S. has contributed to some continuing growth here.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Perfect. That's really helpful. And another one on expenses. Operating margins came somewhere around 65.3% versus somewhere 66% we were estimating. Any particular expenses that were higher within the quarter that led to the dinging of margins?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: So we did see a slight increase in G&A expense in the quarter. During the quarter we purchased some additional software licenses for the core business, and we also had slightly higher legal fees in the quarter. But again, on a non-GAAP basis, we were pretty much flat. We can consistently be around about $100 million non-GAAP operating expense level.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Okay. And if I could sneak one more in, where are you currently in the .web antitrust suit, and what is a normal procedure and timeline you're expecting with that particular suit?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, there's really no update to provide on .web at this point. With respect to our interactions with the Department of Justice, we continue to cooperate with DOJ as it pertains to the CID we discussed last quarter. That dialogue is constructive, has been constructive. We produced documents and information. We'd answered questions as needed, and we're meeting with the department. So that's an ongoing process, and beyond that, there's really nothing to say at this point.
Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan India Pvt Ltd.: Perfect. Thank you so much guys.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you very much. Good afternoon, guys. Just I guess to start off, a follow-up on one of those last questions. I was wondering if you might be able to, George, put a finer point on the amount of excess G&A expense in Q2, just for us to get a little bit more of a normalized sense of the OpEx.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, I'm not sure what you mean by excess expense, Greg. I mean, we continue to manage all the lines of expenses throughout the business pretty much on a quarterly and monthly basis. And each quarter, there's always going to be some type of expense that comes in that might not have been planned or one might call non-recurring. But I think if you continue to call those out, any expense you could almost view as non-recurring. As I said, in the quarter we did purchase some additional software licenses in the quarter, and we did have some higher legal costs in the quarter, But we will have, from time to time, the need to purchase additional software licenses in the business, and we'll have the need to spend additional money from a legal perspective for the company. And so again, I'd look back at the big picture. On a non-GAAP basis, total expense was a little over $100 million, $100.7 million. And compared to last quarter, which was a similar amount, and year-over-year, I believe it was $99 million a year ago quarter versus $100 million there. We did have a little bit higher stock-based compensation in the quarter on a GAAP basis, and that's really a function of two areas. One, since last year, we have brought on some additional senior management to the company, in particular, if you looked at our website, we brought on an SVP of Product. And then we also, as a senior management team, do have some longer-term incentive programs, and as we continue to execute on our plan and deliver on the results over and above some of the goals that were set, we do have some accelerators that get accrue there as we continue to execute. So we'll continue to try to do that. But again, from a GAAP perspective, we had a little bit more stock-based compensation. And as I said, we had a few other nits and that in the quarter. But in general, very consistent with the year-ago period as well as sequentially.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess, just one other question. As you noted in your prepared remarks, you recently issued a little over $500 million in debt. Are you looking to put that to work in relatively short order, or can you give us an update on what you plan to do with the cash? Thanks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. So as you point out, we absolutely added some additional debt to capital structure. And as you know, as a company, we try to actively manage that capital structure. One of the things that we clearly look at and monitor is our ability to raise debt in the market, our ability to execute it, and also what interest rate we can do that. And when we looked at the market, we felt that where the market was, it was an attractive time for us to go add other piece of long-term capital to our capital structure. So as far as use of proceeds, as we mentioned in the offering, we plan to use those proceeds for general corporate purposes. That would also include potential share repurchases. As you know from following us, we don't guide to share repurchases, but we try to be very prudent with the capital of the company and we'll continue to look for ways to generate positive returns for the shareholders.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And with that, I'd like to turn the conference back over to David Atchley for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Again, that does concludes today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded, and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I will turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's first quarter 2017 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our verisign.com website. There, you will also find our first quarter 2017 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site. And within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited. And our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC; specifically, the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. First quarter results are in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $289 million, up 2.4% year-over-year and delivered strong financial performance, including non-GAAP EPS of $0.96, up 12% year-over-year, and $139 million in free cash flow. As part of managing our business during the first quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.8 million shares for $150 million. Our financial position is strong with $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net was 143.6 million, consisting of 128.4 million names for .com and 15.2 million names for .net. The domain name base increased by 1.4 million net names during the first quarter, after processing 9.5 million new gross registrations. The U.S. market contributed to the better-than-expected performance. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2017 will be approximately 72.2%. This preliminary rate compares to 74.4% achieved in the first quarter of 2016. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the final renewal rate was 67.6%, compared with 73.3% for the same quarter of 2015. As noted in our prior conference calls, the portion of registrations associated with the China name search that occurred in the first quarter of 2016 continued to renew at lower-than-historic first time renewal rates in the first and second quarter of 2017, and are contributing to slightly higher deletions in the first half of 2017. In addition, Q2 tends to have slightly lower seasonal new gross registrations than Q1. Based on these and other factors, we now expect full-year 2017 domain name base growth of between 1% and 2.5%, with a change to the domain name base for the second quarter of 2017 of flat to an increase of 0.4 million net registrations. As many of you are aware, we are in a process of renewing the .net registry agreement with ICANN, as the current terms ends on June 30. On April 20, ICANN posted the new .net registry agreement for public comment, which is open until May 30. From our perspective, the posted agreement does not contain changes to the material terms such as the fees paid to ICANN, the renewal rights or the six-year term. We believe we are on track for renewal prior to the expiration of the current term agreement. Finally, as discussed during our prior earnings call, we decided it was in the best interest of the company to sell our iDefense business. The iDefense sale was completed at the start of the second quarter and VeriSign continues as a customer to benefit from the threat intelligence information provided by iDefense. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the first quarter totaled $289 million, up 2.4% year-over-year and up 0.8% sequentially. During the quarter, 60% of our revenue was from customers in the United States and 40% was from foreign customers. As it relates to our GAAP results, operating income in the first quarter totaled $175 million, up 5.1% from $167 million in the first quarter of 2016. The operating margin in the quarter came to 60.7%, compared to 59.2% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $116 million compared to $107 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $0.94 in the first quarter this year compared to $0.82 for the first quarter last year. As of March 31, 2017, the company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion and total liabilities of $3.5 billion. Assets included $1.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $316 million were held domestically, with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional first quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted share count, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2017 full-year guidance. As it relates to non-GAAP metrics, first quarter operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $101 million as compared to $103 million in both the fourth quarter of 2016 and in the same quarter a year ago. The sequential decrease was primarily a result of lower marketing spend in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 65.1%, compared to 63.3% in the same quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $119 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.96 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 124.5 million shares. This compares to $0.85 in the first quarter of 2016 and $0.92 last quarter based on 131.6 million and 125.5 million weighted average diluted shares, respectively. For the past two years, we have used a tax rate of 26% to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share. Looking ahead, we believe a more reasonable estimate of the tax rate to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share is 25%. As a result, we will begin to use a 25% non-GAAP tax rate when reporting second quarter 2017 non-GAAP results. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $148 million and free cash flow was $139 million, compared with $150 million and $143 million, respectively, for the first quarter last year. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 21.3 million shares based on the average share price during the first quarter, compared with 21.1 million for the same quarter in 2016 and 20.6 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of fourth quarter 2016 repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 1.8 million shares repurchased during the first quarter. With respect to full-year 2017 guidance, revenue for 2017 is now expected to be in the range of $1.145 billion to $1.160 billion, increased and narrowed from the $1.138 billion to $1.158 billion range provided on our prior earnings call. Full-year 2017 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 64.5% and 65.25%, increased and narrowed from the 64% to 65% range as provided on our last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $93 million and $100 million. Capital expenditures for the year are still expected to be between $35 million and $45 million. And cash taxes for the year are now expected to be between $20 million to $30 million, changed from the $15 million to $25 million range provided on our last call. As previously mentioned, the majority of expected cash taxes in 2017 are foreign, primarily because of domestic tax attributes, including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures. As we said last quarter, these convertible debentures are an important part of our capital structure, and our intention, based on current conditions, is to not redeem these debentures as they become redeemable in August of this year, which will allow these cash tax benefits to continue to accrue. The financial guidance provided reflects the completion of our iDefense asset sale on April 1, 2017. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the first quarter of 2017. Now, I will turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. In closing, during the first quarter, we expanded our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while continuing our focus to provide long-term value to our shareholders. We think that our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line, and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We will now take your questions. And, Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today will come from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions, I want to start with – I think I saw the gross additions in the quarter were 9.5 million [name registrations]. And if I compare that to pre-uplift from China, that's still pretty good. That's still up from, I want to say, like the high 8.8 million, somewhere in that range. Just wondering what you're seeing as the factors that are helping the gross additions in the quarter?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Sterling. This is George. In short, we saw increased demand from the U.S.-based registrars in the quarter, which was aided, in part, by what we call domain name-centric advertising by several channel partners in and around the Super Bowl, which happened in the February timeframe.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And looking at it, any change in duration of those names? I think you used to talk about maybe kind of 15, 16 month average durations when you average everything together. Is that still the same across the .com and .net base?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yes. That hasn't changed too much over the years. That's still very consistent.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And you mentioned lower marketing spend in the quarter versus the fourth quarter. How should we think about the marketing spend seasonality-wise through the rest of the year, so we could think about the shape of the margins towards the guidance goal?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: You are correct, Sterling. That marketing spend was down sequentially. The reason behind that is partly because Q4 was so high, we had a large amount of marketing spend going into the market in Q4. And then, with regard to our marketing spend this year, the timing of our marketing activities are more heavily weighted toward events later in the year than last year. So, as we've outlined in our 10-Q, our expectation for marketing expense is to increase as a percent of sales in the subsequent quarters.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And very last question, if I could sneak it in, I didn't get a chance to look through, but how much did you actually get? What were the proceeds for iDefense?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: We're not disclosing the sale proceeds from iDefense.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: They were not material.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: I think there might be some more information available in the next quarter since the sale actually closed in Q2, but the sale of iDefense was not a material event.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Gray Powell with Wells Fargo.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple, if I may. So I might be looking at this wrong, but when I look at the zone files, it looks like domain additions have turned negative so far in April. Your guidance is flat to plus 400,000 [domain additions]. So, I guess, is there anything going on in the first few weeks of the new quarter? Is there any like residual churn from China or just something that I'm potentially missing? Thanks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: I think you're seeing the final sort of move out of the China search names. There were some that carried over into April and we're seeing the final deletions of the so-called China search names from late 2015 and 2016.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then can you give us an update on the international transliterations of .com and .net that you have up and running today? And then just what are your expectations for additional launches over the course of the next year?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: We have three of the transliterations in market, two in Korea and one in Japan. At this point, we don't have any additional details on any additional launches. In China, we are still going through the licensing process to operate our Chinese IDNs, but no additional details to share at this time and we'll provide more information on these and future roll-outs as appropriate.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. And then last one, if I may. Just any update on the .web antitrust investigation?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: No substantive update. We continue to cooperate with the Department of Justice relative to the CID that we discussed last quarter. Those interactions and dialogues have been constructive. We're producing documents and information and answering their questions as needed. So it's an ongoing process. Nothing substantive to update now. But, of course, as soon as there is, we'll share it with you.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. David Atchley, at this time, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, Operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc. Todd B. Strubbe - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our verisign.com website. There you will also find our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited. And our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter, which capped another solid year for VeriSign. The year marked some significant milestones for the Internet community and for VeriSign with the completion of the IANA transition, our signing of the Root Zone Maintainer Service Agreement with ICANN, and the .com Registry Agreement extension amendment, which extends the .com Registry Agreement until the end of November 2024. Our fourth quarter and full year 2016 results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. During 2016, VeriSign delivered strong financial performance, including reporting $1.142 billion in revenues, expanding free cash flow to $666 million, and producing full-year 2016 non-GAAP operating margins of 64.5%. Operationally, 2016 was a solid year for the company. VeriSign processed 35.8 million new .com and .net domain name registrations, and finished the year with 142.2 million .com and .net names in the domain name base. During the year, we marked more than 19 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net. As part of managing our business, during the fourth quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 2 million shares for $160 million. During the full year 2016, we repurchased 7.8 million shares for $637 million. Effective today, the board of directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for share repurchase by approximately $641 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program, which has no expiration. Our financial position is strong with $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the year. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business, and consider the best uses for our cash including potential share repurchases. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net was 142.2 million, consisting of 126.9 million names for .com and 15.3 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 1.7% year-over-year. As noted in prior conference calls, the fourth quarter of 2016 was somewhat unique, as the volume of domain name registrations up for renewal in the quarter had a larger than normal percentage of first-time renewing registrations due to the strong performance during Q3 and Q4 2015, coming from China investors. As first-time renewing names have a lower renewal rate than previously renewed names, fourth quarter 2016 deletes were elevated and resulted in the domain name base decrease of 1.9 million net names after processing 8.8 million new gross registrations during the quarter. This larger percentage of first-time renewing names is also leading to an overall preliminary fourth quarter 2016 renewal rate of 67.5%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.3% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2015. In the third quarter of 2016, the renewal rate was 73% compared with 71.9% for the same quarter of 2015. While activity from China has normalized over the last few quarters, the China names surge of late 2015 declined, but did carry over into the first quarter of 2016. As a result, we expect this small group of names to contribute to a slight increase in deletes towards the end of the current Q1 and the beginning of Q2. Based on these and other factors, we expect full year 2017 domain name base growth of between 0.5% and 2.5%, with an increase to the domain name base of between 0.7 million and 1.2 million registrations in the first quarter. Now I'd like to provide two updates before handing the call over to George. First, as it relates to our becoming the registry operator for .web, on January 18, 2017, the company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, requesting certain information related to VeriSign's potential operations of the .web TLD. The CID is not directed at VeriSign's existing registry agreements. As we said at the time of the auction last July, we strongly believe VeriSign is well-positioned to grow and widely distribute .web to provide an additional option to the marketplace, given our proven track record of reliability and stability, and we look forward to explaining our views as we respond to the CID and continue to cooperate with the DOJ. Second, we continually evaluate the strategic opportunities for our business and, as you may have seen earlier today, we have decided it is in the best interests to sell our iDefense business to Accenture. As part of this sale, VeriSign will continue as an iDefense customer to benefit from the threat intelligence information provided by iDefense. The announcement of the iDefense sale only relates to iDefense and is not a sale of our other VeriSign security services offerings, including DDoS Protection and Managed DNS. The terms of this transaction are not being disclosed and the financials associated with this business are not material to our overall business. We anticipate closing in the next few months, subject to customary closing conditions. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the company generated revenue of $1.142 billion, up 7.8% from fiscal 2015, and delivered GAAP operating income of $687 million, up 13% from $606 million for the full year 2015. Revenue for the fourth quarter totaled $286 million, up 5% year-over-year and down 0.4% sequentially. The small sequential decline was a result of the 1.9 million reduction in the domain name base during the quarter that Jim discussed earlier. During the quarter, 59% of our revenue was from customers in the U.S. and 41% was from international customers. GAAP operating income in the fourth quarter totaled $169 million, up 6.6% from $158 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 59% compared to 58.1% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $106 million compared to $102 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.84 in the fourth quarter this year compared to $0.76 for the fourth quarter last year. As of December 31, 2016, the company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion and total liabilities of $3.5 billion. Assets included $1.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $368 million were held domestically, with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional fourth quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted share count, operating cash flow, and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2017 full year guidance. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $14 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $103 million as compared to $100 million in the third quarter of 2016 and $103 million in the same quarter a year ago. The sequential increase was primarily a result of increased marketing expenses deployed in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 63.9% compared to 62.4% in the same quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $115 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.92, based on a weighted average diluted share count of 125.5 million shares. This compares to $0.79 in the fourth quarter of 2015 and $0.93 last quarter, based on 133.4 million and 127.8 million weighted average diluted shares, respectively. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 20.6 million shares based on the average share price during the fourth quarter, compared with 21.4 million for the same quarter in 2015 and 20.8 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of third quarter 2016 repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 2 million shares repurchased during the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow was $195 million and free cash flow was $198 million for the fourth quarter, compared with $189 million and $176 million, respectively, for the fourth quarter last year. With respect to full year 2017 guidance, the financial guidance that I will provide reflects the expected completion of the iDefense asset sale within the next few months. Revenue for 2017 is expected to be in the range of $1.138 billion to $1.158 billion. Full year 2017 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 64% and 65%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is expected to be an expense of between $93 million and $100 million. Capital expenditures for the year are expected to be between $35 million and $45 million. And finally, cash taxes for the year are expected to be between $15 million and $25 million. Substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2017 are international, primarily because of domestic tax attributes, including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures. These convertible debentures continue to generate cash tax benefits while they remain outstanding, and they are an important part of our capital structure. Although we will have the right to redeem these debentures under the terms of the indentures starting in August of 2017, our intention, based on current conditions, is not to redeem these debentures, which will allow the cash tax benefit to continue to accrue. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the fourth quarter and full year 2016. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. In closing, during the last year, we expanded our work to protect, grow, and manage the business, while continuing our focus to provide long-term value to our shareholders. We think that our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line, and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: We will take our first question from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Close enough there. Hi, guys. First question, you mentioned the Q4 renewal rates are expected to be 67.5%. Was there any change in renewal rates outside of China in the quarter?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Gregg, thanks for the question. In general, our renewal rates both domestically and internationally have been relatively consistent with one another. But the vast majority of the decline that we saw in our international renewal rates is really related to the China names. That was the biggest factor. Everything else stayed relatively consistent for us.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, George. And then, within the Q1 net add guidance, are you assuming essentially the same renewal rates from China that you saw in Q4?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. For the group of names that are similar – the group of names – it was about 750,000 to 1 million names that came in in the first quarter of 2016 that was also from, what we believe to be, the China investor phenomena. We expect those to have similar renewal rates as the names that renewed in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: Perfect. And then just a couple other quick ones, if I may. I understand and certainly can appreciate that you don't want to get overly granular with respect to the iDefense contribution. Having said that, the 2017 revenue guidance is below where the Street was, and just – I think any sort of additional color you might be able to provide, even if not getting, again, overly granular, might just be helpful in sort of reconciling where the Street was previously versus your guidance today.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. I think there're a variety of factors that go into our revenue guidance, which is $1.138 billion to $1.158 billion for next year. Clearly, we had a very strong 2016, we were up 7.8% in 2016 versus 4.9% in 2015. And as we've talked about, a lot of that revenue growth was from a unique event, which was attributed to the strong China investor community. And as we've mentioned, about a third of those names renewed in the fourth quarter. So we do have some names, as I just mentioned, coming up in the first quarter that should, if they had the same renewal rate, will delete out of the zone sometime in the late first quarter, early second quarter. And so that's part of what's influencing it. Also to a lesser extent, you're correct, the iDefense business, we expect that revenue to get out of the business as we close this transaction. And so without disclosing any details on the iDefense business, which we're not, I would say it's really those two factors that are giving our view of revenue today, and as always we'll update our guidance each quarter as we get more visibility into the year.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, great. And then just one last one for Jim, just following-up on the Civil Investigative Demand from the DOJ with respect to .web. What would be the sort of the procedure and timeline from here just as you understand it? Thanks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. Well, I think in my comments I not only said all I should. I think I said all there really is to say at this point. There's no information beyond what I told you. I can give you a little bit more color, I guess. We've certainly said in the past that inorganic growth is part of our growth strategy, and sometimes regulatory review becomes part of that process. So we received the CID, which is kind of like a subpoena. We've been discussing it with the DOJ since shortly after we received it, and we've provided some information already and we're continuing to cooperate. So like I said in my remarks, we believe we're well positioned to grow .web. We think that the industry is extremely competitive. Beyond that, it's just too early in the process to say anything beyond that. It's just speculation and I really can't do that.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: Fair enough. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from Gray Powell of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much. Just a couple questions, if I may. So it looks like .com is showing a decent recovery in growth over the last month, but .net does remain under some pressure. Is there any residual churn issue on .net or should we just expect more muted growth there on that domain going forward?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, .net was also impacted by the China activity in 2015, and so we did see some of .net names also churn out of the zone in the fourth quarter of 2016. The .net is still a great brand for us globally. It's well-recognized. It continues to do well in markets internationally, as well as domestically. But there is a lot of choice in the domain name industry, and there is clearly competition, whether it be from ccTLDs or other technologies. But we still are looking to drive demand in .net, and it's still a great brand for us globally.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Certainly, .net is not the brand that .com is. Com is a stronger brand, but there are 15.3 million .net registrations. It's a globally recognized and a trusted brand. It had, in the past couple of years, actually dipped briefly below 15 million names, and it's recovered. So I think its growth trajectory is just a little bit different than .com, but it's still a very, very strong and recognized brand. It's the second largest generic TLD behind com.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. Okay. That's helpful. And then could you give an update on foreign language versions of .com and .net that you're introducing? Just how many are up and running today? What kind of traction are they seeing? And then, just what's the schedule for the remaining domains going forward?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Todd, do you want to...
Todd B. Strubbe - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. Well, we currently have three of the transliterations of com and net generally available. That's two of the Korean or Hangul transliterations, one for com and one for net, and then the Japanese or Katakana script of .com. At this point, we're not providing any additional details on other launches. As we mentioned last quarter, we do continue to work on our licensing process to operate the Chinese IDNs, and we will update as we develop our plans further.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is (21:43) in for Sterling. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask as a follow-up on the iDefense sale. Can you talk a little more about the timing and the rationale of the sale, and if there are any plans for divesting the securities business? And then also my second question is just on other revenue in the quarter. It seems a little bit higher than what we expected. So if there is anything else driving that? Any color there would be really helpful. Thank you.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: I don't know if you're on a cell phone. The very end of that was a little difficult to understand. You said that other revenue was a little bit higher in the quarter, and then you said something else that I think at least I wasn't able to get.
Unknown Speaker: Can you – is it better now?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: A little.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah, a little. Try again, please. I got your first question.
Unknown Speaker: I was just asking about the other revenue, if anything (22:43) if anything was different this quarter.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Okay.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: So let me address your first question about iDefense. I think you were asking about strategic rationale. We've certainly said consistently that we are certainly better suited to be a consumer rather than a producer of threat intelligence. Our primary business is, obviously, the secure and stable operation of infrastructure supporting .com and .net. That's our primary mission. That's the most important thing that we do. We, obviously, need good cyber defenses in order to do that, but we will continue to be an iDefense customer and receive it, but it's a little different than the other security services. And as I mentioned in my remarks, this is specifically iDefense. It's not our Managed DNS business and it's not our DDoS Protection businesses. So I think it's just sort of a logical sort of business procession for us. Your other question was about other revenue, and I'll ask George maybe to address that.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. So, there was nothing unusual in the quarter. I'm not sure how your models track our revenue performance, but nothing unusual from an other revenue perspective.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. If I can just throw out some additional color for you. I mean, we've had, as you know, a number of different growth initiatives and we did monetize some patents in 2016 and we expect to do so in 2017 as well. But the amount is not material. We've adjusted our growth efforts to align with a rapidly changing domain name market. Some of those changes include shifts in traditional channels for domain names, possible secondary market activity and corresponding changes to how we invest in marketing. So, while we're planning to realize 2017 revenue from these other efforts, we don't expect it to be material and none of it's in our guidance.
Operator: We will take our final question from Jason Velkavrh of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you for taking my questions. The first question is on the expense side. I believe last quarter you mentioned an intent to put a little more money to work in sales and marketing. I was just hoping you could provide some more color around this. And if that took place this quarter, sort of what initiatives that is going towards?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah, sure, Jason, I'd be happy to. So if you looked at the quarter from a non-GAAP basis, we had about $103 million of expenses in the quarter. That was up about $3 million from the third quarter, where we had about $100 million. And the majority, if not all of that increase, was spent in the marketing area. We continue to partner with our registrars to put more marketing dollars in various markets to drive domain name growth. And so we were able to put that money to work and we continue to look to opportunities to partner with registrars to do that in markets that we think can drive profitable growth for us.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks. That's helpful. And then a question on the new gTLDs, the .com, .net transliterations. Realized it's a small base and early, but just curious there. What are you seeing there in terms of renewal rates for those that have lapsed versus what you see for .com and .net?
Todd B. Strubbe - VeriSign, Inc.: We haven't really – the general availability for the earliest ones was not until second quarter of 2016, so we're not up to our first year.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah, we haven't lapped yet.
Todd B. Strubbe - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah, don't have (26:30)
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay. Do you have an expectation for that to be any different or do you expect that to be around the same?
Todd B. Strubbe - VeriSign, Inc.: I think it's too early to tell. They are such a different product.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah, we don't guide to the renewal rates, but there is only a few more months and that information will be available.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay. That's all I had. Thanks for the questions.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Mr. David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. That concludes our call. Have a good evening.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - VP, IR James Bidzos - President and Chief Executive Officer Todd Strubbe - EVP and Chief Operating Officer George Kilguss - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Walter Pritchard - Citi
Operator: Good day everyone, welcome to VeriSign’s Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded, and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign’s third quarter 2016 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our VeriSign.com website. There you will also find our third quarter 2016 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results and our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today’s call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I’m pleased to report another solid third for VeriSign. Third quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. Before I get into the third quarter results I want to comment on two areas of focus for the Company. First, last week VeriSign issued an 8-K detailing the completion of the Root Zone Maintainer Service Agreement, or RZMA, and the .com Registry Agreement extension amendment. The RZMA between VeriSign and ICANN is now effective and VeriSign has been discharged from those responsibilities under the Cooperative Agreement. Additionally, NTIA approved the .com extension, which extends the .com Registry Agreement between VeriSign and ICANN until November 30, 2024 to coincide with the term of the RZMA. VeriSign agreed to cooperate with NTIA as it determines whether to exercise their right to extend the term of the Cooperative Agreement before it expires on November 30, 2018. Second, as we stated earlier this year, a significant part of our corporate strategy for 2016 was to evaluate for acquisition top-level domains that are currently in operation and those that have not yet been awarded. Consistent with this strategy, as announced in August, VeriSign entered into an agreement for the future assignment of the .web TLD. While there are still steps that need to occur before we become the registry operator for .web, we are excited about the .web opportunity as we believe that we are well-positioned to make it successful. I will comment now on third quarter operating highlights. We reported revenue of $288 million, up 8.2% year-over-year and we delivered strong financial performance, including $165 million in free cash flow. We ended the third quarter with 144.1 million .com and .net domain name registrations in the domain name base. Our financial position is strong with $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. As a part of managing our business, during the third quarter we continued our share repurchase program 2.2 million shares for $177 million. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of September the domain name base in .com and .net was 144.1 million consisting of 128.4 million .com registrations and 15.8 million .net registrations. This represents an increase of 6.6% year-over-year and a net increase of 0.9 million domain name registrations from the end of the second quarter. During the quarter we processed 8.3 million new registrations. In the second quarter of 2016 the renewal rate was 73.8% compared with 72.7% for the same quarter of 2015. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2016 will be approximately 72.3%. This preliminary rate compares favorably to 71.9% achieved in the third quarter of 2015. There are many factors that drive domain growth. These include but are not limited to Internet adoption, economic activity, eCommerce activity and registrar go-to-market strategies. During the second half of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016 we experienced an increased volume of new domain name registrations, primarily from our registrars in China. The volume of these new registrations has been inconsistent and periodic compared to prior periods and by the end of the first quarter of 2016 reverted back to a more normalized registration pace. Also, as discussed the last three quarters, we still expect the fourth quarter of 2016 to be somewhat unique as the value of domain name registrations up for renewal - the volume of domain name registrations up for renewal in the quarter will have a larger-than-normal percentage of first-time renewing registrations as a result of the strong performance during Q3 and Q4 of 2015. While it is difficult to assess what the renewal characteristics of these registrations will be, due to the large upcoming Q4 2016 expiring base we still expect fourth-quarter deletions to be elevated with many of these deletions occurring towards the end of the fourth quarter. Based on these and other factors, we expect the full-year 2016 domain name base growth range of between 1% and 2% despite a net decrease to the domain name base of between 1.5 million and 2.8 million registrations in the fourth quarter. Now I’d like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. Revenue for the third quarter totaled $288 million up 8.2% year-over-year. During the quarter, 58% of our revenue was from customers in the U.S., and 42% was from international customers. GAAP operating income in the third quarter totaled $175 million, up 13.2% from $154 million in the third quarter of 2015. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 60.8%, compared to 58.1% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $114 million, compared to $92 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.90 in the third quarter this year, compared to $0.70 for the third quarter last year. As of September 30, 2016, the Company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion, and total liabilities of $3.5 billion. Assets included $1.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $421 million were held domestically, with the remainder held abroad. I’ll now review some additional third quarter metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted share count, operating cash flow, and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2016 full-year guidance. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $13 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $100 million, as compared to $99 million in the second quarter of 2016, and $99 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 65.3%, compared to 62.7% in the same quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $119 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.93, based on a weighted average diluted share count of 127.7 million shares. This compares to $0.78 in the third quarter of 2015, and $0.91 last quarter, based on 131.7 million and 130.6 million weighted average diluted shares respectively. Dilution related to the convertible debenture was 20.8 million shares, based on the average share price during the third quarter, compared with 18 million for the same quarter in 2015, and 21.9 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of second quarter 2016 repurchase activity, and the weighted effect of the 2.2 million shares repurchased during the third quarter. Operating cash flow was $168 million and free cash flow was $165 million for the third quarter compared with $155 million and $157 million respectively for the third quarter last year. With respect to full-year 2016 guidance, revenue for 2016 is now expected to be in the range of $1.135 billion to $1.140 billion, representing an annual growth rate of approximately 7% to 7.5%. This revenue guidance is narrowed from the $1.130 billion to $1.140 billion range given on our last earnings call. Full-year 2016 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 63.5% and 64.5%, increased from the 62.5% to 64% range provided during the last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $110 million and $116 million. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $30 million and $35 million, decreased from the $35 million and $45 million range given on our last call. Cash taxes for the year are still expected to be between $10 million and $20 million. Substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2016 are international, primarily as a result of domestic tax attributes including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures. In summary, the Company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter of 2016. Now, I will turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Bidzos: Thank you, George. In closing, during the third quarter we continued to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value to our shareholders. We think that our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long-term lines of growth in our top and bottom line and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We believe the two developments I speak of, the .com extension and our move to becoming the registry operator for the .web extension will result in security and stability for our customers and our business as well as long-term growth opportunities for the Company. We will now take your questions. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have our first question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks. Hi guys. Want to start with - can you help us really understand the net impacts from both the .com extension and the signing of the Root Zone Maintainer? It feels like there was a number of moving parts, but maybe summarize the net impacts of both of those on the business.
James Bidzos: Sure, Sterling. Let me try to just, I guess, factually state what’s actually changed. First of all, the IANA transition was completed and the IANA contract between NTIA and ICANN was allowed to sunset. So ICANN is now accountable to the community under enhanced accountability mechanisms. Second, the term of VeriSign’s .com Registry Agreement with ICANN is now extended to November 30, 2024. So, the next renewal cycle for .com will be in 2024 not in 2018. Third, the Root Zone Maintainer portion of the transition is now complete, as VeriSign will continue the Root Zone maintenance function it has historically performed, but now under a new contract called the RZMA between VeriSign and ICANN. Fourth, there are two amendments to the Cooperative Agreement between VeriSign and NTIA. Amendment 33 discharges VeriSign from its Root Zone maintenance responsibilities and Amendment 34 approved the extension of the .com agreement to 2024 and gives NTIA the right to extend the Cooperative Agreement past its current expiration of 2018. It also allows NTIA to conduct a public interest review for purposes of making the extension decision. And also VeriSign still has the right, I would point out, under Amendment 32, to seek removal of the pricing restrictions in the .com Registry Agreement if we demonstrate to the Department that market conditions no longer warrant such restrictions. Those are the basic, factual changes in all of these various events of the last 30 days or so.
Sterling Auty: One follow-up to it on that last point. So, if the Cooperative Agreement is allowed to expire, what does that mean for pricing? Do you automatically get the ability to raise prices? Will you seek a request from the DOJ? So what happens on the pricing front if the Cooperative Agreement does go away?
James Bidzos: So, if NTIA decides - and it’s their process and their decision - but if they do decide to allow the Cooperative Agreement to sunset, as opposed to exercising their right to extend it - so, I don’t want to speculate on that process because that’s NTIA’s decision whether to sunset it or extend it beyond 2018. I can tell you that we agreed to work with NTIA as they go through their process and make the decision. However, I would point out one thing, which is that if there’s a change to, or a termination of, or expiration of the Cooperative Agreement, the .com Registry Agreement itself contains something called the Cooperation Clause that states that VeriSign and ICANN will negotiate in good faith to amend the terms of the Registry Agreement, the .com Registry Agreement, as necessary for consistency with changes to, or expiration of the Cooperative Agreement, if that helps.
Sterling Auty: It does, but kind of still leaves a little bit of ambiguity. So, if it goes away and you renegotiate with ICANN, I would imagine one of the things that, if I’m in your shoes you would be interested in is negotiating back the ability to raise prices. Or would you still be under a consent decree of the Department of Justice through 2024 to keep .com prices capped?
James Bidzos: So, I think I can answer part of that. I’m just trying to avoid speculating. But in your scenario, if you are assuming that the Cooperative Agreement is allowed to sunset and there is no other contractual relationship or provision or restrictions - relationship between DOJ, DOC and VeriSign, then VeriSign would negotiate in good faith, as we are both required to under the agreement, with ICANN to effect whatever changes need to be effected as a result of the sunset of the Cooperative Agreement. So, that certainly would include pricing, but I don’t want to speculate what that would look like today.
Sterling Auty: Okay. Last item. So just to clarify then, really the cap on pricing that the DOJ effectively helped put into place is not like when a DOJ steps in and declares a company a monopoly and puts in a consent decree where they have direct oversight and capping. You are saying that the price agreement that the DOJ market power study helped is really just entirely encapsulated within the Cooperative Agreement?
James Bidzos: I believe that’s correct. It’s a fact that the relationship that we have with NTIA is the mechanism by which the price caps are imposed on.com and that NTIA, where appropriate for its oversight through the Cooperative Agreement, consults with DOJ on issues of competitive issues, et cetera. So, if that went away there would be at that point - if that’s all that happened and the Cooperative Agreement sunset and there is no other contractual relationship that we have at this point. We don’t have that type of relationship that you described upfront in your question.
Sterling Auty: Makes sense. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: Great. Well, I’m going to just pick up right where Sterling left off and just keep drilling down. So, because it is something we are all very interested in, if the Cooperative Agreement sunsets, who will control pricing? And you talked Jim about you would negotiate with ICANN. Would ICANN have the authority to set pricing, veto pricing? What we are just trying to understand where authority for setting and enforcing pricing would reside if the Cooperative Agreement sunsets on November 18, 2018.
James Bidzos: I don’t want to speculate on what that process in detail would look like and, therefore, it’s hard to say where it would come out. But it would, according to the language that’s in the documents today, it would be the result of a good-faith negotiation between VeriSign and ICANN. Essentially, the DOC is not in the picture if the Cooperative Agreement is allowed to sunset. So, having said that, I would say that trying to determine what that will yield I think would be speculating. But I would observe that ICANN’s policies at least are fairly consistent in how they’ve applied pricing across TLD, certainly since the new gTLD program. There are a number of legacy TLDs, of course like .com and .net and .org and others. But it’s just difficult to speculate on a process that only gets invoked under a set of circumstances that are two years away. I think the main point is that the pricing imposed on .com at least since 2006 has come directly from DOC, so that mechanism goes away. But in terms of what happens and who has the authority, it’s a good-faith negotiation between VeriSign and ICANN. That much is factual.
Steve Ashley: Great. And then I would just like to ask a question on deferred revenue. It declined sequentially from - not a lot, a little bit, for the second time consecutively. That hasn’t been kind of the norm over the past years. Is there any comment around the small sequential decline in deferred revenue we are seeing?
George Kilguss: Nothing other than it typically does slow down as the year progresses. Typically, at least historically we used to have very large registrations in the first quarter, so we’d get a bump in deferred revenue and it would decline sequentially over the years. More recently that bump in Q1 has gotten less and so some of the changes year-over-year have rolled through, but nothing material that I am aware of, Steve.
Steve Ashley: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. Thanks. Two questions. One on - you’ve been pretty clear on the Q4 trajectory given what happened last year. Can you talk about how you look at that into Q1?
George Kilguss: So, Walter this is George. We’ll give you Q1 guidance on our fourth quarter call. But, again, the reason for the large range that we put in place this particular quarter is the fact that it was a fairly large amount of names that came up for renewal, or will come up for renewal in this quarter. And the cohort, or the type of names that they are, they are related to a Chinese investment community, we really don’t have a tremendous amount of data around that. And so we are really waiting to take a look at those names as they come up for renewal in the middle of November and early December we will get a better look at that, and once we have a better look at that it will give us a little more clarity into Q1. But we have always said, the Q4 is a relatively unique event. There’s over 4 million names that are really coming up for renewal as a result of the demand that happened last year. And so we are really waiting to take a look at that before we provide guidance to Q1.
Walter Pritchard: And then, George, just on the expenses, you had a very good I guess, the expenses very low, declining year-over-year by about 3% in the quarter. Can you talk about the sustainability, I guess, first the source of the expense decline year-over-year and then the sustainability of that trajectory as you look into Q4 and beyond?
George Kilguss: Yes. I would say, as you have commented on, I think we’ve done a pretty good job of trying to keep expenses level. When you talk about year-over-year you are looking at the third quarter. And I think it’s probably more appropriate to look at the nine months because things can move from quarter-to-quarter. And when I look at the nine months on a non-GAAP basis, expenses in total are down a little bit. You are correct there. But we are seeing some movement between the groups. So, we’ve seen an increase in our cost of goods sold. We’ve got more labor going on there. Sales and marketing, we’ve talked about that. It’s been lower, but we do have an intention to put more money to work there and I would think that’s really more of a timing function. R&D is down. We have reduced labor there. As we talked about last quarter, I believe we did close our Indian Development Corporation over there last year and so we are getting some benefits from a labor perspective through the P&L at the present time. And then G&A is up a little bit. We do have some slightly higher labor and we’ve incurred some higher legal costs this quarter. As far as your questions to the sustainability, we really try to manage the total expense of the Company, the entire $400 million number on an annual basis. And we try to allocate those dollars to where they are. Clearly, we try to gain efficiencies, but at the same time we are not starving the business. And as you know, our business is relatively dynamic. As the cyber environment continues to evolve we absolutely want to make sure we put enough resources into maintaining the security and stability of the business. So, we will continue to be vigilant on that, but to date we’ve done a good job of keeping them in the range where they’ve been historically.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We are taking a follow-up question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. That’s also our final question.
Sterling Auty: Yes, just a housekeeping follow-up question. Can you remind us what the total number of names that are up for renewal in the fourth quarter and if you are willing to give it for the first quarter, so March actually, are?
George Kilguss: Yes, a couple of data points. The names that were up for renewal this quarter was 28.7 million and the names that are up for Q4 are going to be 32 million names that are up for renewal.
Sterling Auty: All right. Great. And how about March 2017, or is it too early to give that?
George Kilguss: I would say it’s too early for that at this point.
Sterling Auty: And actually - and maybe one other we didn’t touch upon. So, early here in the quarter, so you’ve got the guidance for the decline in the base, but there was a pop, actually, in the Zone file of like 350,000 names the one-week, including a pretty healthy pop in .net. Anything that you can ascribe the jump to?
George Kilguss: Yes, we ran some marketing activities in the quarter around .net and they were actually relatively successful. And so the team is evaluating programs to see if we want to run some more of those. But we had a marketing program basically, and those numbers are roughly right, about 300 names came in from those marketing programs.
Sterling Auty: And when you talk about those marketing programs, are these different than - I think about in the past that you ran marketing programs with registrars at the end market to spur demand, but are these those types of things, or are these incentives where maybe you are giving discount on registry fees on .net above certain thresholds, or anything like that?
George Kilguss: The programs vary from program to program. This was more of a program we were looking to see if we were in a short-term program what would be the effect of. Sometimes we run programs throughout the year, much longer-term programs and we are questioning the effectiveness of those compared to some shorter-rate programs, shorter-term programs, and this one was a relatively short program. We just want to understand the duration of programs and get some feedback as we think about 2017.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you much.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the call over to David Atchley for closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Once again that does conclude today’s call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - VP, IR Jim Bidzos - President & CEO Todd Strubbe - EVP & COO George Kilguss - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Matt Broome - Cowen and Company Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day everyone, welcome to VeriSign's second-quarter 2016 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded, and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's second-quarter 2016 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the investor relations section of our VeriSign.com website. There you will also find our second-quarter 2016 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results and our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report a solid first half of 2016 for VeriSign. Second-quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $286 million, up 9.1% year-over-year, and we delivered strong financial performance, including $161 million in free cash flow. We processed 8.6 million new registrations during the second quarter, and added 0.78 million net new names, ending with 143.2 million common net domain names in the domain name base. Our financial position is strong, with $1.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. As a part of managing our business, during the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.7 million shares for $150 million. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business, and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. As we discussed during the last call, ICANN and VeriSign had been working on the Root Zone maintainer services agreement, and the .com registry agreement extension amendment. At the end of June, ICANN posted the RZMA for public review and the .com registry agreement amendment for public comment, after which our respective Boards of Directors will be asked to approve the agreements. After this, the .com RA extension amendment, which extends the term of the RA until November 30, 2024, will be sent to NTIA for review and approval, according to their processes. I'll comment now on second-quarter operating highlights. At the end of June, the domain name base in .com and .net was 143.2 million, consisting of 127.5 million names for .com and 15.8 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 7.3% year-over-year. In the first quarter of 2016, the renewal rate was 74.4%, compared with 73.4% for the same quarter of 2015. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2016 will be approximately 73.7%. This preliminary rate compares favorably to 72.7% achieved in the second quarter of 2015. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive domain growth. These include, but are not limited to, Internet adoption, economic activity, e-commerce activity, and registrar go-to-market strategies. During the second quarter, as we had anticipated, activity from registrars in China normalized. Also, as discussed during the last two quarters, we still expect the fourth quarter of 2016 to be somewhat unique, as the expiring domain name base in that quarter will have a larger than normal percentage of first-time renewing names, as a result of the strong performance during Q3 and Q4 of 2015. While it is difficult to assess what the renewal characteristics of these new names will be, due to the large upcoming Q4 2016 expiring base, we still expect fourth-quarter deletions to be elevated. Accordingly, as we stated the last two quarters, deletions could exceed additions for the fourth quarter of 2016. Based on these and other factors, we expect the third-quarter 2016 net change to the domain name base to be an increase of 0.5 million, and between 0.5 million and 1.0 million names, and we are now forecasting full-year 2016 domain name base growth rate to be between 1% and 2%. Lastly, today we announced an increase in the annual wholesale fee for a .net domain name registration, as allowed by our agreement with ICANN. As of February 1, 2017, the annual wholesale fee for a .net domain name registration will increase from $7.46 to $8.20. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. Revenue for the second quarter totaled $286 million, up 9.1% year-over-year, and up 1.6% sequentially. During the quarter, 58% of our revenue was from customers in the US, and 42% was from international customers. GAAP operating income in the second quarter totaled $176 million, up 18.3% from $149 million in the second quarter of 2015. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 61.5%, compared to 56.7% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $113 million, compared to $93 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.87 in the second quarter this year, compared to $0.70 for the second quarter last year. As of June 30, 2016, the Company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion, and total liabilities of $3.4 billion. Assets included $1.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $609 million were held domestically, with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional second-quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted share count, operating cash flow, and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2016 full-year guidance. Second-quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $11 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $99 million, as compared to the $103 million in the first quarter of 2016, and $102 million in the same quarter a year ago. The sequential decline in expenses is primarily a result of seasonally lower employer payroll tax withholdings in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 65.4%, compared to 61.3% in the same quarter of 2015. The improved margin performance in the quarter was aided by our strong net add performance in the first quarter, and the timing of some sales and marketing expenditures being moved to the second half of the year. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $119 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.91, based on a weighted average diluted share count of 130.6 million shares. This compares to $0.74 in the second quarter of 2015, and $0.85 last quarter, based on 133.3 million and 131.6 million weighted average diluted shares respectively. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 21.9 million shares, based on the average share price during the second quarter, compared with 17 million for the same quarter in 2015, and 21.1 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of first-quarter 2016 repurchase activity, and the weighted effect of the 1.7 million shares repurchased during the second quarter. Both operating cash flow and free cash flow for the second quarter were $161 million, compared with $175 million and $171 million respectively for the second quarter last year. With respect to full-year 2016 guidance, revenue for 2016 is now expected to be in the range of $1.130 billion to $1.140 billion, representing an annual growth rate of approximately 6.5% to 7.5%. This revenue guidance is narrowed from the $1.125 billion to $1.140 billion range given on our last earnings call. The 2016 revenue range reflects our current outlook and our updated expectation of full-year 2016 domain name base growth of between 1% and 2%. Full-year 2016 non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 62.5% and 64%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $110 million and $116 million. Capital expenditures for the year are still expected to be between $35 million and $45 million. Cash taxes for the year are also still expected to be between $10 million to $20 million, due to our domestic tax attributes, including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures, substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2016 are international. In summary, the Company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the second quarter. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. In closing, during the second quarter, we continued to protect, grow and manage the business, while delivering value to our shareholders. Since the start of this quarter, the Company achieved two important milestones. First, we marked 19 continuous years of 100% availability of the .com and .net DNS. This peerless record is due to the expertise of our people, and our specialized infrastructure. As businesses and economic activity rely increasingly on digital infrastructure, availability will become more important. Second, we were informed earlier this month by the Chinese government that we are now licensed to provide domain name registry services for .com and .net in the PRC. We believe that .com and .net are the first non-China based registries to be fully licensed in China. We think that our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line, and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We will now take your questions, and operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. Thanks. One question for George, and then for Jim. George, on the OpEx, when you did, looks like it was pretty constrained in the first half of the year, you mentioned some marketing programs. Is that typical with what you've done in past years? It doesn't seem like they've really stepped down necessarily the margins in the second half, and I'm wondering how this year might be different in terms of what you're driving in the business.
George Kilguss: Sure, Walter. As you mentioned, if you look at our marketing expenses, sales and marketing expenses, they were actually flat sequentially, but they were down year-over-year by about $4 million. There are a number of programs that we run, some that we direct specifically that we take a look at, others that -- programs that we open up to registrars to submit programs to us. As we evaluate some of those programs that come in for us, clearly we're looking at those to see if it's going to have the right impact for our business, and if it's going to generate positive returns for us. Sometimes some of those programs that get submitted are not that attractive for us, and so we look to solicit additional proposals from registrars, as well as redirecting some of our programs. Depending on what's going on around the globe, as you might expect, there's a number of geopolitical things happening, and so we take those and other factors into place. I don't think there's anything unique here, other than we do have some programs that we did not execute on in the second half of -- the first half of the year, and we expect to execute on those in the second half of the year. So we're expecting our sales and marketing expense to increase in the second half of the year.
Walter Pritchard: And then for Jim, on the IDNs, I know that Korea and Japan have rolled out, I think we're pretty early still in the process, but would love to hear any update on registration volumes, how we should maybe look at those in terms of the ramp of volumes versus what we see in other gTLDs, and any sort of update on that process.
Jim Bidzos: Sure, I'll let Todd give you a little color on the progress of our IDNs. I'll just say upfront that remember that we're roughly six months into our IDN program. We started in Japan. It was the very first one. We're learning from that. We're working with partners and introducing new products. There are some infrastructure challenges, and that there are a lot of Internet applications that don't fully support IDNs, so there's some things that are continuing to develop. We try to strike a balance between adoption, growth and revenue. So there are a lot of factors that go into this. It's a little bit early. I don't think we're going to be able to give you a lot of detail, but Todd, if you want to add anything to that?
Todd Strubbe: Not a lot of detail. Just we are launched in Japan, and we are in general availability. We launched in Korea earlier with two IDNs, and we're in our limited release phase there, and we'll go into general availability on August 30. We don't publish our zone there, but you can see the stats on places like nTLDstats.com.
Walter Pritchard: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from with Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Matt Broome: Thanks very much. This is Matt Broome on for Gregg. So you had very little zone growth in the month of July. Can you walk through why the net add activities have been a lot weaker than what we usually see, as well as what gives you the confidence that things will pick up over the rest of the quarter?
Jim Bidzos: Sure. As you point out, July we've had I think about 133,000 adds quarter to date so far. It's not that different from last year. We typically, when we look at the third quarter results we expect to pick up typically more in the latter half of the quarter. That tends to be a trend that we've seen historically, at least. But right now, if you were to straight line the net adds that we've had, you'd come to about 453,000. Clearly, we're expecting that to pick up right around the quarter, just based on seasonal trends we've seen previously.
Matt Broome: Okay. Great. Out of the 780,000 net adds in Q2, roughly I guess how much of that came from China?
Jim Bidzos: We don't break out our net adds by country. China continued to perform well for us this year, but so did the US, which is clearly our largest market, and EMEA continued to perform well for us as well.
Matt Broome: Okay. And then just one last one, if you could -- well, what's the latest I guess on timing around the ICANN contract extension for .com? That's it from me. Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Sure. The .com extension amendment to our registry agreement is out for comment. That period ends in -- on August 12. After that, the Root Zone maintainer agreement and the .com extension contract both will be -- need to be approved by VeriSign's Board of Directors and ICANN's Board of Directors. After that, they'll be given to NTIA for approval according to NTIA's processes. The only firm date I can give you at this point is the close of the comment period on August 12, and then it's a series of approvals following that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we move next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes thanks. Hi guys. Just following on that line of questions, I frequently get the question as whether, as part of this process or maybe soon thereafter, would you revisit the pricing situation with the Department of Commerce and have the market study done again, or is that really going to be thought of as separate and maybe sometime down the road?
Todd Strubbe: Sterling, I assume you're talking about the opportunity available to the Company to pursue some review of our pricing?
Sterling Auty: Correct.
Todd Strubbe: That's what you're talking about? Yes, unrelated to the .com extension, unrelated to the Root Zone maintainer agreement. I really can't comment on when we would do that. I would say what I've said before in the past, that I believe that there is some data that's trending favorably for us, in that ICANN has now crossed over 1,000 new gTLDs delegated to the root. I'm trying not to be too understated, but more than ample consumer choice for new gTLDs for consumers to choose from, and many of these TLDs are priced higher than .com. That data is helpful, but I really can't comment on when we might do that. I think there are a lot of factors we'd consider, and there's a process that we'd follow, but I'm not able to give you any information about exactly when we might do that.
Sterling Auty: Okay. That's fair. And then on the talk of the marketing programs that appear to be shifting to the second half, if I'm not mistaken, I think we were in a similar situation last year, and the year before. What is the drivers behind the timing of it? And can you remind us, did you end up spending those programs in the back half in each of the last two years, or in some cases, would you potentially decide not to spend that money?
George Kilguss: Well, I think in general, Sterling, look, if we can find marketing programs that generate positive rates of return for us and drive shareholder growth, I want to spend as much money in sales and marketing to accomplish that. Clearly, as we get a number of proposals, we offer these programs open to every single registrar, and so they're allowed to submit them. We have to evaluate them. So we clearly want to make sure that the ones that we're pursuing and accepting meet certain financial criteria. To some degree, it really depends on the proposals that are being submitted to us. Others we direct, as I mentioned to an earlier caller, we're taking a variety of things into consideration. We're marketing globally, we're looking at certain markets, and there are clearly are things that happen, whether it be, I don't know, a Brexit, or whether it be something that goes on in Turkey or other areas, we may choose to delay a program, or because of other factors outside of our control. So there's a variety of things that we take into consideration. Last year we did spend more money. We did spend money in the second half of the year. But again, there's a variety of factors that come to lumpiness. Our intention is to invest dollars into the market that will drive incremental profitable growth for the business. So, hopefully that answers your question.
Sterling Auty: Yes, it does. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our last question from -- our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley: Thank you very much. I think I'd just like to ask the first question on the renewal rates, which have improved here, especially in the first quarter, but still at a good level here. Is that just mix of first-time renewals being lower as a percentage of total, or have you seen any change in first-time renewal rates there? Thank you.
George Kilguss: Yes, thanks for the question. So you're correct, our renewal rates are up about 1% year-over-year, our preliminary renewal rate in the quarter is 73.7%, as Jim mentioned, up from 72%. The improvement we're seeing is primarily in the previously renewed rate. That's up about 80 basis points year-over-year from about 82.7% a year ago to 83.5% this year. And that improvement in the previously renewed rate, we're seeing that both in U.S. and international markets. On our first time renewal rate, it's also up slightly, but we're primarily seeing that improvement in the U.S. market. On average, that first-time renewal rate is still around the 50% range, though.
Steven Ashley: Okay. Gross margins, 83.6%. I think that's the highest number we may have ever seen. What is contributing to that improvement? Is that sustainable?
George Kilguss: Again, Steve, we look to manage all our expenses, not particularly a particular line item -- in a particular line item. I mean, we've also had slightly lower registration fees in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So because there tends to be more new names in the first quarter, we tend to have higher registration fees for ICANN, than we have in the second quarter. So it's a little seasonal dip there from that. But we continue to look at our expenses across the board, add resources where we feel it's appropriate, but in total, we're really focused on that total non-GAAP operating expense as a key metric that we're looking to manage.
Steven Ashley: And in terms of the range of outcomes we could see from the Department of Commerce, if we get through the Board approval of VeriSign, if we get through the Board approval of ICANN, if this is sent to the Department of Commerce for approval, is the range of outcomes either thumbs up or thumbs down, or could they separate the two, and say we're willing to do the Root Zone but .com we want back on the old schedule? I'm just wondering if you have any color around that.
Jim Bidzos: The fundamental rationale for the two agreements is addressing the priority, as called for by NTIA of security and stability in the Root Zone. And that's the reason that the .com agreement is being extended, so that it can be coterminous with the Root Zone maintainer agreement. The two agreements are related in that sense. So hopefully that helps you understand that the two agreements are really part of an effort to provide security and stability during this transition process of Root Zone oversight from NTIA to ICANN. I think in that sense, you view them as part of an effort to assure security and stability during a transition process.
Steven Ashley: Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our last question from Gray Powell with Wells Fargo.
Priya Parasuraman: This is actually Priya Parasuraman for Gray. Just a quick one from me. Could you talk about what's going on in China and whether you expect things to normalize there, and does the fact that you've been licensed change anything?
George Kilguss: Sure, Priya. As we talked about last quarter, we did expect the China volumes to normalize and at least in the second quarter, they absolutely did normalize for us. So at least what we're currently seeing is those are at much more normal levels. As far as the license agreement, I don't really -- I don't have any particular expectations. We've always operated in China. We've done well there. I think our brand is quite strong there. I don't really have any change of expectation, just related to the license, to how we perform. Anything you want to add, Jim?
Jim Bidzos: Yes, I think the license is important, but we have been operating with the approval of the Chinese government for a period of time, as they introduce new processes for their local registrars to follow. There was a new licensing regime that was announced some time ago. We've been in that process for a period of time, and as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we now are the -- as far as we know, the first registries, .com and .net to be approved. So we are licensed for those registries to operate in China, which is important, although we did expect that process would yield the result that it did. So I don't see any interruption in the availability of our products and their operation in China, so I think it's certainly an important milestone for us, but one that we've been working with the Chinese government on for a period of time. That in and of itself I don't expect to change anything from the registrant point of view. It just simply enables to registrars to comply with local law.
Priya Parasuraman: Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Atchley, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude our presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 19:15:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - Vice President, Treasury & Investor Relations D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Todd B. Strubbe - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's first quarter 2016 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded, and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - Vice President, Treasury & Investor Relations: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's first quarter 2016 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; and George Kilguss, Executive Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our verisign.com website. There, you will also find our first quarter 2016 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited. And our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report a solid start to 2016 for VeriSign. First quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $282 million, up 9.1% year-over-year and we delivered strong financial performance, including $143 million in free cash flow. We processed nearly 10 million new registrations during the first quarter and added 2.65 million net new names ending with 142.5 million .com and .net domain names in a domain name base. Our financial position is strong with $1.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. As a part of managing our business, during the first quarter we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.8 million shares for $150 million. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. As we discussed during the last call, ICANN and VeriSign are in the final stages of preparing the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement and the .com Registry Agreement extension documents. We continue to make progress and we'll provide periodic updates as appropriate on our progress towards these objectives. I'll comment now on first quarter operating highlights. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net was 142.5 million, consisting of 126.6 million names for .com and 15.9 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 7.1% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the renewal rate was 73.3% compared with 72.5% for the same quarter of 2014. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2016 will be approximately 74.2%. This preliminary rate compares favorably to 73.4% achieved in the first quarter of 2015. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive domain growth. These include but are not limited to, Internet adoption, economic activity, e-commerce activity and registrar go-to-market strategies. During the first quarter, we continued to see strength in net additions in many parts of the world, both from developed and emerging markets. Also during the quarter, we again saw activity coming from registrars in China that exceeded our expectations. At this point, we expect activity from registrars in China to normalize as we continue through the second quarter. Also as discussed last quarter, we still expect the fourth quarter of 2016 to be somewhat unique, as the expiring domain name base in that quarter will have a large percentage of first time renewing names as a result of the strong performance during Q3 and Q4 of 2015. While it is difficult to assess what the renewal characteristics of these new names will be, due to the large upcoming Q4 2016 expiring base, we still expect fourth quarter deletions to be elevated. Accordingly, as we stated last quarter, deletions could exceed additions for the fourth quarter of 2016. Based on these and other factors, we expect the second quarter of 2016 net change to the domain name base to be an increase of between 0.6 million and 1.1 million names, and we are now forecasting the full-year 2016 domain name base growth rate to be between 1% and 2.5%. As an update related to the launch of our IDN versions of .com and .net, the localized Katakana version of .com in Japanese launched in December and will be in general availability starting June 13. Also, we plan to launch the .com and .net Korean IDNs in May. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the first quarter totals $282 million, up 9.1% year-over-year and 3.4% sequentially. During the quarter, 58% of our revenue was from customers in the U.S. and 42% was from international customers. GAAP operating income for the first quarter totaled $167 million, up 15.6% from $144 million in the first quarter of 2015. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 59.2% compared to 55.8% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $107 million compared to $88 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.82 in the first quarter this year compared to $0.66 for the first quarter last year. As of March 31, 2016, the company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion. These assets included $1.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $667 million were held domestically with the remainder held internationally. Total liabilities were $3.4 billion at the quarter end. I'll now review some additional first quarter metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted share count, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2016 full year guidance. First quarter non-GAAP operating expense which excludes $12 million of stock-based compensation totaled $103 million as compared to the $103 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 and compared with $104 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 63.3% compared to 59.7% in the same quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $112 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.85 based on a weighted average diluted share count of 131.6 million shares. This compares to $0.74 in the first quarter of 2015 and $0.79 last quarter based on 133.8 million and 133.4 million weighted average diluted shares, respectively. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 131.6 million shares in the first quarter compared to 133.4 million shares in the fourth quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 21.1 million shares based on the average share price during the first quarter compared with 15.8 million for the same quarter in 2015 and 21.4 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of fourth quarter 2015 repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 1.8 million shares repurchased during the first quarter. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the first quarter were $144 million and $143 million, respectively, compared with $133 million and $126 million, respectively, for the first quarter of last year. With respect to full-year 2016 guidance, revenue for 2016 is now expected to be in the range of $1.125 billion to $1.140 billion representing an annual growth rate of approximately 6% to 7.5%. This revenue guidance is an increase from the $1.110 billion to $1.135 billion revenue range given on our last earnings call. The 2016 revenue range reflects our updated expectation of full-year 2016 domain name base growth, which is now in the range of the 1% to 2.5%. Full-year 2016, non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 62.5% and 64%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $110 million and $116 million, lowered from the $114 million to $120 million range as given on our last earnings call. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $35 million and $45 million, lowered from the $40 million to $50 million range as given on our last earnings call. Cash taxes for the year are still expected to be between $10 million to $20 million. Due to domestic tax attributes including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures, substantially all of the expected cash taxes in the 2016 are international. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the first quarter. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman: Thank you, George. In closing, during the first quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value to our shareholders. We believe that our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in a most efficient manner. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much. So, I guess I'd like to ask, in terms of the revenue growth rate, revenue grew 9.1% year-over-year, but the name file grew 7.1%. Historically, if you look at those two, they've been very close to one another within 10 basis points, and here you have 200 basis points different. Do you have any insight into why the revenue growth rate might have been 200 basis points stronger than the name growth rate?
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Steve. I think a couple of factors. One, as we mentioned last quarter, we did have a .net price increase that took effect in February of this year. Also really the timing of when the ads came in, we clearly had a very strong 4Q of name additions, and we also had a very strong 1Q name additions. And so, as that revenue waterfalls, that also helped. While not material, our BFS business continue to grow in the quarter as well.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. And then, you mentioned China, the expectation is that, that should normalize here in the second quarter. What gives you confidence or what leads you to believe that that's going to be the situation?
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think the short answer is, as we look at the trends, we've seen the demand that happened in the second half of the first quarter kind of ebb and flow. So we saw it come. It was pretty strong for a few weeks and then it came back to more than normalized path. So we don't have a perfect crystal ball, but based on the trends that we've seen that we've been tracking, it seems to be back on the normalized path for that particular region, at least as what we've seen historically.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is (14:37) for Sterling. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about the Japanese IDN, which I believe is in the (14:44) space. (14:45) at this point, are you able to disclose the pricing for the registry fees and also what will be the subsequent IDN fee – what will the subsequent IDN fee priced similarly? Thanks.
D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman: I'm sorry but that was completely unreadable on our end. I don't know if you are on a cell phone, but none of us in this room could get a word of it, I apologize.
Unknown Speaker: Hello. Can you – is this better?
D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman: Oh, that's much better.
Unknown Speaker: Sorry. I'm sorry about that. Yeah. Just quickly, I wanted to ask about the Japanese IDN. Are you able to disclose the pricing for the registry fee at this point? And will the subsequent IDNs be priced similarly?
Todd B. Strubbe - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, so in Japan – hi, this is Todd Strubbe. In Japan, we are currently in our limited release one phase and we enter a GA in June. Our pricing right now has a combination of base pricing and we have lunched premium pricing, so it's a combination. Our general availability pricing is established at $8 for the registrars and then has several tiers associated with premium pricing. Our Korea launch, we just announced, will go into Sunrise phase in May, as Jim said, with the targeted general availability for both Korea streams, the .com and the .net, in late August. And that pricing will likely be very similar to what we have priced in Japan.
Unknown Speaker: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll hear next from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, and good afternoon, everyone. Out of the 2.65 million net names that were added in the quarter, about how much of that came from Asia-Pac?
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So, we don't break out the gross adds by particular region, but what I can tell you is the incremental names that happened in the quarter that were – kind of surprised us was about a million names. So about a million incremental names in the quarter were over and above the trend line that we typically see in China.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And I guess, George, just getting back to your commentary on the ebbs and flows with respect to the second half of Q1 in China. If we sort of think back to Q4, if I recall, you had an extremely strong first six weeks in that quarter and then the activity seemed to die down quite a bit as well. Is the thought on normalization in Q2 a function of seasonality being stronger in Q1 versus Q4? I guess just any commentary there would be helpful.
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Clearly, seasonality has some to do with it. Q2 tends to be a little bit less than Q1. Q1 does tend to be our strongest quarter. But when we look at the trends from that particular market, it just deviated from the normal trend that we were expecting. And then again, subsequent to the end of the quarter, it came pretty much back on our expectations. The only other color I can give you is that, in fourth quarter when we saw the demand coming out of China, that was pretty broad spread across many TLDs and across frankly many of our own TLDs, whereas the one that happened in Q1 was fairly localized to .com. I don't have intelligence for all the other TLDs per se, but I can tell you, it was much more centered at .com than the Q4 event.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just one last question. I guess either for Jim and George. So just in light of the net adds activity in Q1, and then if I take the midpoint of your Q2, new name guidance, based on my math, it looks like the high end of your new 2016 guidance for unit growth, which would be 2.5%, it looks like that would actually imply if I'm not mistaken, net deletions not only for the Q4 as you outlined in your script, but in fact for the entire second half. And just wondering if you could help me understand, I guess, why the unit growth guidance for the full year would not be higher than 1% to 2.5% or is it just a function of conservatism?
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, just again in Q4 since the number of incremental names was so strong, we had about 3.5 million incremental names out of a total of 12.2 million. We hadn't seen that level of activity from the investment community over there. And so, it's a little bit of a unicorn. We're not exactly sure what the renewal rates are there. And so, we're just being, I think, prudent as to estimating what renewal rates can be, because we don't quite have an experience with that particular segment of that base and how they'll perform.
D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman: I think you need just think of it as a conservative approach to forecasting in a situation where we have a situation arising in Q4 that we just simply haven't seen before. We have a lot of data, and we have a lot of forecasting tools, but I think you should view that forecast in that light.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Could you help us understand as you look out at maybe 1Q 2017? I know you're not providing 2017 guidance in total. But do you expect kind of the same dynamic in that period to persist from what you're seeing in 4Q given the overage in registrations coming out of Asia in the current or in the most recent reported quarter?
D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman: I think it's just too early to speculate as to what will happen in Q1, but certainly what happened in Q1 of 2016 is very different than what happened in Q4 of 2015. So, the impact that we're anticipating in Q4 of 2016 really wouldn't be the same in the subsequent quarter. And I think it's sort of a favorable development that there's more of a concentration of .com registrations in the sort of increase in activity in Q1 of 2016 So, it's early to say, but I think there's just a larger number of renewing names, that ratio that exists in Q4 of 2016 is not very likely to be the same in subsequent quarters, it almost certainly won't.
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: And the only other thing I'll say is that – when we start seeing these names start to renew late in Q3 and Q4, we'll get some additional information that will help us to answer that question for Q1 and when we provide guidance on our fourth quarter call.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then, just as, Jim, as it relates to the contract processes, you said you're in the final stages there. I assume the next stage here would be a posting of that contract and – posting the agreements in the public comment period. And could you just let us know what your expected dates are to have that process wrapped up?
D. James Bidzos - President, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Chairman: Yeah. I can't speak for all the parties involved. So, I can't give you a date. I can just tell you that we've moved down the road in drafting the agreement and we're much further along in that process and we certainly are making progress and I'm sure that, we'll certainly know more by the next time we talk to you in the following quarter, and it's very possible that something could happen before that.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just last question for George, on the guide for the year, you did raise your revenue guidance on the back of the strengthened demands. You didn't change your margin guidance, is there a corresponding increase in spending that you're pushing through or what else would explain the difference between higher revenue and margins not going up?
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Looking in our business with the recurring revenue model, we're clearly looking to continue to drive growth that we see various opportunities in various markets and we're trying to be flexible in making investments and marking to drive additional growth. And so we're always putting plans in place for future periods. We do have some variable costs, as it relates to the fees that are charged for domain names that we pay to ICANN as these fees right up, so we do have some variable costs there. And if you look at some of our costs quarter-over-quarter, we have been investing in the business, but, yeah, I think, what you should imply is that as revenue grows, we're looking to invest in the business and maintain margins in the range we guided to.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Gray Powell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple. So how should we think about the pace of internationalized.com and .net trans order agents (24:27) coming on or going GA over the rest of the year? And do you have any indications of early demand?
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: I think, Gray, and I think it's just too early. The limited release phase that we're in right now, those who are able to buy the .komo (24:53), the Japanese name, are limited to those who have the .com and they have to do that sort of the registrar, they have the .com, so the combination of those two has limited the addressable market in that limited release phase. So we'll really start to see once we hit general availability in the June timeframe and the 30, 60, 90 days after that. Same thing with Korea. Korea will be different in that we have both a .com and a .net there, so that will be the first time we'll test both of those strings in that market. And our follow-on plans past Korea, we're working on them and as we learn from Japan and Korea, both will help determine what we do next.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can any of those strings hit in the second half of the year or is it just too early to say?
George E. Kilguss III - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: I think we're – we would be targeting probably two more strings by the second half of the year, maybe a third. So, we – that would be the high level plans, I'd say, but still not ready to share those yet.
Gray W. Powell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the call back over to David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley, CFA - Vice President, Treasury & Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2015 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and any unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our verisign.com website. There, you will also find our fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited. And our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks. And afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. During 2015, VeriSign delivered strong financial performance, including reporting $1.059 billion in revenues, expanding free cash flow to $629 million, and producing full-year non-GAAP operating margins of 61.5%. Operationally, 2015 was another strong year for the company. VeriSign processed 38.8 million new .com and .net domain name registrations and finished the year with 139.8 million .com and .net names in the domain name base. During the year, we marked more than 18 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net. As a part of managing our business, during the fourth quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.8 million shares for $150 million. During the full-year 2015, we repurchased 9.3 million shares for $622 million. Effective today, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for repurchase by approximately $611 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share buyback program, which has no expiration. Our financial position is strong with $1.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter, of which $753 million was held domestically and the remainder held abroad. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net was 139.8 million, consisting of 124 million names for .com and 15.8 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 6.3% year-over-year, as calculated including domain names on hold for both periods. In the fourth quarter, we added 4.6 million net names to the domain name base after processing 12.2 million new gross registrations. In the third quarter of 2015, the renewal rate was 71.9% compared with 72% for the same quarter of 2014. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2015 will be approximately 73.3%. This preliminary rate compares favorably to 72.5% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2014. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive domain growth. These include, but are not limited to, Internet adoption, economic activity, e-commerce activity, and registrar go-to-market strategies. Towards the end of the third quarter and mainly during the first two months of the fourth quarter, we saw higher volume of gross additions coming largely in our Asia-Pacific region, primarily through registrars in China. While we believe China and the Asia-Pacific region will continue to perform well, we expect these markets to return to more normal levels in 2016. Based on registrar feedback, the most likely contributor of the additional gross addition volume appears to have been driven primarily from domain investment activity in that region. Also, as we have noted in the past, the renewal rates for domain names registered in emerging markets, such as Asia-Pacific, have historically been lower than those registered in more developed markets. Considering these factors, we expect the first three quarters of the year to have roughly a similar pattern of quarterly net additions to the domain name base as we saw during 2015. However, we expect the fourth quarter of 2016 to be somewhat unique, as the expiring domain name base in that quarter will have the largest percentage of first-time renewing names that we've seen as a result of the strong Q4 2015 performance. While it's difficult to assess what the renewal characteristics of these new names will be due to the unusually large upcoming Q4 2016 expiring base, we expect fourth quarter deletions to be elevated. Accordingly, deletions could exceed additions in the fourth quarter of 2016. Based on these and other factors, we expect the first quarter 2016 net change to the domain name base to be an increase of between 1.5 million and 2 million names. And we are forecasting the full-year 2016 domain name base growth rate to be between 0.5% and 2%. As noted in prior calls, updates to the domain name base are posted on our website at least once per day. And our website allows you to track the domain name base throughout the coming quarter and year. Finally, as an update related to the launch of our internationalized domain name versions of .com and .net, during December, the localized Katakana version of .com in Japanese launched and will be in the Sunrise Period until March 14. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the full-year 2015, we recognize revenue of $1.059 billion, up 4.9% from full-year 2014 revenue and delivered GAAP operating income of $606 million, up 7.4% from $564 million for the full-year 2014. During the fourth quarter, we recognized revenue of $273 million, up 6.5% year-over-year and delivered GAAP operating income of $158 million, up 11.3% from $142 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. The GAAP operating margin in the fourth quarter came to 58.1%, compared to 55.6% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $102 million, compared to $65 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.76 in the fourth quarter this year, compared to $0.48 for the fourth quarter last year. As described last year, our fourth quarter 2014 GAAP net income was decreased by $26 million and diluted EPS was decreased by $0.19, primarily due to a non-U.S. income tax charge related to a reorganization of certain international operations and a charge in estimate for U.S. income tax charges related to the repatriation of offshore assets back in 2014. As of December 31, 2015, the company maintained total assets of $2.4 billion. These assets included $1.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $753 million were held domestically with the remainder held abroad. Total liabilities were $3.4 billion at year end, up from $2.8 billion at the end of 2014, primarily as a result of the issuance of a new 10-year, 5.25%, $500 million debenture completed in the first quarter of 2015. I'll now review some of our key metrics for our fourth quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow, and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2016 full-year guidance. As mentioned, 2015 full year revenue was $1.059 billion, up 4.9% from full-year 2014 revenues. Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2015 totaled $273 million, up 6.5% from the fourth quarter of 2014 and 2.6% sequentially. During the quarter, 59% of our revenues was from customers in the U.S. and 41% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at the end of the fourth quarter totaled $961 million, a $71 million increase from year-end 2014. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $12 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $103 million compared with $99 million in the third quarter of 2015 and down from $104 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 62.4% compared to 59.4% in the same quarter of 2014. Full-year 2015 non-GAAP operating margin was 61.5%. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $105 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.79, based on a weighted average diluted share count of 133.4 million shares. This compares to $0.70 in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $0.78 last quarter, based on 135.9 million and 131.7 million weighted average diluted shares, respectively. Full-year 2015 non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.05, a 12% increase over 2014. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 133.4 million shares in the fourth quarter compared to 131.7 million shares in the third quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 21.4 million shares based on the average share price during the fourth quarter compared with 14.7 million for the same quarter in 2014 and 18 million shares last quarter. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the fourth quarter were $189 million and $176 million, respectively, compared with $170 million and $159 million, respectively, for the fourth quarter last year. Full-year 2015 operating cash flow was $651 million compared with $601 million for 2014. Free cash flow for 2015 was $629 million compared with $568 million for 2014. Also, as we have discussed on recent earnings calls, we expect our cash tax rate to stay below the 26% tax rate used for non-GAAP calculations for at least the next several years. In 2016 we expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $10 million to $20 million. Due to domestic tax attributes, including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures, substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2016 are international. With respect to full-year 2016 guidance, revenue for 2016 is expected to be in the range of $1.110 billion to $1.135 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 5% to 7%. Full year-2016 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 62.5% and 64%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income, net, is expected to be an expense of between $114 million to $120 million. Capital expenditures for the year are expected to be between $40 million and $50 million. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance throughout 2015. We have grown non-GAAP operating margins, non-GAAP net income, operating cash flow and free cash flow. We have maintained a strong financial position and expect our strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. I want to take this opportunity to update you on another item. On March 14, 2014, the U.S. National Telecommunications and Information Administration, or NTIA, announced its intent to transition its historic stewardship role related to the Internet's domain name system to the global multistakeholder community. A year later, in March of 2015, in preparation for the implementation phase of the IANA stewardship transition, NTIA asked VeriSign and ICANN to submit a proposal detailing how best to remove NTIA's administrative role associated with root zone management. These related root zone management functions involve our role as Root Zone Maintainer under the Cooperative Agreement with the Department of Commerce. In response to the March 2015 request from NTIA, ICANN and VeriSign submitted a proposal to NTIA, describing how best to remove NTIA's administrative role associated with the root zone management in a manner that maintains the security, stability and resiliency of the Internet's domain name system. NTIA published this joint ICANN-VeriSign proposal on August 17, 2015, noting it was anticipated that performance of the Root Zone Maintainer function would be conducted by VeriSign under a new Root Zone Maintainer Agreement with ICANN once the Root Zone Maintainer function obligations under the Cooperative Agreement were completed. ICANN and VeriSign are in the final stages of drafting the new Root Zone Maintainer Agreement to perform this Root Zone Maintainer role as a commercial service for ICANN upon the successful transition of the IANA functions. The Root Zone Maintainer functions performed by VeriSign are delivered via the secure, stable and resilient purpose-built DNS infrastructure that has delivered .com, .net and A and J RootZone services for an uninterrupted and unparalleled 18 years. To ensure that root operations continue to perform at the same high level during the expected 10-year term of the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement, ICANN and VeriSign are in discussions to extend the term of the .com Registry Agreement to coincide with the expected 10-year term of the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement, ensuring that the terms of the two agreements are the same, will promote the stability of root operations, and will remove potential instability that might otherwise arise if the terms did not coincide. VeriSign's commitment to security, stability, and resiliency within the DNS is the first priority and consideration in the performance of our roles as directed by ICANN and the NTIA. While we cannot yet determine when or if these documents will be completed, having stability with these key contracts is an important component of the stability of the core infrastructure of the Internet. While ICANN and VeriSign are in the final stage of preparing the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement and the .com Registry Agreement extension documents, there are several important steps that still need to occur including completing the drafting of the agreements, posting them for public comment and obtaining approvals from ICANN's and VeriSign's Board of Directors. Additionally, under the Cooperative Agreement, we may not enter into the contemplated extension of the .com Registry Agreement without the prior written approval of the Department of Commerce. If the department does not approve the extension, then the current .com Registry Agreement will remain unchanged. We will provide periodic updates, as appropriate, on our progress toward these objectives. In closing, during the last year, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value to our shareholders. The end of 2015 marks five years since the completion of our divestiture program and the sale of our Authentication Services Business. Our goal then was to simplify the company's business through divestment of non-core assets and to focus on profitability and value creation. Since the end of 2010, revenue has grown sequentially for five straight years. Annual non-GAAP EPS has grown steadily from $1.04 in 2010 to $3.05 in 2015. Free cash flow has grown steadily and was $629 million during 2015. Non-GAAP operating margin has risen steadily from 41.8% in 2010 to 61.5% during 2015. We have returned $3.8 billion to our shareholders, including repurchasing over 70 million shares for $3.36 billion, which exceeds our domestic free cash flow for the same period. We believe the long trend lines of growth in the top and bottom line, along with a consistent track record in returning generated value to our shareholders through effective capital allocation and an efficient capital structure, are what matter most to our shareholders. We believe the proper balance within our strategy framework, protect, grow and manage, is what makes it possible for us to deliver this type of consistent long-term result and simultaneously serve the interests of our shareholders, employees and customers. I am sometimes asked what the next big thing is for VeriSign. And my answer is simple, more of the same; steady and efficient operation of a great business, so that we can steadily and consistently create value and efficiently return that value to our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks so much; just like to go back to the changing the terms of the .com agreement. And just be clear, can you tell us what, from a practical standpoint, from an investor perspective, is going to change potentially with the new contracting?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure, Steve. So, first of all, I think it helps to just understand that we're not actually changing the terms of the .com Registry Agreement. And this is not a renewal. This is an extension. We are negotiating entering into a 10-year contract with ICANN to perform commercial services as the Root Zone Maintainer, services that we now perform under contract to the NTIA. The contemplated or anticipated term of that agreement is 10 years. In order to ensure the same steady, available, uninterrupted, secure and stable environment that we've been providing for three decades as a Root Zone Maintainer, it is also anticipated – we are discussing – the extension of the .com Registry Agreement for 10 years. So at that point, should all of these conditions that I described earlier, for example, approval of ICANN's Board of Directors and VeriSign's Board of Directors, no changes whatsoever can be made to the .com Registry Agreement without the consent of the NTIA. So subject to those approvals and the transition occurring, then we would have 10-year concurrent terms for the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement and the .com Registry Agreement. So what you would see is essentially a change of the date, the term, of the .com Registry Agreement. That's essentially the change. From an investor viewpoint, instead of a renewal in 2018, you would see a 10-year term that starts with the effective date of the two changes, the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement and the extended .com Registry Agreement. So, instead of November 30, 2018, you would see a date that is 10 years from the effective date of those two.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): But when would that be executed? When is the date of actually extending the terms?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: So, again, qualifying all of this to say that if we conclude our negotiations, we get all the necessary approvals, the triggering event that marks the "effective date" would then be the IANA transition occurring. That process has been underway since March of 2014. I certainly can't say with any definite date when that will happen, but I can tell you that there is steady progress on the transition. The target date is September of 2016. That is the date of the expiration of the IANA contract between NTIA and ICANN. And if everything occurs at that point and it is certainly possible, all of the work that needs to be done can be accomplished by that date, but again I can't, of course, tell you what will happen when. I can simply tell you that that is everyone's goal and that the community, ICANN, NTIA, et cetera, are all driving for that September 2016 date. So, that is the best date that everybody's shooting for. So, if you wanted to know roughly when that might happen, that would be the target date.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. And then, just my quick follow-up here is on the surge in domain names we saw in China and you called out the fact that just getting some feedback from registrars, that it looked like it was investment. What do you think drove that investment? Is it possible that the new gTLDs, specifically the ones you own, the .coms, are an incentive for people to own, maybe .com in other languages? Well, what might have driven the investment surge?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, Steve, this is George. Just to put some more clarification around it, the growth in the fourth quarter was not unique to .com and .net. The local ccTLD .cn reported increased growth in the quarter. We've seen other TLDs report growth. And so, .com and .net has also performed quite well in that year. So it was – we call it – clearly solid investment community in the emerging market performed well. Again, we don't have direct visibility into the end user. Our customers are the registrars in those regions. But again, based on the information that we have, we saw that the investor community performed well across the board.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: We'll hear next from Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks, guys, just a couple questions and congrats on a strong quarter. First, to the NTIA announcement that you guys talked about there, the potential 10-year extension, you said sort of negotiations. Are you kind of submitting to the idea that everything sort of remains stable and just gets extended for 10 years on sort of the same price point and the same terms, or is there some sort of, kind of, give and take with this extension? And then, also, just as a follow-up to the quarter itself, you said, obviously, there was a spike out of China. I wonder if you could help us quantify that. Just kind of how many names are we talking about that were sort of over and above, call it, a normal run rate in Q4? Thanks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: This is Jim. Let me take the first part of your question. I would just reiterate again that what we're contemplating here, what we're working towards, is an extension of the .com agreement. So, the terms wouldn't change in the .com agreement. It is literally an extension so that it coincides with the new Root Zone Maintainer Agreement. Essentially, the goal is to make the term of those two contracts to run concurrently. That's the objective. So, we don't anticipate that there will be any substantive change or any change, actually, to the terms of the agreement itself, if that helps. Does that answer your question?
Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes, that's perfect. Thank you.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: And, Phil, with regard to your question on Q4 net adds, as discussed, net additions in the fourth quarter were 4.6 million, and they were comprised of 12.2 million new adds, new registrations, and 7.6 million deletes from prior periods. The 4.6 million was up about 3.8 million from the 800,000 we achieved in Q4 2014 and up about 2.9 million from the 1.7 million net adds delivered in Q3 2015. The Q4 year-over-year improvement was primarily a result of about 3.5 million incremental registrations coming out of our Asia-Pacific region. As we mentioned, that was primarily China and appear largely to be from the investor community over there.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Phil, this is Jim, too. Just to clarify, I want to make sure I answered entirely your first question. You were asking me about a change in terms of the .com agreement. Did you mean to implicate at all the Cooperative Agreement and the terms, for example, such as the price caps on the price of .coms?
Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Both those two, the Cooperative and the .com, exactly. So the price caps, but also just the sort of presumptive right of renewal, things like that.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. So let me just say that, first of all, the terms of the .com agreement will not change, and the presumptive right of renewal, of course, would remain in the .com agreement. The .com agreement doesn't actually address pricing. That's addressed separately in the Cooperative Agreement. The Amendment 11 of the Cooperative Agreement is the section that describes our contractual relationship with NTIA with respect to the root zone maintainer role. And that is the portion that it's contemplated would essentially move into a new contract, the RZMA that we're negotiating with ICANN. Amendment 32 is a separate part of the Cooperative Agreement that addresses pricing with respect to our ability to seek a price change if we think it's justified by market conditions. So I certainly don't anticipate that that would change. That would remain. So VeriSign's right to seek relief from price controls based on market conditions that would warrant it would remain.
Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Awesome. Thanks, guys. Appreciate the detail.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Just three quick questions, one on the agreements, so you did mention that it is not a renewal, it'a an extension. But I'm assuming that the Department of Commerce review would be similar to what the review would be during a renewal? I just wanted to make sure I understood what the difference was technically between an extension and renewal for those purposes.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. I don't believe that's the case. I think the extension means that the date changes on the agreement. But any change to the agreement requires the consent of the NTIA. And so, I can't speak for NTIA. This is their process. The part of the process we're involved in would be to negotiate the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement with ICANN to present that along with a .com contract that has the date extended and present that to NTIA. This is, of course, in response to their March 2015 request for a way to transition the root zone maintainer role and to take NTIA out of that process. So that will be up to them when they see it. So I think that's what they asked for and that's what they're looking for. This is not a renewal in the sense that all of the normal things that happen during a renewal would happen. So I don't quite see it that way. I see this is precisely what NTIA has called it. It's a parallel process to address the issue of the root and parallel to the IANA transition process, which began in March of 2014.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then, George, on your end, there's been a lot of activity in the TLD space and you've had a lot of marketing dollars, I think, come into the market. And I think you even in your lawsuit with XYZ talked about having to spend more money from a – I can't remember what you called it – remedial marketing, something like that, to make sure your brand was positioned right. I'm wondering. Your guidance really doesn't seem to imply any kind of uptick in marketing spend. I'm wondering if you could just help us understand what the environment looks like, what you decided to bake in to your guide from a marketing expense perspective.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. So, from a sales and marketing perspective, we would expect that sales and marketing expense to be similar as a percent of revenue as it has been this year.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. And then just lastly, you guys obviously did divestitures for a number of years. You haven't really done any M&A. Is there any update on how you're thinking about inorganic activities as it relates to your strategy in 2016 and beyond?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: This is Jim. So, in a word, no, but let me just say this. During my earlier remarks, I mentioned that the next big thing for VeriSign is more of the same. What we did for the last five years in efficiently running our business, providing security and stability, generating value, and efficiently returning that value to our shareholders; that's what you're going to see for the next five years. So, some sort of inorganic growth strategy to try to grow in other businesses or non-core businesses is not part of our plan. And I certainly don't see that happening. And we've been very consistent about that messaging. Now, I've also consistently said something else over the last year or two, which is that, for example, the new gTLD program could present some inorganic opportunities in our core business. And that's certainly still true. In fact, just recently, a group of observers of that marketplace, who are heavily involved in, all sort of opined that 2016 could be the year of consolidation in that business. And certainly those opportunities to acquire growth in our core business would be something we'd look at, and we've been very consistent about all of that. Since completing the divestitures, our position on acquisitions is essentially unchanged. But again, if we see opportunities that come along, we're not opposed to looking at those, as long as they're consistent with our core business, consistent with our commitment to deliver profitable growth. Again, the opportunity to participate in a consolidation in 2016, that's an opportunity for us. As a significant part of our corporate strategy for 2016 we have evaluated, and we are pursuing, and we'll continue to evaluate and pursue, acquisitions of TLDs that are currently in operation, those that have not yet been awarded, in support of our growth strategy as long as they fit with that strategy.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. That makes sense. Thanks, Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll now take our last question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much and good afternoon, guys. Jim, just, I guess, to start off to follow on to Phil's question, I just want to make sure we're on the same page here. Should the .com agreement and Cooperative Agreement get sort of rolled into this 10-year extension? If that does come to fruition, is the expectation that there would be no built-in price escalators, but that VeriSign would be able to petition if there was a change in market power or if there were some sort of unusual expense that was required of VeriSign from a security perspective to secure the DNS? Do I have that correctly?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Almost. Yes. For the most part, you have it correct. But let me just point out the .com – so the short answer to your question is yes. I don't expect any of that to change. I anticipate that we would have our Amendment 32 rights to petition based on changing market conditions for price relief. And also that, certainly, the agreement calls for the ability for VeriSign to seek so-called cost-justified price increases and that includes things like cost of implementing Consensus Policies or specific threats to the DNS that are extraordinary that we have to respond to – unanticipated expenses associated with responding to threats. So I don't see those changing at all. But in the front part of your question, you sort of lumped the .com Registry Agreement and the Cooperative Agreement together, and those are different agreements. What we're doing here is we're seeking an extension to the .com Registry Agreement. The Cooperative Agreement expires in 2018, and we are not seeking any change to that. That is up to NTIA. That is their process, their contract, so I would certainly defer to them. But we are not rolling up those two together for a 10-year extension. We are just simply ensuring that the .com Registry Agreement, which, I might add, has the most stringent SLAs, the most stringent security performance requirements of any Registry Agreement, run concurrently with the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement, because remember, our performance as the Root Zone Maintainer and Publisher, essentially you can think of it as the bootstrapping process of the Internet, which we do at least twice a day. And it is critically important to the secure operation of the global Internet that that process be done in an uninterrupted, secure way. And so in order to achieve that, we are seeking a concurrent term for the .com Registry Agreement, which addresses the infrastructure and the performance requirements for that infrastructure that provides the security for .com and .net and the roots to run concurrently with the Root Zone Maintainer Agreement for obvious reasons, to avoid any possible instability that might result. The Cooperative Agreement, the only thing that we anticipate would change – I'm not speaking for NTIA, but I assume, at some point, Amendment 11, which talks about our role as the Root Zone Maintainer would, of necessity, change. But we have no anticipation or expectation that anything else would change. It expires in 2018, but it's up to NTIA to decide at that point what happens.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Okay. Thanks for that, Jim. And then earlier, you said that you believe that deletions in Q4 could exceed additions, just given the big uptick in first-time renewals. As part of your unit growth guidance of 0.5% to 2%, if we sort of look at the mid-point of that, is that effectively what you're kind of factoring in for Q4? Just wondering how you're sort of thinking about that as part of the guidance.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, I think it is factored in. I'll let George offer you some more color on that. But I will just say that Q4 is a ways off. It is unique. We had basically roughly a 50% increase from the year ago quarter in Q4 of 2015. I think we had 8-point-something million gross adds in Q4 of 2014 and we went to 12.2 million in Q4 of 2015. So it was extraordinary in that sense. And it's technically possible that a wide range of outcomes could result. And so, I just wanted to point out that one possibility certainly is that deletes could exceed adds just because of the sheer volume of gross adds that occurred in Q4 of 2015. That is a mathematical fact and I just wanted to point it out and maybe George can add some color.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's exactly right. I mean, as Jim pointed out, last year in the fourth quarter of 2014, 8.2 million adds versus the 12.2 million adds in the fourth quarter of this year, so 4 million increase in the additions. As we historically know, first-time renewal rates are typically around 50%, so that would mathematically suggest that there's maybe a 2 million unit increase in deletions. We've also said that when we look around the world from a renewal rate perspective, we do see emerging markets having a slightly lower renewal rate, on average. So that could impact the number as well. Clearly, what would dictate Q4 net adds would be the other side of that equation as to what gross adds would be. But clearly, as we said in our prepared remarks, the renewing name base is going to be large. I mean, we had a great, great fourth quarter. And so we'll have those names come up for renewal, and we'll keep an eye on what the renewal rate is. But historically, our first-time renewal rate has been 50%.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And if I could just ask one last one, George, can you just walk through why expected cash taxes for 2016 are likely to be quite a bit lower than 2015?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. I'd be happy to. In 2015 last year, we did have some expense related to a small restructuring of a portion of our international operations, and the primary difference is that restructuring amount. Again, from a U.S. perspective, we have our convertible debenture that produces a tax shield. Last year, it was about $165 million, as we said. That convertible debenture tax shield tends to grow about 6% year-over-year. We also have approximately $173 million of foreign tax credits that we expect to utilize before they expire over the next seven or eight years. And so we don't expect to pay very much U.S. tax based on our attributes. So really we would look to the $10 million to $20 million to be primarily foreign taxes, but, again, we had a small restructuring. We talked about it last year, where we did pay some cash taxes as a result of that international restructuring.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, very helpful. Thank you, guys.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the call back over to David Atchley for final comments.
David Atchley, CFA - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, Operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Walter Pritchard - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to VeriSign's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Just a reminder that this conference is being recorded and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's third quarter 2015 earnings call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO and George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our verisign.com website. There you will also find our third quarter 2015 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Third quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $266 million, up 4.2% year-over-year and we delivered strong financial performance, including $157 million in free cash flow. We processed 9.2 million new registrations during the third quarter and added 1.68 million net new names ending with 135.2 million .com and .net domain names in the domain name base. Our financial position is strong with $1.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Our commitment to returning value to shareholders continued during the third quarter as we repurchased 2.3 million shares for $156 million. As of September 30, 2015, we have $605 million remaining in our share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. As discussed on our last call, we're making progress as we prepare to launch the internationalized domain name versions of .com and .net. Our launch preparations are proceeding according to plan as we prepare to begin a phased rollout of the IDNs toward the end of this year. We will provide more information on our launch plans when appropriate. I'll comment now on third quarter operating highlights. At the end of September, the domain name base in .com and .net was 135.2 million, consisting of 120.1 million names for .com and 15.1 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 3.4% year-over-year, as calculated including domain names on hold for both periods. In the third quarter, we added 1.68 million net names to the domain name base after processing 9.2 million new gross registrations. In the second quarter of 2015, the renewal rate was 72.7% compared with 71.8% for the same quarter of 2014. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2015 will be approximately 71.8%. This preliminary rate compares to 72.0% achieved in the third quarter of 2014. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive domain growth. These include Internet adoption, economic activity, e-commerce activity and registrar go-to-market strategies. During the third quarter, we saw strength in gross additions coming out of emerging and international markets, particularly in Asia. While we believe these markets will continue to perform well, we believe the pace of activity we saw during the third quarter will slow sequentially in the fourth quarter. Also due to seasonal factors, the fourth quarter tends to have fewer net additions than the third quarter, as was seen in the last two years. Based on these and other factors, we are forecasting fourth quarter 2015 net additions to the domain name base to be between 1.1 million and 1.6 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the domain name base are posted on our website at least once per day and reflect the definition change to include on hold status names, as we discussed during our February earnings call. Our website allows you to track the domain name base throughout the coming quarter. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. During the third quarter, we generated revenue of $266 million, up 4.2% year-over-year and delivered GAAP operating income of $154 million, up 10.7% from $139 million in the third quarter of 2014. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 58.1%, compared to 54.7% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $92 million, compared to $95 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.70 in the third quarter this year, compared to $0.69 for the third quarter last year. As of September 30, 2015, the company maintained total assets of $2.6 billion. These assets included $1.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $794 million were held domestically with the remainder held internationally. Total liabilities were $3.6 billion at the quarter end, up from $3 billion at the end of 2014. I'll now review some of our key third quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2015 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $266 million for the third quarter. 60% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S. and 40% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at the end of the third quarter totaled $940 million, a $50 million increase from year-end 2014. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $12 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $99 million, down from $102 million in the second quarter of 2015 and compared with $101 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 62.7% compared to 60.6% in the same quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $103 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.78 based on our weighted average diluted share count of 131.7 million shares. This compares to $0.70 in the third quarter of 2014 and $0.74 last quarter based on $138.1 million and $133.3 million weighted average diluted shares, respectively. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the third quarter were $155 million and $157 million respectively, compared with $168 million and $150 million respectively for the third quarter last year. Also as we've discussed on recent earnings calls, we expect our cash tax rate to stay below our tax rate used for non-GAAP calculations for at least the next several years. In 2015, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million. Substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2015 are international. With respect to full year 2015 guidance, revenue for 2015 is now expected to be in the range of $1.050 billion to $1.055 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 4% to 4.5%. This revenue range is narrowed from the $1.045 billion to $1.055 billion given on our last call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2015 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 61% and 62%. This has been narrowed from the 60% to 62% range given on our last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $104 million to $108 million, narrowed from the $104 million to $110 million expense range given on our last call. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $37 million and $42 million, changed from $40 million and $50 million range given our last call. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance in the third quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating margins and non-GAAP net income. We have maintained a strong financial position and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. During the third quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value to our shareholders. I'd like to expand a bit on what we think that actually means. I believe the best way to do that is to offer some long-term perspective on VeriSign's performance since the completion of our divestures five years or 20 quarters ago. Our goal then was to simplify the company's business through divestment of non-core assets and to focus on profitability and value creation. Since then, revenue has grown sequentially for 20 straight quarters. Non-GAAP EPS has grown steadily from $0.31 in Q4 2010 to $0.78 in Q3 2015. Free cash flow has grown steadily and was $612 million over the trailing four quarters. Non-GAAP operating margin has risen steadily from 44.3% in Q4 2010 to 62.7% in the most recent quarter. Over the last 20 quarters, we've returned $4.2 billion to our shareholders. We repurchased over 69 million shares for $3.22 billion, which exceeds our domestic free cash flow for the same period, and in that same timeframe, we returned $982 million in special dividends, excluding payments to convert holders triggered by that special dividend. Our $2.75 per share dividend in 2011 was a 100% tax-free return of capital. We believe the long trend lines of growth in the top line and bottom line, along with the consistent track record in returning generated value to our shareholders through effective capital allocation and an efficient capital structure are what matter most to our shareholders. We believe that proper balance within our strategy framework: protect, grow and manage is what makes it possible for us to deliver this type of consistent long-term result and simultaneously serve the interests of our shareholders, employees and customers. We intend to continue our steady focus on long-term consistency. We'll now take your questions and Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, thanks very much. Would love to get some color on the acceleration that we saw in growth in domain names, 9.2 million new. That's a number – I don't know the last time we saw a number that high. And you mentioned Asia, but maybe you could give us a little bit more color on, maybe what might have drove that strength?
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure, Steve. This is George Kilguss. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we did see 1.68 million net additions to the domain name base and as you pointed out, there were 9.2 million gross additions in the third quarter. During the third quarter, we saw continued strength in additions coming out of international markets, particularly Asia. Now that region includes markets such as China, India, Indonesia, Vietnam, et cetera, and all those regions we've seen good growth in those regions. We also mentioned that while we believe these markets will continue to perform well, we also believe that the pace of activity we saw in the third quarter will slow sequentially in the fourth quarter. We did give guidance of 1.1 million to 1.6 million. The midpoint of that is about 1.35 million. If you recall, last year we did about 700,000 names in Q4 2014. So we do expect to have good net adds in the fourth quarter.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And so there was not promotional activity by registrars or anything out of the norm during the period in the Asian markets?
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: When you say out of the norm, I mean registrars do run promotional activities. I believe there is a few registrars that do some around certain holidays. But in most of our marketing programs, we put those in place throughout the year. So we continue to have a consistent level of spend or activity in those markets, but nothing unusual that I'm aware of from a marketing perspective.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sorry. I would just add to that that nothing extraordinary and I feel I'd be remiss if I didn't just underlie George's comments with the fact that com is just a strong brand and it typically performs well and we see it continue to do so.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And just my last question is on the renewal rates, you projecting them to maybe go down a little bit to 71.8% in the fourth quarter. What – can you give us some color on what might be causing that to go down a little bit?
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. So it's relatively flat year-over-year, Steve. We had 72% last year at this time, 71.8%, so we're talking about 20 basis points. But really the renewal rate is speaking to the registrations that were registered a year ago. We are seeing a little lower tick in the first-time renewal rate, but again that's more as we shift geographies and sell more into what we've talked about emerging markets, international markets, some of those markets have lower first-time renewal rates. But which have improved during the year, but at least quarter – year-over-year, we expect it to go – to be flat. But it – seasonally it tends to go down a little bit in the third quarter based on our historical activity.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go next to Sterling Auty at JPMorgan.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. It's actually Mina Confit (17:07) in for Sterling. Thanks for taking my question. I actually have two questions and I just got disconnected. So if you answered them in the meantime, I apologize. The first one is about the new domain name registrations. You had 9.2 million this quarter, which I think is the strongest in the recent quarters. So could you maybe talk a little bit about what might have been the driver for that? And also I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what kind of contribution we should see from the IDNs, if you have any updates on that. Thank you.
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. So, as far as the strong adds in the quarter. Again, we saw good activity coming out of international markets, primarily Asia, but those markets I talked about earlier, China, India, Indonesia, Vietnam. We've seen growth in all those markets. So, we're very pleased with that growth over there. It seems to accelerate in the quarter. We're having a good month-to-date as well over there. So, we'll monitor that activity, but we've been – we guided up for the fourth quarter versus last year. We're guiding 1.1 million to 1.6 million, but good demand out of the Asia region is what we're seeing over there.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Great. And this is Jim. If I can just answer the second part of your question or your second question about IDNs. So, the news this quarter is that we are on track to begin a rollout and launch before the end of the year. I think it's early at this point to speculate about how they'll perform or provide any sort of guidance or revenue forecasts. I will say that I think when we're talking to you a quarter from now, obviously the beginning of the rollout with the first IDN or IDNs at that time will give us some things to talk to you about and I'm sure when we're talking about Q1, 2015, by then, we'll actually have been in market. We'll be beyond rollout, we'll be in market and we'll certainly have more data for you or more to talk about then. So, early now, to speculate about any of those things. I think the important news is that we're on track and we're still tracking on our commitment of last quarter to begin our rollout before the end of the calendar year in 2015. That answered your questions?
Unknown Speaker: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
David Atchley - VeriSign, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Fred Ziegel at Topeka Capital Markets.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: Hi guys. So just a follow-up to the last question. When you say begin the roll out, do I take that to mean some will be out by the end of the year but not all? And as a follow-on to that question, how should we think about it in – or how do you guys think about it in terms of prioritizing the timing IDN by IDN?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Fred. Yeah, so I think the first part of your question had an implicit assumption that is correct, that we are rolling them out in some sequence. I don't want to say that we're certainly not rolling them all out at the same time. And I don't want to say that we're going to roll them out one after the other individually and have 11 separate rollouts. There is going to be a phased rollout that's based on our preparations, market analysis, readiness, ICANN process, a lot of different factors that will go into that. What we do know for certain is that we will begin with the – with at least one IDN before the end of the year. So there is some ICANN process that does play out here. There is a – an early period where brand holders have the ability to come in. There may be some early access opportunities for those who wish to get into the store early, so to speak. But that process will have begun before the end of the year. I expect that certainly by the turn of the year and in Q1, we will be with at least one. I think that's the only thing I can say comfortably without speculating, in-market. So we will be selling and there should be activity and we should be learning and we'll have more to talk about when we do talk about Q1 certainly. More to talk about after Q4, but a lot more to talk about after Q1.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: Can you give us an update on what's going on with the .brand marketplace?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, I can give you a general high level update there. There were some delays associated with .brands in particular, as ICANN recognized that .brands had needs that were different beyond what ICANN had originally anticipated, different needs as opposed to those who are getting into the business of selling domain names. So, some contractual issues were worked on between the brand community and ICANN and additional time was given to the brands, I believe. I don't have a specific number for you, but a number of brands that engaged in that process, some did sign contracts by a deadline. I believe there was another extension for some additional work by some brands who had special conditions, but we haven't seen a lot of them out in the market yet, but some of them have certainly announced their intentions to roll out their brand TLD. So, they're not visible. It's not that active, but there was some, quite a bit of activity, mostly contract signing with brands. So I would expect that next year you'll see some .brands in the market.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: And is it still your sense that they're likely to opt for .brand as a complement to dot.com, as opposed to a replacement?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: I certainly think so. I think there are a lot of different ways to think about this, but there's just so much investment in the brand in the .com registration for most of these large brands. I think to use a metaphor that may not be exactly perfect, but I think will give you the idea. If you had a telephone number that you had invested heavily for years extensively in creating awareness for people to – call you and order your product and you – a different number became available and you opted for that. If it costs you $7.85 a year to continue to forward your old number to your new one, you'd do that for as long as you have any number of people calling it. But there are in some cases of these global brands, an extraordinarily large amount of traffic associated with their current domain. So, it's very easy for them to simply redirect that traffic to it. So this is, I think you're getting to a question that I've answered in the past, which is that I don't expect these people who get a .brand to abandon their .com. They're certainly not going to do that, it is their brand. It's inexpensive for them, and there is a heavy investment in branding and traffic. So, I expect it to be either an experiment or a complementary registration, and we'll see how it plays out in the years ahead. But, I certainly don't expect people to abandon their .coms. I just don't think that's going to happen.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay, last question from me. Can you give us an update on your initiatives with security services, most notably DNS firewalls and DDoS?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, DDoS is one of the products that has been around for a while and is a main contributor to the product sales in our security services unit. The DNS firewall is new, still a bit early to really talk at any level of detail or sort of any generalized trends that we see. The reception is certainly good in the market, I'll say that. And, overall, the security services unit continues to grow, not at the point where we're reporting it separately, of course, but it is growing. And, we'll have more to say about that when it gets to a point where we can.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And, we'll go next to Priya Parasuraman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, this is for Gray Powell. Just a question on the operating margins, which are strong this quarter. Any color on that? And, do you have any increases baked in for the new IDN launch expenses in your guidance?
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: So Priya, your first question was on the operating margin. Again, our operating expense for the quarter was $99 million. And if you look year-ago, that was about $101 million. So it's not – it's been around $100 million for a while. When I look sequentially of changes, there is really nothing that jumps out at me, per se, in our core. We had a little bit lower depreciation, maybe a little lower travel. In our sales and marketing, while it was down sequentially, if you look at the year-to-date nine-month period, it's relatively flat. There's really a timing of when we rolled expenses out. We rolled them out – those programs a little earlier this year than previous year. So you have some inter-quarter variances. But overall year-to-date from a sales and marketing, we're pretty much on track. R&D we're down a little bit. We've optimized some of our spend in our R&D area and we have a slight head count decrease. And then G&A, we had some legal expenses increase. But overall, if you read on our 10-Q, we expect those major categories to be consistent over the next quarter or so with what we've just rolled out there or just produced.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: And I would just add to that, with respect to the comments that I made earlier. There isn't a specific focus on the operating margin, per se, by itself. The operating margin is a fairly consistent trend line, if you draw it over the last five years or the 20 quarters, moving slowly and steadily in a positive direction. And it's – the real focus for us is that it allows us to move the important trend lines of top-line revenue and profit forward and pursue our long-term strategy. I think those are really the important issues. There are always gives and takes, as George said, but again, from a $102 million the year-ago quarter to $99 million this year, I think is roughly equivalent in our view and allows us to continue the trend lines that we're really focused on.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then one more, if I may. Any thoughts on seasonality for domain name growth? Looking out towards 2016, I know it's early but I was curious if you think the international growth might skew the seasonality somewhat for 2016?
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, we'll give you guidance next quarter on our views on 2016, Priya. We can just tell you, if you look at this year, clearly Q1 was a strong quarter from a net adds perspective and Q3 clearly was – Q2 tends to be a little bit lower because of how the deletes come into the base with a lot of the strong adds in Q1 with a 45-day grace period. It tends to slightly increase deletes a little bit in the second quarter. And then the fourth quarter, December has a lot of holidays in the month and globally a lot of countries take holidays off. So, December tends to be a short month for us, and so we tend to see the fourth quarter seasonally be a little lower sequentially than third quarter. But we'll give you some more color on our views on 2016 next quarter.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Walter Pritchard at Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Hi. Thanks. George, I'm wondering if you can talk about from a sales and marketing perspective on those expenses were probably the area that your OpEx was the lightest versus what we were looking for and I see you did have good strength in names. Did you make a trade-off there in terms of sort of marketing programs that you peeled back during the quarter as you saw the strength? And generally how should we think about the level of sales and marketing, especially marketing spend as we go into Q4 and into early next year?
George E. Kilguss - VeriSign, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Walter. So, there was no conscious effort to pull any programs. As I mentioned earlier to a caller, if you look at the nine-month year-to-date expense in sales and marketing, it's relatively flat. We did this year roll some expenses – I'm sorry, roll some programs out a little earlier in the year. So, a little bit frontloaded. If you look at it on a quarterly basis, we had slightly higher sales and marketing in Q1 and Q2. It's just kind of how it fell this year. We constantly evaluate our programs, but they seem to be performing well. As far as Q4, we expect the expense in sales and marketing to be consistent with what it was this quarter.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no additional questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Atchley for any concluding remarks. Sir?
David Atchley - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, Operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, once again, that does conclude today's conference and again, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - VeriSign, Inc. D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc. George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc. Patrick S. Kane - VeriSign, Inc.
Analysts: Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President, and CEO; Todd Strubbe, Executive Vice President and COO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at www.verisigninc.com. There you will also find our second quarter 2015 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Second quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and building long-term value for our shareholders. We reported revenue of $263 million, up 4.9% year-over-year and we delivered strong financial performance, including $171 million in free cash flow. We processed 8.7 million new registrations during the second quarter and added 0.52 million net new names ending with 133.5 million dot-com and dot-net domain names in the domain name base. Our financial position is strong with $1.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Our track record of returning cash to shareholders continued during the second quarter as we repurchased 2.5 million shares for $156 million. As of June 30, 2015, we have $761 million remaining in our share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Before I get into the second quarter results, I want to provide a few updates since our last earnings call. Today, we announced an increase in the annual wholesale fee for a dot-net domain name registration as allowed by our agreement with ICANN. As of February 21, 2016, the annual wholesale fee for dot-net domain name registration will increase from $6.79 to $7.46. As of the end of Q2, there were approximately 15 million dot-net registered names. Also, as you recall, one way VeriSign has been participating in ICANN's new gTLD program was by applying for internationalized domain name versions of com and net. Based primarily on feedback from domain name community stakeholders, we have revised our IDN launch strategy. We will offer these new IDN top-level domains as standalone domain names, subject to normal introductory availability and rights protection mechanisms, available to all new gTLDs. This revised approach will not require ICANN approval and is designed to provide end users and businesses with the greatest flexibility and, for registrars, a simple and straightforward framework to serve the market. Finally, we believe this approach should provide the best opportunity for increased universal acceptance of IDNs. We expect to begin a phased rollout of the IDNs towards the end of this year, and we'll provide more information on our launch plans when appropriate. I'll comment now on second quarter operating highlights. At the end of June, the domain name base in com and net was 133.5 million, consisting of 118.5 million names for dot-com and 15 million names for dot-net. This represents an increase of 3.1% year-over-year as calculated, including domain names on hold for both periods. In the second quarter, we added 0.52 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.7 million new gross registrations. In the first quarter of 2015, the renewal rate was 73.4%, compared with 72.6% for the first quarter of 2014. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2015 will be approximately 72.6%. This preliminary rate compares favorably to 71.8% achieved in the second quarter of 2014. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive domain name growth. These include Internet adoption, economic activity, e-commerce activity, and registrar go-to-market strategies. Based on these and other factors, we are forecasting third quarter 2015 net additions to the domain name base to be between point 0.6 million and 1.1 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the domain name base are posted on our website at least once per day and reflect the definition change to include on-hold status names, as we discussed during our February earnings call. This website allows you to track the domain name base throughout the coming quarter. Now, I'd like to turn the call over George.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. During the second quarter, we generated revenue of $263 million, up 4.9% year-over-year and delivered GAAP operating income of $149 million, up 4.1% from $143 million in the second quarter of 2014. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 56.7%, compared to 57.2% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $93 million, compared to $100 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.70 in the second quarter this year, compared to $0.71 for the second quarter last year. GAAP net income was lower year-over-year, primarily based on an increase in interest expense related to the new senior notes and contingent interest on the convertible debentures. As of June 30, 2015, the company maintained total assets of $2.6 billion. These assets included $1.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $844 million were held domestically with the remainder held internationally. Total liabilities were $3.6 billion at the quarter end, up from $3 billion at the end of 2014. I'll now review some of our key second quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I'll then discuss our 2015 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $263 million for the second quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the United States and 39% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at the end of the second quarter totaled $932 million, a $41 million increase from year-end 2014. Second quarter non-GAAP operating expenses, which exclude $12 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $102 million, down from $104 million in the first quarter of 2015 and compared with $98 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 61.3%, compared to 60.9% in the same quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $99 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.74 using a weighted average diluted share count of 133.3 million shares. This compares to $0.68 in the second quarter of 2014 and $0.74 last quarter, using 141.1 million and 133.8 million weighted average diluted shares, respectively. Year-over-year non-GAAP earnings per share improved primarily due to a lower share count and the use of a 26% non-GAAP tax rate this year compared with last year's 28% non-GAAP tax rate. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the second quarter were $175 million and $171 million, respectively, compared with $121 million and $129 million, respectively, for the second quarter last year. The year-over-year increase in cash flow was primarily related to last year's second quarter international cash tax payment related to the offshore repatriation of cash. Also, as we have discussed on recent earnings calls, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our tax rate used for non-GAAP calculations for at least the next several years. In 2015, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million. Substantially, all of the expected cash taxes in 2015 are international. With respect to our full year 2015 guidance, revenue for 2015 is now expected to be in the range of $1.045 billion to $1.055 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 3.5% to 4.5%. This revenue range is narrowed from the $1.043 billion to $1.057 billion given on our last call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2015 non-GAAP operating margin is also still expected to be between 60% and 62%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $104 million, and $110 million. Capital expenditures for the year are also still expected to be between $40 million and $50 million. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance in the second quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income, operating cash flow and free cash flow. We have maintained a strong financial position and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, George. During the second quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while delivering value to our shareholders. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and marketing our current service offerings. We continue to actively invest in the development of new products, technologies, and services. Finally, we have been managing the business effectively, as demonstrated by our operating margins, efficient capital structure, and through the return of value to shareholders by share repurchases. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long-term value creation for our shareholders. Just this past week, we marked 18 continuous years of 100% availability of the dot-com and dot-net DNS. This peerless record is due to the expertise of our people and our specialized infrastructure. As businesses and economic activity rely increasingly on digital infrastructure, availability will become more and more important. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much. I just wanted to go back, Jim, to the revised strategy and maybe you can just help us understand what has changed? What is the revision and how is it different from the original plan you had?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Okay. Originally, we had a modified plan for a sunrise offering where we would reserve some names for certain pre-registered names in IDN.com. Based on feedback that we received from the community, it seems that it will work better for everyone and the preference on the part of our community, especially brand-holders is that we offer a standard form of sunrise. So that means that we will proceed with a standard TLD rollout for all of our IDNs, which does not require any ICANN approval. I think the important difference here in today's news versus what we talked about to you a quarter ago is that we no longer are waiting or require any ICANN approval, and we have some more certainty around the timing in rollout. We know what we need to do now. We have the set activities that precede an actual rollout. So we can say with some confidence that our staged rollout of our 11 IDNs will begin by the end of the year.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Under the previous plan, you had really hoped to provide, I think, more protection to brand-holders by extending the sunrise period and making sure that a named dot-com holder had the rights to – they would have – be the only ones who would have the rights to the new IDNs. Are you saying now that the third-parties after the sunrise period would be able to buy some of these IDNs?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Under some circumstances that might be possible. There are a number of different approaches that are available to all TLD registries under the new RA that we signed, the new registry agreement. And so, our marketing plan could include some of the capabilities that you talked about. What we aren't doing is specifying a plan that requires approval from ICANN that doesn't contain some of the precise sunrise provisions that were there before. It's a standard sunrise that will be rolled out. And I would like Pat to comment further on that part of the process.
Patrick S. Kane - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, definitely we would contemplate changing is to not hold a reservation for grandfathered dot-com registrations during the sunrise. And that's the modification that we were trying to get approval from ICANN on. And we've taken that out, so we can move forward.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We'll go next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, guys. Wondering first on the IDNs, will all of your IDNs roll out simultaneously? Or will it be a phased rollout beginning at the end of the year?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: The rollout will be phased. We're not going to roll out all 11 at once. You shouldn't expect that we're going to sequentially space out 11 either. It'll be phased. It'll be based on a number of different considerations. Certainly, the size of each market, the complexity of each market, the opportunity as it exists will all be factors. But we can say that the rollout will begin before the end of the year.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Is there any update on pricing that you're willing to give us at this point?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Only that we're still working on it. And that, as you know, we do have complete flexibility by each individual IDN and by each region. So, we also have the flexibility to utilize premium pricing. There are a number of different – of course, it's very different from the provisions of the dot-com registry agreements. So, we have tremendous flexibility. So, we are working through that. But I don't expect that to slow down the rollout. And it is a bit early for us to describe to you what that pricing will be.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And last question, have you guys done any additional work so I get a sense of what the dot-com and dot-net pace looks like in each of the regions that you're going to rollout an IDN. So in other words, is there any sense of what we can expect in terms of uptake once they launch?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Okay. I'm not sure I understand your question exactly, Sterling. Are you saying that an analysis of existing...
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: If you look at where those IDNs are targeted in terms of the languages, so if you look at the countries of those languages. We talked a little bit about this last quarter. I didn't know if you went back and did any additional work to say: well, of the dot-com base you see this many names in that region and you'd take a reasonable percentage that might also want that IDN. Here's what the uptake might look like.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, first of all, we don't have precise visibility into that because, of course, we're working through registrars and not all the Whois data is available to us. So, it's not with great precision that we understand exactly what the distribution of com registrations is geographically. But of course, we do have some idea, and we are very aware of that. And that certainly factors into our plans. But I'm not sure if I answered your question.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, I think that's fine. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Gray Powell with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, this is actually Priya Parasuraman in for Gray. Could you talk about renewal rates, particularly with respect to first time and previously renewed rates? And also across geographic market?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. So, this is George Kilguss. Your first question was on renewal rates. So our renewal rate for the second quarter was 72.6%, clearly up from 71.8% a year ago. We continue to see improvement in that renewal rate, primarily as a result of previously renewed names. We saw about a 70 basis points increase year-over-year, to about 82.6% of previous renewed rate. First time renewal rates are close to 50% still. And so, most of the improvement we've seen have been in previously renewed rates. As far as domestic, I think you were asking about different geographies.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Right.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: They haven't changed too much from previous reports. We do see first time renewal rates being a little lower in emerging markets, whether those be markets in Asia Pacific or India or Greater Asia markets than we do here domestically. But we continue to see strength in the previously renewed names.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Just one more, could you talk about your new DNS firewall product and how it's been received so far?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. It's a fairly new product so it's a bit early to give you any real detail on financial detail. But we can tell you that the reception is good in the market. There is tremendous interest in it. Most large enterprises and virtually all ISPs do operate their own recursive servers. And we operate a recursive service as well. The market feedback that we received was that a firewall would be a very, very welcome and important aspect of that to give these customers more precise control over filtering access using the DNS as essentially as another layer to prevent malware, which is of course something that's on everybody's mind these days. So I would certainly say that the initial response from the market is good. There's tremendous interest, particularly in the firewall aspect of this recursive service. And so, we're certainly hoping for success for the product. But it's early to really give you any more detail than that. But specifically to answer your question, the initial reception is a strong interest and very much so, specifically, in the firewall aspect.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We go next to Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much and good afternoon, guys. There seems to be more volatility in net adds activity over the past six to nine months than anything we've seen probably over the past five plus years. And I know there's been recent promotional activity that's on and off, but that's always been the case in some fashion at least. And so, I'm just wondering if there's anything that you would kind of point to that might be driving some of the volatility in net adds from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter?
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Gregg, this is George. I mean, there are many, many factors that happen inter-quarter or inter-year with domain names. Clearly, we have varying growth rates in markets around the world. As I mentioned last quarter and it holds true for this quarter as well, we still see more growth internationally than we do domestic. Our Asia, in general, markets are growing much faster. But as far as the individual nuances for the net zone, some of those factors harken back to promotions that registrars may have run a year ago, and their respective renewal rates and effectiveness of those programs. Other issues may go to programs running this year that are driving net adds. And so, it's really a confluence of obviously adds and deletes. You're probably seeing more volatility only in the sense that the net adds in each quarter from several years ago are smaller than they used to be or they are currently. But we saw 500,000 net adds in the second quarter. As you can see our guidance, we're expecting just like last year the third quarter to continue to improve quarter-over-quarter. And we still see strong demand for our product globally.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, George. And just one follow-up if I could on dot-net names, so the attrition of dot-net did pick up a little bit in Q2. Obviously, you're going to be raising pricing by 10% in February of next year. And just wondering if there are kind of any concerns that you might have around price elasticity for dot.net? Thank you.
George E. Kilguss III - VeriSign, Inc.: Sure. I mean, we still believe that the dot.net product is a very fairly priced asset in the marketplace. We look at a lot of the competitors who are priced higher than we are. We think there's a lot of value in that brand. And yes dot.net's growth has been a little bit muted. But as we talked about, you have to keep in mind there's been over 700 new competitors entering the marketplace, a lot of those targeting – clearly, targeting both the com and net and the other legacy gTLDs. But clearly, net probably has been more affected than com has, even though I think they've been both targeted from competitors. But net has held up very well. We think the product is quite well priced in the marketplace, and fairly priced for the value of asset that we're delivering and the value of product. So, we expect net to continue to perform.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Fred Ziegel with Topeka Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: Thanks. Afternoon, everybody. I guess this might be for Pat. In your dot – or I'm sorry, in your dot brand customer base that you're working with, what's your sense of how they're thinking about it from the perspective of are they going to move from dot-com to .xyz or whatever? Or are they more thinking that this will be an incremental domain?
Patrick S. Kane - VeriSign, Inc.: So, not all of our brand customers have determined exactly how they are going to use their top level domains. But we would imagine that some would complement their current dot-com with their own offering, but we don't see them abandoning their dot-com.
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: And just to clarify, this is Jim, I'm not sure what you meant by your question, but there can be two answers to that. Number one is the way you put it, I assume you meant dot brand where customers may take their own. And I think Pat is right. So, for example, if we were to employ dot-verisign, we would never abandon verisign.com. We've, like most brands, we've invested heavily in promoting it and everybody is familiar with it. And it would simply – we would probably redirect traffic from one to the other. We'd never abandon it. And since we run the registry for – we would be running the registry for both dot-com and for dot-verisign, for us, it's the same reliable platform. But we do see – we are aware of some brands who – in fact, most of the dot brands that have applied, many of them are our backend registry customers. So they're not only keeping their dot-com, but they're also moving their dot brand onto our platform to make sure that it runs on the same reliable 18 years of 100% availability infrastructure that we operate. At this point, I think the traffic for anybody in dot-com is so valuable that I don't see anybody abandoning their dot-com for either a brand or another TLD.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: No. So the answer shortly, I guess, it's largely incremental as opposed to cannibalizing dot-com?
D. James Bidzos - VeriSign, Inc.: Well, I think if you just look at the numbers for dot-com and the net adds, you'll see that being the powerful brand that it is, it's still growing quite briskly. So I think those numbers speak for themselves. Dot-com is the reliable brand and people are choosing great names in it and the registration numbers are strong. It's in demand and people are registering dot-coms and, of course, needless to say, all of the global brands are on dot-com and I don't expect that to change.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley for any additional or any closing remarks.
David Atchley - VeriSign, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - VP of IR and Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Executive Chairman, President and CEO George Kilguss - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day, everyone, welcome to the VeriSign's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. An unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley : Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter and 2015 Earnings Call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, at www.verisigninc.com. There you will also find our first quarter 2015 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its long-standing policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter 2015 results mark a solid start to the year and were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of 258 million up 3.9% year-over-year and we delivered strong financial performance including 126 million in free cash flow. We processed 8.7 million new registrations during the first quarter and had a 1.51 million net new names ending with 133 million dotcom and dotnet domain names in the domain name base.  Our financial position is strong with 1.9 billion in cash, cash-equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. During the first quarter we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 2.7 million shares for 160 million as of March 31st 2015 we have 917 million remaining in our share repurchase program which has no exploration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash including potential share repurchases.  I'll comment now on a few recent events. In March I was pleased to announce the appointment of Todd Strubbe as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Todd joined us just this week and we are delighted to have him on the team. Also in March we completed the issuance of our 10 year $500 million senior unsecured notes with the five and quarter percent coupon. We're pleased with the results of this issuance which further enhances our capital structure.  Finally, as you may recall one way VeriSign has been participating in [Indiscernible] program was by applying for internationalized domain name transliterations of dotcom and dotnet. As mentioned during the last earnings call we have side 11 IBM TLP registry agreements and are seeking a modified sunrise period from [Indiscernible] since we spoke to you last quarter we have submitted our request for this modified sunrise period and our waiting response from [my kin]. The failure to gain approval could delay of general availability date or could result in VeriSign having to revise our go to market strategy for the IDMs.  I'll comment now on first quarter operating highlights. At the end of March the domain base in dotcom and dotnet was 133 million consisting of 117.9 million names for dotcom and 15.1 million names for dotnet. This represents an increase of 3.1% year-over-year as calculated including domain names on hold for both periods. In the first quarter we added 1.51 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.7 million new gross registrations. In the fourth quarter of 2014 the renewal rate was 72.5% compared with 72.2% for the fourth quarter of 2013.  While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2015 will be approximately 73.5% this rate compares favorably to 72.6% achieved in the first quarter of 2014. As we discussed over the last few quarters there are many factors that drive domain growth. These include internet adoption, economic and ecommerce activity and registrar go to market strategies. Based on these and other factors we are forecasting second quarter 2015 net additions to the domain name base to be between 0.3 million and 0.8 million names. 2015 will mark the third year in a row where the second quarter is expected to be the lowest quarter from a net additions perspective. Q2 has been our lowest quarter as deletions are historically at their seasonal high point in Q2. We believe this is seasonal gross additions are typically at their high point in Q1 and most registrars take advantage of our 45 days grace period after expiry to delete domain which fall into the second quarter. Similar to last year, we expect 7.5, 2015 net additions to increase relative to Q2's expected performance. As noted in prior calls, updates to the domain name base are posted on our Web site at least once per day and reflect the definition change to include on hold status names as we discussed during the last earnings call. This website allows you to track the domain name base throughout the coming quarter. And now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. During the first quarter, we generated revenue of 258 million, up 3.9% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of 144 million, up 3% from 140 million in the first quarter of 2014. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 55.8% compared to 56.1% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled 88 million compared to 94 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.66 in the first quarter this year compared to $0.64 for the first quarter of last year. During the first quarter, the Company continued to manage its capital structure through the issuance of its 500 million 10-year senior secured notes offering. The notes which are not callable mature in 2025 and bare a fixed interest rate of 5.25%. In addition, the Company also entered into a new five year 200 million unsecured revolving credit facility that matures in April 2020, which takes the place of our prior unsecured revolving credit facility. The Company had no borrowings under this facility at the end of the quarter. The first quarter ending balance sheet reflects the March 2015 issuance of the 500 million senior secured notes due 2025. As of March 31, 2015, the Company maintained total assets of 2.6 billion. These assets included 1.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which 901 million were held domestically with the remainder held internationally. Total liabilities were 3.6 billion at the quarter end, up from 3 billion at the end of 2014. I'll now review some of our key first quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2015 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $258 million for the first quarter, 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S. and 39% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at the end of first quarter totaled 925 million, a $35 million increase from year-end 2014. First quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes 10 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $104 million, the same as for the fourth quarter of 2014 and compared with $99 million in the same quarter a year ago, non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 59.7% compared to 60.1% in the same quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $99 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.74 compared using a weighted average diluted share count of 133.8 million shares. This compares to $0.64 in the first quarter of 2014 and $0.70 last quarter using 148.6 million and 135.9 million weighted average diluted shares respectively. Operating cash flow was 133 million for the first quarter compared to 170 million for the fourth quarter of 2014 and 142 million for the first quarter last year. First quarter free cash flow was 126 million, including 6 million of excess tax benefits from stock based compensation and reduced by 13 million in capital expenditures. With respect to taxes, as we noted in our last earnings call starting with the first quarter of 2015, we have used a tax rate of 26% to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share. Also as we've discussed on recent earnings calls, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our tax rate used our non-GAAP calculations for at least for the next several years. In 2015, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million. Substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2015 are international. With respect to our full year 2015 guidance, revenue for 2015 is now expected to be in the range of $1.043 billion to $1.057 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 3% to 5%. This revenue range is changed from the 1.40 billion to 1.60 billion given on our last call. This revenue range still assumes a domain name based growth rate of between 2% and 3.5% for 2015. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%.  Full year 2015 non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 60% and 62%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is now expected to be in expense of between 104 million to 110 million changed from between 84 and 90 million for 2015 and reflects the interest expense as a new bond issue. Capital expenditures to the year are still expected to be between 40 million and 50 million. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business an addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense.  In summary, the company continue to demonstrate solid financial performance in the first quarter. We have growing non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP net income we have maintain the strong financial position and expect our strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model.  Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the first quarter we further our work to protect grow and manage the business while delivering value to our shareholders. We continue to protect the business by providing more than 17 continues years of 100% availability of the dotcom and dotnet DNS. This previous record is due to the expertise of our people in our specialized infrastructure. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and marketing our current service offerings. We continue to actively invest in the development of new products, technology and services.  Finally we've been managing the business effectively as demonstrated by our improved operating margins, improved capital structure and through the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long term value creation for our shareholders.  We'll now take your questions. Operator we are ready for the first question. Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Will take our first question from Steven Ashley with Robert W. Baird. 
Steven Ashley : I guess first of all I was going to ask about the [position with icon] for the modified sunrise period has not got response back yet is there any anymore color you can provide has there been a dialogue are you are aware of the situation or is there any color you can provide around that?
D. James Bidzos: The only update that we have at this point is that we've taken a step of filling the [RCEP] it's a common practice it's a normal method available to anybody who wants to modify registry service and so we've employed it. At this point I cannot make this evaluation and respond so we are waiting for that response but we just submitted it recently in this quarter.
Steven Ashley : Perfect. And just lastly from me the renewal rate again the estimate for the first quarter looks to show some improvement and I wonder if there was some color around that?
George Kilguss: Sure. Steve this is George Kilgus. So, as we mentioned our fourth quarter filed renewal rate came in at 72.5% versus the year ago period of 72.2% so slightly up in the fourth quarter and our preliminary first quarter renewal rate is expected to be 73.5% which is about 90 basis points from 72.6% in the year ago period we're seeing that improvement come from both first time renewing names as well as previously renewed names and we're pleased with that result.  As far as what that data point for future renewal rates I think it's a bit early to speculate there but we'll keep an eye on it and report that got to you next quarter when we have some additional information.  As far as renewal rates between international and domestic geographies, what I can tell you is that in the Q1 preliminary number we saw increases in both domestic and international first time renewing rates and then improvement in international rates for previously renewed names. Domestic previously renewed renewal rates were relatively flat in the first quarter, again the renewal rate is preliminary, we will give you the final rate in next call but we're pleased to see that renewal rate has increased in the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And will take our question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Unverified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is [Indiscernible] for Walter. This first question for maybe Jim or Pat if you are there you guys hit the high end of your range on the zone file in Q1 and I guess the early trend in Q2 looks like a little bit more average [Indiscernible] counts about 50,000 net as it. Any activity in Q1 that you think you guys might have done to maybe go forward or is it really just the seasonal trend shifting away from Q2?
D. James Bidzos: Well first of all Q1 was a strong quarter but I think that's just simply due to fundamental demand for the strong dotcom brand and the growth that we've alluded to in the past particularly in Asia. So I think basically strong underline drivers, strong demand for quality names, there could some other or less factors that affected but I think that's it predominately. There is some seasonality in Q2 that will drive this growth, but our models and our forecasts and our guidance of course are the only comments we'll make about Q2.
George Kilguss: Ken, this is George Kilguss, I would agree that we're very similar to last year at this point in time, we’re a little slow out of the gate. I think the website you're correct it's about 60,000 names and we're about 30,000 names light from last quarter, but as Jim mentioned in call because we have more gross adds in the first quarter in that 45 day grace period for deletions we tend to get more deletions in the second quarter and we tend to get actually more of them in April than any other month in the second quarter, so that's affecting I think the quarter-to-date or the month-to-date number that you’ve seen today, but as we've mentioned we still believe that the growth rate for the domain name base this year will be between 2% and 3.5% and we believe will fall within our guidance that we gave 300,000 names for the second quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you and then George maybe on the OpEx lines, sales and marketing and G&A were both roughly flat sequentially. I think historically it trends down from Q4 just wondering if there was anything you need to call out in terms of how you guys are spending in Q1?
George Kilguss: Yes, so you're absolutely right we were flat for OpEx sequentially, but year-over-year Q1 to Q1 we were up about $5 million. The year-over-year increases were primarily in marketing and G&A as you point out. In marketing, we have increased programmatic spend in Q1 of this year relative to the last year by about 2.5 million as we pushed out some of our marketing programs earlier in the year as compared to last year so that's really more of a timing issue.  On the G&A front, we were up about $3 million from the year ago period and the majority of that increase approximately 2 million was the result of a onetime non-income related tax accrual that we made in the quarter, but as we talked about again on the call or our prepared remarks we still expect full year 2015 non-GAAP operating margin to be between 60% and 62% for the full year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay so that G&A we should I mean all things equal that should step down by 2 million in the June quarter?
George Kilguss: We expect that it should come down slightly from Q1, yes.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz: I just have follow-on to Steve's question; I know you still kind of parsing the data somewhat, but on the renewal rate because it really has been ticking up nicely and this quarter in particularly I saw a significant jump, I am just kind of wondering do you have any sense if this is the maturation of the customer base or is there something different in a way that some of the registrars are engaging with their customers?
George Kilguss: So Gregg, this is George. I think it's a little too early to speculate on that. We do note the slight increase it has happened both as I mentioned in the first time renewing names as well as in the previous renewed names. So we're excited about that. We think that's a good trend, but we just need a few more quarters to see if this data point continued on our trend and we'll monitor it, and like I said, we report back out to you next quarter on that.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay and how many names I guess in the Q1 are base represent names that they were on and on hold status?
George Kilguss: So they weren't much changed from Q4, Q4 as I mentioned was 870 and I think we're maybe 890 in Q1, but again the domain name base includes those names and so the 1.5 million net additions is an apples-to-apples comparison of the increase.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay right perfect and then just lastly, I guess question for Jim, so it does seem like new gTLDs are starting to gain a little bit more momentum just wanted to get your latest thoughts and opportunity that represents to VeriSign, talking about the backend gTLD obviously not the IDN? Thanks.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I guess let me answer that in two parts. Gaining more momentum, we do have dot realtor and dot jobs as backend, .realtor is a good performing name but those names are available for the first year for free to all, all of credited realtors. So we're seeing some good growth there and we hope that will continue beyond the first year. New gTLDs are all about I think just over maybe 5.25 million in total at this point 14 or 15 months in the market. Comments were I just heard 8.7 million names gross adds this quarter and 1.5 million net for the quarter, so I think -- but I think your statement is fair and we certainly don’t guide to specific growth and deployment and revenue production from our backend, registry customers are still many of them that enough and delegated yet. Many of them not launched their products yet. So I don't want to speculate about what that means for revenue, but I think it's a good trend. We think we do have nearly 200 about our 175 or so back end customers so we should know something in the coming quarter to and will certainly let you know.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And will take a question from [Indiscernible] 
Unverified Analyst : Hi, guys. Couple of questions one to George in an interest rate environment at 0% why are we paying almost 6% for financing and to Jim could you talk at all about what's going on outside the DNS business I've seen a few announcements on the DDoS partnerships that talk to that?
George Kilguss: Sure. So, Fred this is George. Regarding your first question I mean when you look back historically for the companies that are rated DD plus like we are historically a rate and the rate could be a little attract 4.62% on our first bond and 5% in a quarter, today historically those are actually fairly attractive rates. Clearly we believe that we can put those funds to good use in the company to drive profitable growth as well as to drive shareholder returns so we're looking to do that. We like others think that we're on historical loads from an interest rate perspective and while we don't know when we do think that rates eventually will increase and we thought it was a timely opportunity to go into the market to raise some capital and we think that the rate that we're able to attract was a very fair rate and favorable rate for the company.
D. James Bidzos : And Fred, this is Jim. If you didn’t have a follow up to George I will go ahead and answer your second question. 
Unverified Analyst : Yes.
D. James Bidzos: Okay, thanks. Yes with respect to DDoS obviously cyber security is a white hot space and a very large component of cyber security DDoS attacks are growing in size and intensity and frequency and for those on the call who are not familiar DDoS is a portion of our NIA component our security in it and so the were some of the recent announcements that we’ve made relate to a strategy that we're employing where it started with Juniper last year but basically our strategy is to provide an open interface a standard essentially to allow those who are using on premise equipment to provide initial protection against DDoS attacks and mitigate them it’s a way for those hardware vendors to basically right to expect that allows them to seamlessly transition to in a cloud mitigation using our DDoS protection service, we think that's really a great trend in the future it's great for customers, it's a great distribution model for us, it's more efficient it's part of our ongoing efforts to streamline and optimize our security services unit, so we help to see a lot more than that but thanks for noticing that, that's really about an effort on our pipe such as basically make DDoS protection more available in a way on demand where it's needed to the customers in a way that they want using our service available through the cloud.
Unverified Analyst : Okay. Is it getting close to being a reportable number meaning 10% of your business?
D. James Bidzos: We'll will let you know as soon as it is till than it’s not this quarter but we'll let you know what it is we continue to see progress and worth we can continue to work on optimizing the strategy the team and more importantly the distribution model and the mechanism by which we deliver the technology, we think this was scale much better for us so stay tuned.
Unverified Analyst : Can you talk about what other initiatives you’ve got on the security side?
D. James Bidzos: While we do have a couple of other components to the NIA unit one is a manage DNS which is very more of a performance component and we do have our iDefense unit which is a threat intelligence capability not only do we provide that service to a number of well-known large clients we are also a consumer of that service ourselves.  We're working on strategies to make those products more widely available and change the distribution model as well so yes we do it primarily a threat intelligence capability going to malware but certainly not limited to that and a lot of cyber security experts who work in that unit.
Unverified Analyst : Would you be tying into other threat and intelligence networks from [Indiscernible] etcetera?
D. James Bidzos: While we have a broad set of customers that include many companies well know security companies so we do think some of our malware identification service as to and other trade intelligence so yes we work very hard to broaden the market for those services but it's not limited to hand users it is in fact security companies and fire wall vendors of the type you are talking about.
Operator: Thank you. Will take our last question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, guys this is Jackson [Indiscernible] for sterling. Couple of questions from our side the first thing just to touch back on the IDN even with the sunrise period do you guys have the best guess as to when those will actually go up?
D. James Bidzos: So, this is Pat. So there is a process that we have to go through start off with what's call pre-delegation which will happen in early May and there is a controlled interruption phase which last for 90 days, which actually have to deal with the main collisions and may concern that there is not any unwanted behaviors within the new gTLD space and don't get launched after that at the earliest, so it all really depends upon the getting approval from ICANN on the modified Sunrise period and see what we can do from there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and remind, these you have a little bit flexibility with pricing if I am not mistaking, is that correct do you might just clarifying that for us?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, there are no shared prices within new registry agreements for the IDN and gTLDs. And let me just be a bit more specific there too, we are free to set any initial price that we choose under the new registry agreement and the only requirement that should we choose to change those prices would be a six-month notice period. We have additional flexibility in that applied for 11 of these IDNs. Most of them are .com some of them are.net. All of them are spread across different countries in different local language character sets and we are free also to price differently in those geographies or differently for [congruent]. We have complete flexibility on how we price those products, so that does afford us a great deal of flexibility.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, that's helpful and then the last one from just a housekeeping one, how many names are up for renewal in March and in the June quarter?
D. James Bidzos: So in the first quarter there were 29.5 million and next quarter there are 28.3 million names that are expiring.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. David Atchley at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President of Naming and Directory Services
Analysts: Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Any unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, www.verisigninc.com. There you will also find our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its long-standing policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results were in line with our objective of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. During 2014, VeriSign delivered strong financial performance, including reporting $1.010 billion in revenues, expanding free cash flow to $568 million and producing full year non-GAAP operating margins of 60.2%. Exceeding $1 billion marks a significant growth and an important milestone since the completion of our divestiture program in 2010, a year in which we reported $681 million in revenues. Operationally, 2014 was another strong year for the company. VeriSign processed 34 million new domain name registrations and finished the year with 130.6 million names in the domain name base. During the year, we marked more than 17 years of uninterrupted availability of the .com and .net domain name systems. As part of managing our business, during the fourth quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 3.7 million shares for $209 million. During the full year 2014, we repurchased 16.3 million shares for $867 million. Effective January 30, 2015, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for repurchase by approximately $453 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share buyback program, which has no expiration. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Our strategic framework to protect, grow and manage the business continues to serve us well as we see operational and financial benefits from our focus and discipline. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. As you recall, one way VeriSign participated in ICANN's new gTLD program was by applying for internationalized domain name transliterations of .com and .net, as well as .verisign and .comsec. We have signed the registry agreements for. comsec and 11 IDN TLDs, 8 of which are transliterations of .com and 3 are transliterations of .net. While these registry agreements with ICANN are signed before these domains become generally available, a few more steps remain, including delegation; controlled interruption, which deals with potential name collisions; completion of a Sunrise period; and finalization and approval of our launch plans. The failure to gain approval, if required, could delay a general availability date or could result in VeriSign having to revise our go-to-market strategy for the IDNs. I'll comment now on fourth quarter operating highlights. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net was 130.6 million, consisting of 115.6 million names for .com and 15 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 2.7% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we added 0.59 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.2 million new gross registrations. In a few moments, George will discuss an update we intend to make to our definition of the domain name base, which will start with the first quarter of 2015. In the third quarter of 2014, the renewal rate was 72% compared with 72.7% for the third quarter of 2013. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2014 will be approximately 72.4%. This rate compares to 72.2% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2013. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive domain growth. These include Internet adoption, economic and eCommerce activity and changes in registrar go-to-market strategies. Also, as we have discussed in previous calls, renewal rates for first-time renewing names have been softer, impacting the overall renewal rate. This change is influenced by a number of factors, including search engine algorithm changes, growth in geographies with lower first-time renewal rates, previous year registrar promotions as well as other factors. Net name additions during the fourth quarter came in below our expectations, primarily due to fewer gross additions. Some of the gross additions strength we saw during the third quarter, which was coming from emerging markets, including China, did not continue the same -- at the same growth rate during the fourth quarter. Based on these factors and current trends, we are forecasting first quarter 2015 net additions to the domain name base to be between 1 million and 1.5 million names. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. During the fourth quarter, we generated revenue of $256 million, up 4.2% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of $142 million, up 9% from $130 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 55.6% compared to 53% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $65 million compared to $292 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.48 in the fourth quarter this year compared to $1.94 in the fourth quarter of last year. Fourth quarter 2014 net income was decreased by $26 million and diluted earnings per share decreased by $0.19, primarily due to a non-U.S. income tax charge related to a reorganization of certain international operations and a change in estimates for U.S. income tax charges related to the repatriation of offshore assets in 2014. As described, last year, fourth quarter 2013 GAAP results included tax benefits, pretax nonoperating gains and expenses, which collectively increased net income by approximately $218 million and increased diluted earnings per share by $1.45. As of December 31, 2014, the company maintained total assets of $2.2 billion. These assets included $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which $486 million were held domestically with the remainder held internationally. Total liabilities were $3 billion at the quarter end, down from $3.1 billion a year ago. I'll now review some of our key fourth quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2015 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $256 million for the fourth quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S. and 39% was from international customers. 2014 full year revenue was $1.010 billion up 4.7% from full year 2013 revenues. Deferred revenue at year-end 2014 totaled $890 million, a $35 million increase from year-end 2013. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $10 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $104 million compared with $101 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $106 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 59.4% compared to 56.9% in the same quarter of 2013. Full year 2014 non-GAAP operating margin was 60.2%. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $95 million, resulting in a non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.70 compared to $0.65 in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $0.70 last quarter. Full year 2014 non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.72, a 13% increase over 2013. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net for 2014 was a $77 million expense. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 135.9 million shares in the fourth quarter compared to 138.1 million shares in the third quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 14.7 million shares based on the average share price during the fourth quarter compared with 13.7 million for the same quarter in 2013. The share count was reduced by the full effect of third quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of 3.7 million shares repurchased during the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow was $170 million for the fourth quarter compared to $168 million for the third quarter of 2014 and $147 million for the fourth quarter last year. Full year 2014 operating cash flow was $601 million compared with $579 million for 2013. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $159 million, including a use of $9 million in capital expenditures. Free cash flow for 2014 was $568 million, including a net $6 million of excess tax benefits and a use of $39 million in capital expenditures. With respect to taxes, we used a tax rate of 28% to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share during 2014. As we continue to optimize our tax structure, we believe a more reasonable estimate of the tax rate to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share going forward is 26%. As a result, we expect to use a 26% non-GAAP tax rate when reporting first quarter 2015 non-GAAP results. Also, as we discussed last quarter, we expect our cash tax rate to say stay well below our tax rate use for non-GAAP calculations for at least the next several years. In 2015, we expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million. Substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2015 are international. As Jim mentioned, I want to note a change we'll be making to our domain name base definition and reporting starting next quarter. Currently, we report our domain name base to you both on our website and during earnings each quarter. The domain name base includes the active zone, which is defined as the names that resolve in the zone plus the names that are requested to be not configured for use in the top-level domain zone filed by the registrant. Historically, there has also been an immaterial portion of names that we manage and for which we are paid that are not included in our domain name base definition. These names get removed from the active zone primarily by registrars when they place the name on hold status. Over the last several years, the average amount of names in the on-hold status category has been approximately 400,000 names and the net change year-over-year has been very small. While still immaterial, during 2014, we saw an increase in the amount of names registrars have placed on hold status, which appears to be a result of these registrars complying with the new mandated compliance mechanisms in ICANN's 2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement or RAA. In 2014, we saw an increase in domain names placed on hold status from roughly 394,000 names at the end of 2013 to about 870,000 at the end of 2014. While the number of these names in total is not material to our overall domain name base of over 130.6 million domain names, as registrars use of this mechanism has increased, we believe it now makes sense to include these names when we report the number of domain names in the domain name base. As we are paid for these on-hold names and they have always been included in our reported revenue and gross additions, starting with our first quarter 2015 report, we plan to amend our current definition of our domain name base to include these on-hold status names and we'll be consistent in our reporting of prior periods by also including these names for comparative purposes going forward. Before our next earnings call, we intend to update the daily reporting on our website to included these names. In the meantime, updates to the domain name base are still posted on our website per our current definition at least once per day allowing you to continue to track the domain name base throughout the coming quarter. The Q1 net addition guidance Jim gave earlier of 1 million to 1.5 million net name additions is not affected by this new domain name base definition as our quarterly guidance is focused on gross additions and deletions. With respect to full year 2015 guidance. Revenue for 2015 is expected to be in the range of $1.040 billion to $1.060 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 3% to 5%. This revenue range is based on domain name base growth rate of between 2% and 3.5% for 2015. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2015 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 60% and 62%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is expected to be an expense of between $84 million and $90 million for 2015 and includes the contingent interest expense accrual on our convertible debentures. Capital expenditures for the year are expected to be between $40 million and $50 million. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance throughout 2014. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP net income. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, George. During the last year, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value to our shareholders. We continue to protect the business by providing more than 17 continuous years of 100% availability of the com and net DNS. This peerless record is due to the expertise of our people and our specialized infrastructure. Also, I want to highlight that this quarter marks the 30th anniversaries of both .com and .net. We're proud to be the registry operator of these 2 top-level domains, which are a key component of the Internet's infrastructure. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and marketing our current service offerings. While we continue to actively invest in the development of new products and services where we continue to make progress, we don't have an update at this time. Finally, we have been managing the business effectively as demonstrated by our improved operating margins, improved tax position and by the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases. During 2014, we repurchased 16.3 million shares, returning $867 million to shareholders, and repatriated $741 million of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long-term value creation for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Gray Powell with Wells Fargo.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple if I may. George, you mentioned the hold status names in your prepared remarks. Can you give us a better sense as to what exactly that means and the impact on the zone files? I just want to make sure that I understand that correctly when doing my daily tracking.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, I'd be happy to, Gray. As mentioned in our prepared remarks, names in an on-hold status have always been reported in our revenues and gross additions. So these are not new names. They just haven't been included in our domain name base definition. So as a result, they've not been included in the total 130.6 million name count. On-hold names are a simply management mechanism used primarily by registrars to place names into a hold status, which removes them from the active zone file and prevent them from resolving. The name, however, is still registered by the registrar regardless of the status. Now these names represent a very small and nonmaterial portion of the domain name base, approximately 400,000 at the start of 2014, and their totals have been relatively constant for many years. I'd also add, however, that registrars use this mechanism -- use of this mechanism has increased during 2014, and as a result, we feel it appropriate to amend our definition to include these names going forward. As mentioned at the end of 2014, the names classified with a hold designation totaled about 870,000, which was an increase of about 470,000 -- 475,000 in 2014, up from 394,000 at the end of 2013. Again, it's a very minor point, but we just want to provide the additional transparency and felt the definitional change would really help in this instance.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense, I think. And so I guess, like one day you'll include it in the zone files that we see in your website and it'll look like you added 870,000 names in one day or something like that, but the reality would just be it's a definitional change, is that correct?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, just the base is going up. And as I mentioned, this doesn't affect our guidance as we're trying to guide to gross name additions and deletions. It's just a base that's going up. We get paid for these names, they're in our revenue and it's a small amount, but we felt the additional transparency made sense as registrars' use of these things had increased over the past 12 months.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And last question, if I may. I know it's kind of tough to call out monthly trends in terms of domain name adds, but we noticed a fairly meaningful slowdown in December and then things really picked up significantly in January. I think you're tracking to, I think, it looks like 650,000 adds so far in the last 35 days. Can you just kind of give us a sense as to what happened there and what the main drivers are?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure. So I think what you're seeing in the first month in bit -- a little bit in 2015 really relates to the Chinese New Year. Last year, the new year started, I believe, January 31. This year, it doesn't start till February 19, so it's about 20 years -- 20 days late. And we typically see the activity slow a little bit about a week before the Chinese New Year. So we've just had a good constant demand for domains in the month-to-date period, but we expect it to fall off a little bit as the Chinese New Year kicks in later this month.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: George, Q4 operating margins came in lower than industry is expecting and operating margins for the year effectively came in at the low end of your guidance. Was there anything relating to fourth quarter expenses that you would call out?
George E. Kilguss: Yes. Sure, Gregg. So if you looked at our total non-GAAP operating expense, it actually was -- for the fourth quarter, actually it was down year-over-year, but it was up sequentially by about $3.4 million. And we saw that increase really come primarily in G&A. We saw that being up about $2.4 million and G&A was up in the quarter primarily because we had about $1 million of severance expense in the quarter. And then we have about another $1 million of, what I would call, seasonal fourth quarter expenses that hit us, some of which were related to higher consulting expenses as we approached the year-end. The other increase we had was in R&D, and as far as R&D goes, we saw a slight decrease in the amount of labor that we actually capitalized on the balance sheet. And as a result of that lower amount of capitalization, some of that flowed into the income statement and that was the majority of the increase in the R&D expense.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then, Jim, wanted to ask, just because we've seen sort of ongoing sluggishness with .net, if you had an updated perspective there. Do you see risk of a secular decline from new gTLDs? Or do think that .net will resume growth going forward?
D. James Bidzos: Well, .net is a well-established brand, it's 30 years old. It did dip below 15 million registrations, but it's back over that. I would just point out that, in 2014, .net had 3.6 million gross registrations. And as of the end of December, at the end of the year, that's roughly the same as the total number of registrations in all of the new gTLDs combined. So it's a strong brand, it's been around for 30 years, it's going to be around for the next 30 years. I mentioned on the last call and I think it's still true that there is some confusion with the .net is suffering from, that this -- the 400-plus new gTLDs that are out and available today are sort of bringing some confusion. There are hundreds more that are coming, so I think that will probably continue. But net is a strong brand, 30 years old, well-respected, 3.6 million gross adds last year, 800,000 adds last quarter, so it's going to be around for a while and it will do well.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And if I could just ask one, one last one, also on this topic and I appreciate the update earlier on the transliteration front. But just kind of more, if you had any broader thoughts, on new gTLDs and specifically their overall impact to VeriSign's financials going forward, that would be helpful.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I think a specific answer with respect to the financials, I think, is a bit difficult. But in general, I would like Pat to make some comments about new gTLDs. Pat?
Patrick S. Kane: So the new gTLDs, I think the story is still out on the success of them. If you take a look at the 400 -- the 400-plus TLDs that are in existence today, at the end of 2014, there were 3.7 million registrations in those 400-plus TLDs. But one of the things in terms of identifying whether they'll be successful or not is really what the renewal rate is and we're just now going to see the beginning of a renewal cycle for this new gTLDs. And the second thing that we take a look at is what does the DNS traffic look like. And so if you think about the com, net DNS base today, we do about 82 billion transactions a day and we don't have any idea what those same transactions would look like for the new gTLDs, but that would be another indicator of success. So it's still -- time will still tell.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: You commented on some slowdown in the month of December in China then obviously you commented on, actually, China contributing to what was a strong start in January. When you kind of contemplated your guidance for domain names for this year and you kind of think about it, I guess, geographically, did anything sort of jump out to you as you kind of built this? Any sort of change that you've seen over the course of the year? Or as you contemplated 2015 or any kind of reversal of a trend that you may be did see, just any sort of color from a geographic perspective would be great on the guidance.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure, Phil, this is George. So as we talked about Q4, we did continue to see growth in emerging markets, but it just wasn't as robust as we had seen exiting Q3 and so that trend waned a little bit. But they still grew. I think, in general, I think by definition, emerging markets they have their ups and downs, they do have some volatility there in their definition of being emerging. But we're still seeing a lot of growth there. More specifically, we still see good activity in China, we still see good activity in India and in Asia Pac. We're still seeing very strong and good demand for the products there and that's where most of the growth is going on internationally. So the U.S. market is a little bit more tepid in regard to that.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up question on the capitalization of R&D. You said it was a little lower this quarter, so therefore expense is higher. When you contemplated your margin guidance for '15 here, what kind of assumption did you make of sort of capitalization versus the levels that you saw in '14?
George E. Kilguss: We expect it to be similar to last year. But again, there are small movements. Fourth quarter I think was about 0.5 million, so it really depends on the projects that we're looking for, what stage those projects are in and if we actually have some products that are coming to market and we're actually developing new functionality, then we'll capitalize that further, the regulations in GAAP. But it really depends on the projects that we're working on, what stage those projects are in and we'll just treat it according to the GAAP regulations as to what get capitalized or not.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Ken Wong for Walter. So Jim, in terms -- Q1 being seasonally strongest quarter on domain add, just wondering what you guys are hearing or seeing from your registrar partners in terms of their approach to domains, in .com, in particular? And then also have you guys planned to do anything kind of unique to try to drive activity here?
D. James Bidzos: So first of all, with respect to what registrars may be doing differently. A couple of -- for the last couple of quarters at least, we talked about a shift in registrar marketing tactics where they were looking for increasing ARPU and then a shift back, which gave us some uplift over the last couple of quarters. So I think we continue to see that, which has helped us. As far as commenting on -- I'm sorry, not new gTLDs, but in terms of what we may do in promotion, we constantly run regular programs of promotion with the registrars. We use marketing programs to try to drive resources geographically and through other means. We did recently launch a contest for .com names and a number of other promotions that we're doing. We'll be doing a number of things through the year in recognition of the 30th anniversary of .com, in particular. But I think the best thing that we do is just simply highlight the brand and the widespread adoption of .com. I think if you watched the Super Bowl, for example, I think, pretty much everybody who advertised is branded .com. It's just a strong powerful brand and we do have the benefit of endorsements from every company that brands itself that way.
George E. Kilguss: We also try to move dollars around or invest heavily or more heavy in those markets that we think are growing faster and we think we can gain a competitive advantage. And so we take a careful analysis at all the markets we look at and we make very strong decisions and base decisions as to which markets to go into, to drive growth based on our budget expectations. And so clearly, we're investing internationally in a lot of the growth markets that we talked about.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got you. And then, George, on the margin guidance, so kind of 60% to 62%, some decent uptick there even in the face of kind of slowing revenue. Which line items would you say you guys are going to be able to extract the most incremental margin from?
George E. Kilguss: So we don't give guidance, Ken, to each individual line item. When you take a look at our K, you'll see that our expectation is that they should be relatively consistent as a percent of revenue to what they are currently. But having said that, we're continuing to actively manage the business, and we always look for opportunities to continue to create efficiencies in the business. And as opportunities present themselves, we look to reinvest in the business as well. I don't think our strategic objectives have changed in the sense that we clearly have a desire to spend more in sales and marketing to drive top line growth and we clearly have a desire to invest in new products and technology that we think can drive positive returns for the company. And so we'll clearly look to invest in those areas and look for savings opportunities in other areas of the business to help fund those opportunities.
D. James Bidzos: And if I could just add something, sorry, to the answer I gave you earlier to your question about com, in particular. I'm just reminded that, earlier today, there was a new record sale in the aftermarket of a .com domain, 360.com sold for just under $17 million. And I think if you've seen -- if you look at the history of some of these aftermarket sales of .com, we had dailymail.com sell for GBP 1 million last year. Z.com sold in a private sale without auction for $6.8 million a few months ago to a Japanese company. We had a porno.com [ph] sold for $8.888 million and 360.com was sold to, I believe, a Chinese company, like I said, for $17 million, that's a new record. It's an incredible statement about the value of the .com brand. I think Daily Mail is a good example because here you don't have -- it's not a single character. It wasn't -- it was purchased because the company had made such an investment in developing its brand in .com that it simply wanted -- sorry, in the U.K. domain that it owned that it wanted the .com equivalent and I think that just simply represents the value of a .com name. 360.com for $17 million, a record that, I think, just says a lot about the value of the brand.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, clearly, the brand still remains kind of the top-selling position for domains. I originally thought there's going to be [indiscernible] that bought it and I quickly [indiscernible].
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the transliteration and new gTLD for your guys, the timing of those 11 transliterations, you mentioned the phases that you have to go through. Can you maybe put some general time ranges? Would you anticipate that these would be in the market more generally in the first half of the year or is it second half of the year?
Patrick S. Kane: So this is Pat, Sterling. I think it's really hard to tell because we are going to do -- we're going to ask for a modified Sunrise period and that will likely have to require approval from ICANN. We're not certain of that right now, but that's still going to take some time to get that and going as well as the Sunrise period and then the controlled interruption period for the identification of name collisions is also a long period. So it's hard to say right now as to what the exact time would be.
George E. Kilguss: And Sterling, this is George. As we mentioned last quarter, many of our back-end registry customers qualify as .Brand gTLDs and ICANN gave .Brand applicants until July of this year to finish the agreement process. So I think your back half is much more likely than the front half of the year.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And could you give us a sense of when those launch in the marketplace, what kind of marketing spend or investment generally are you anticipating to drive those new IDNs into the marketplace?
D. James Bidzos: I think that's tough to say, Sterling, this is Jim. The marketing plan that Pat alluded to that's a little different with different Sunrise period, during the Sunrise period, trademark holders are invited to come in and register their marked names prior to general availability. We have what you might call a much more brand-friendly sort of Sunrise in the sense that we are reserving the transliteration of the brands that are registered in .com. And so that implies that there'll be a different marketing approach. We'll simply be notifying existing registrants brands that the transliteration of their .com registration is available to them. So it's hard to say, it's not a traditional sort of a marketing effort. I think, in general, it means that we're not going to need to go out and promote the availability of these IDNs, although we'll certainly do some of that because people are free to register whatever they like in them. But the brand holders who are registered in .com have their brand name reserved for them in the IDNs. They're protected against somebody else registering a name who doesn't own that name. But it's an opportunity for them to have their brand name in the native language script of countries that they operate in. So I think you can see the obvious benefits of that. Putting a price tag on that marketing effort, I think, is - it's just kind of too early to say what it will be. But it'll be focused. It'll be more focused because it's quite targeted. It's unique, I think, as far as any TLD that's ever been launched.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: In terms of -- you talked about putting -- registrars putting the names on hold. Why do registrars put names on hold?
D. James Bidzos: Pat, you want to go ahead?
Patrick S. Kane: So there are several reasons. One of the most common is that you will get a court order that would ask to put something on hold while it's in dispute. People will also have domains that they don't want to have in the general zone, so that they can have the name registered, but not able to resolve. It may be something detrimental to their corporate brand and they don't want it to be out there. And then the one that we've seen most recently is the 2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement requires registrars to put on hold domain names that they cannot validate the who-is information. And so that's where we've seen the largest trend these days in terms of what the growth is in those particular hold names. Now once they do validate the who-is data, those names will come out of the hold status and then, of course, be active at that point in time.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, let me just let me just add a couple of quick comments to that. If you're familiar with the so-called dark domains, these are the nonconfigured names where the registrant does not want it to resolve, for example, something that is not flattering about a corporate name. A corporation may defensively register that and they simply don't want it to resolve. We get paid for it, but it doesn't appear in the act -- it does not appear in the active zone. You can think of these hold names, we're going to treat them all together with these dark domains very similarly. So we'll get paid for them, but you'll see them reported in our domain name base, they'll be counted in there. The other thing is that George had mentioned this new 2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement. This is the new agreement that the registrars signed with ICANN that they operate under. Now the number of accredited registrars is, I think, closer to 1,500 today where it was 900 some years ago. So I think -- I hope what we're seeing here, just to keep everything simple, is that all of them have pretty much signed this during 2014. And I think almost all of the registrars have signed it, a large number of them. So I think there's just this initial sort of compliance effort. Pat mentioned that they have to collect who-is data. This also means that some registrars that do not have direct distribution models, who actually sell indirectly through distributions, may find it a little more difficult or may find that it takes more time to collect accurate who-is data. And so these names will get put on hold while they go about doing that and then eventually they come off hold and then they're up here in the active zone. So that's sort of the activity that goes on. But if you understand how dark domains have worked and been counted, these are just like that. You can now think of these names on hold just like that.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just real quickly, George, do you -- can you remind me, do you sell globally in U.S. dollars?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, for com and net, the majority of our products we sell in U.S. dollars. So if you're referring to the FX impact in the traditional sense, we don't expect that to have an immediate or impact in our 2015 revenue. That being said, for some non-U.S. buyers of domain names, the strength of the U.S. dollar could create a perceived price increase, which could have an impact on demand. But while the strength of the U.S. dollar may be having some effect on demand, we really haven't seen that in any of our numbers, so it hasn't really been an impact for us to date.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. And just to go back and you may have already given this in the past, but the renewal rates today lower than they were a year ago, 2 years ago. Is that true in every country? Or are some countries more pronounced than others?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, renewal rates vary by country. Typically, in the more mature markets, the renewal rates are higher. In some of the emerging rates, the renewal rates tend to be a little bit lower.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Right. But my question is change. If we look at markets a year ago and today, which have seen the most change?
George E. Kilguss: So we don't break it out by market. I mean, if you -- and if you want to talk about change, I mean, the first-time renewal rate at the end of 2013 was about 52.8% and the first-time renewal rate did come down to about 50.7% for the full year 2014. Previous-renewed rates were very consistent at about 82%. And so we did see some of the first-time renewal rates come down and I think more of that is a function of the growth we're seeing in China, which has typically lower first-time renewal rate than the U.S., which is our largest market now. Again, that's an emerging market. As those markets mature, I would expect those renewal rates to improve, but it's a large market that's growing and is still emerging. And so it's just becoming a larger portion of the base and so you get a weighted average effect on the first-time renewal rate.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. David Atchley for any final remarks or comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President of Naming Services
Analysts: Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to the VeriSign's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and any unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you operator and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, www.verisigninc.com. There you will also find our third quarter 2014 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of that call -- of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we've discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David. Good afternoon everyone. Our third quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $255 million, which was 4.7% higher year-over-year, and delivered strong financial performance, including $150 million in free cash flow. The base of .com and .net active registered domain names ended the quarter at 130 million. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Our strategic framework to protect, grow and manage the business continues to serve us well as we see operational and financial benefits from our focus and discipline. As a part of managing our business, during the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 4.2 million shares for $226 million. At the end of the third quarter, $833 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Before I get into the third quarter results, I want to provide a few updates since our last earnings call. As you recall, VeriSign began to engage in a negotiating and contracting process with ICANN on our remaining 13 new gTLD applications, which primarily consists of transliterations of .com and .net, earlier this year. We have been in discussions with ICANN during this contracting period and have requested certain modifications to the registry agreements that would govern these new top level domains. As we have not yet reached a final agreement, ICANN has granted an extension of time until December 30, 2014 to execute the new agreements for all but our .verisign application, where the deadline is July 29th, 2015. Also in regards to our back-end registry customers' new gTLD applications, 5 of our customers' new gTLDs are now delegated into the zone. As a reminder, most of our back-end registry customers have applications for .brand gTLDs. New gTLD applications that qualified as a .brand by ICANN have the opportunity to apply for an extension to execute their registry agreement for a period which ends July 29th, 2015, and many of our customers applied for this extension. Finally, Richard Goshorn, our General Counsel, Senior Vice President and Secretary, has tendered his resignation effective November 14, 2014, to pursue other opportunities. Thomas Indelicarto, currently an Associate General Counsel at VeriSign, will become Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary effective November 14, 2014. Tom joined VeriSign in 2006 and his lengthy experience with the company in senior legal roles will ensure a seamless transition. Over the past several years, we have successfully refocused the company through the completion of our divestiture plan, renewed key contracts, and created process efficiencies. Rick has been an integral leader in these, as well as many other strategic initiatives. Our shareholders have been well served by the company's restructuring over the last 7 years. We thank Rick for his important contributions to helping make VeriSign the company it is today and wish him the very best. I'll comment now on third quarter operating highlights. At the end of September, the total base of active registered domain names in .com and .net was 130 million, consisting of 114.9 million for .com and 15.1 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 3.3% year-over-year. In the second quarter, we added 1.15 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.7 million new gross registrations. In the second quarter of 2014, the renewal rate was 71.8% compared with 72.7% for the second quarter of 2013. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2014 will be approximately 72%. This rate compares to 72.7% achieved in the third quarter of 2013. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive zone growth. These include Internet adoption, economic and eCommerce activity, and changes in registrar go-to-market strategies. Also as we have discussed in previous calls, renewal rates for first time renewing names have been softer, impacting the overall renewal rate. This change is influenced by a number of factors, including search engine algorithm changes, growth in geographies with lower first-time renewal rates, previous year registrar promotions, as well as other factors. Last quarter, we indicated an expected improvement in Q3 and Q4 from the levels we experienced in Q2. This stabilization appears to be on track as we generated 1.15 million net registrations in Q3. As a result, we are forecasting fourth quarter 2014 net additions to the zone to be between 0.7 million and 1.2 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon everyone. During the third quarter, we generated revenue of $255 million, up 4.7% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of $139 million, up 5.1% from $133 million in the third quarter of 2013. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 54.7%, compared to 54.5% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $95 million compared to $81 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.69 in the third quarter this year compared to $0.53 for the third quarter last year. As of September 30, 2014, the company maintained total assets of $2.2 billion. These assets included $1.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which, $599 million were held domestically with the remainder held internationally. Liabilities totaled $3 billion at the end of the quarter. I'll now review some of our key third quarter operating metrics, which are: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2014 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $255 million for the third quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S., and 39% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $893 million, a $37 million increase from year end 2013. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $15 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $101 million compared with $98 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $100 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter expanded to 60.6% compared to 58.8% in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $97 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.70 compared to $0.59 in the third quarter of 2013 and $0.68 last quarter. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 138 million shares in the third quarter compared to 141 million shares in the second quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 13.2 million shares based on the average share price during the third quarter, compared with 10.5 million for the same quarter in 2013. The share count was reduced by the full effect of second quarter repurchase activity and the weighted affect of the 4.2 million shares repurchased during the third quarter. Operating cash flow was $168 million for the third quarter compared to $121 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $134 million in the third quarter last year. Third quarter free cash flow was $150 million. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a tax rate of 28% to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS. However, as we discussed last quarter, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our tax rate used for non-GAAP calculations for at least the next several years. In 2014, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million, which primarily relate to international taxes including the $28 million in foreign withholding tax on the repatriation completed during the second quarter. As stated in our news release from August 18, 2014, the upside trigger on our convertible debentures has been met for the 6-month interest payment period from August 15, 2014, to February 14, 2015. As a result, contingent interest of approximately $5.2 million will be paid on the February 15, 2015 for the -- for this initial semiannual period. With respect to our 2014, our full year guidance includes updates to our revenue, non-GAAP operating margin and capital expenditure projections. Revenue for 2014 is now expected to be in the range of $1,006,000,000 to $1,011,000,000, representing an annual growth rate of approximately 4.5%. This is a change from the $1,003,000,000 to $1,012,000,000 given on our last earnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2014 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 60% and 61%, changed from the 59% to 61% range we gave during our last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $76 million and $80 million for 2014 and includes the contingent interest expense accrual on our convertible debentures. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. This is a change from the $50 million to $60 million range given on our last call. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company demonstrated sound financial performance in the third quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with Q3 2013. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the third quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business. We continue to protect the business by providing over 17 continuous years of 100% availability of the .com DNS. This track record is due to the skill of our people and our specialized infrastructure. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and marketing our current service offerings. Also, we continue to invest in the development of new products and services. Finally, we've been managing the business effectively as demonstrated by our improved operating margins, improved tax position, and by the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases during the third quarter. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long-term value creation for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, the net domain name activity improved actually very nicely in Q3 after a challenging first half in terms of the 1.15 million net adds. And I know some of this is seasonality, at least relative to Q2 anyway. But is there anything else in particular that you would attribute the rebound to?
D. James Bidzos: I'll let George comment on that. I'll just say that I think we did forecast last quarter. We were quite clear that we believe that our data and our modeling showed that we would see a stabilization in Q3 and Q4. So I think first of all, our modeling systems are serving us well, as what we projected actually did occur. I will just comment as well that Q3 was a record for Q3 gross adds. So the business is strong. I think it's calm as a trusted brand. And I think that, that's primarily at the heart of it, but I'll let George add some comments as well.
George E. Kilguss: Yes sure, Gregg. As Jim mentioned, the net adds came in at 1.15 in the quarter, which was at the high end of our guidance. And gross registrations were really the reason that we got to the high end. 8.7 million was clearly up sequentially in both year-over-year. As Jim mentioned, it was the highest Q3 on record. And in gross registrations, we have really seen China continue to be a growth engine for us. China performed very, very well internationally. We also actually saw one of our large U.S. registers -- registrars -- also refocus on customer acquisition and began using discounts to acquire domain names for their customers. And so we also saw some benefit here domestically as well.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay terrific. And then looking within the TLDs, so .net is obviously much smaller than .com, but the .net names in the base did decline again, albeit very slightly this quarter. And I really wanted to get a sense of how you view this going forward. Do you think that we'll continue to see this go a bit lower? Or do you think that .net will resume growth at some point going forward?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, so look, .net zone growth has been relatively flat all year. We believe, like other gTLDs, .net is experiencing some headwinds from the launch of the new gTLD program that happened earlier this year, about February. That program, that new gTLD program, has accumulated about 2.8 million registrations so far this year. But -- so we are seeing some headwinds from that. As far as long-term, we'll give some views at our next call, but I think it really depends on how the market digests those new gTLDs. There's a number of them coming out. There is quite a bit of confusion in the marketplace, and I think it's having some effects on the industry as a total -- as a whole.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just one last one, if I could, for Jim. Would love to hear an update on the patent portfolio and any potential new services.
D. James Bidzos: Okay. We haven't provided any specific updates this quarter. We continue to invest and work on the development on a number of new initiatives and we are making progress on those. But no update on those and no specific news with respect to the patent program other than it's an active program. And, of course, we're very busy and active in filing patents for our innovative inventions here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Ken Wong for Walter. On -- you mentioned some traction with your partners on gTLDs running their back-end registries. Can you give us a sense, now that you've got a few of those under your belt, how customers are going about kind of paying for that product line? Is it a fixed cost? Are you guys getting some piece of the transactional element? Help us understand how that revenue model starts to flow through.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat Kane. Depending upon the type of TLD it is, it varies. And so if it's a brand customer, it certainly is a flat fee that we do because it's small numbers of registrations. But if it's going to be a more widely distributed customer, they tend to be more minimum payments and then per-domain fees on top of that.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got you. So far, these early days, it's more of the flat fee variety since it's mostly the brands, right?
Patrick S. Kane: Well, we've only had 5 go in, so far, that are active. And since most of the ones that we have remaining are brands, we'll see most of those come online in 2015.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got you. And then Jim, you mentioned that you guys had reached out to ICANN to modify your contracts for the transliterations of .com/.net. Kind of what exactly are you trying to get changed? And then how does that potentially impact how you go to market with those particular domains?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I don't think there's actually time to go into the very specifics. We are in what's -- this is essentially a contract negotiation, so we are in that negotiating phase with ICANN for our IDN applications. And just to -- in addition to what Pat said, I want to say that any brands, essentially, were allowed an extension -- to seek an extension to June 29th -- or was it July 29th?
Unknown Executive: July.
D. James Bidzos: July 29, 2015. That includes our .verisign brand and, of course, that would include the brands that we're providing the back-end services for. In the case of our own non-brand IDN applications, ICANN allows up to a 9-month extension, depending on your request and the circumstances. So without going into the details of our negotiation, we were given an extension beyond the September deadline until December 30th of this year. So we have basically a little over a couple of months to complete the negotiating phase that we're in with ICANN. I think I would say that this is a contract negotiation. This is what ICANN's Board envisioned when they authorized the form of agreement and the negotiating period, so we're engaged in the process. I just don't think I can, or it doesn't make sense, and I really can't go into all of those details. But the new date is December 30th of this year.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got you. Okay. So look for something potentially Q1 timeframe. And I guess last thing for George, I note the G&A expense kind of ticked up a bit in Q3 and overall, I think you guys take care [ph] of the margins. Just wondering if anything we should think about there.
George E. Kilguss: In the G&A, nothing really jumps out to me, Ken. I mean, on a GAAP basis, we did see our stock-based compensation go up a little bit quarter-over-quarter and that's primarily because we have our annual director grants hit us in Q3. And we also use variable accounting for a portion of our performance stock units. And as the stock price is up a little over $6 in the quarter, our stock-based compensation increased a little bit as a result of that. But as far as core expenses, I mean, there were a few movements between the line items, but as I mentioned last quarter, I think you should expect that as we continue to actively manage the business.
Operator: And from JPMorgan, we'll go next to Sterling Auty.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to revisit, you made the comment of headwinds that gTLDs have made on the .net base. Is there any concern that you'll see enough headwinds in .com that the .com could get to the point where it's flat or declining like .net is?
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. I think when George said that .net was seeing some headwinds from the confusion associated with new gTLDs, I think generally, .net may be more susceptible to that confusion that swirls around new gTLDs. We're talking about hundreds that have already been delegated into the zone and hundreds more coming. So I think there's some consumer and business confusion associated with all of those. There are many plurals and I think .net is maybe more susceptible to that aspect of the new gTLD program. As I mentioned earlier, .com is going to be celebrating its 30th year in 2015 next year. .com is and is also -- .com also enjoys the longest track record of uninterrupted DNS service, 100% uptime in excess of 17 years now. So I think .com is just a strong brand and strong -- and for that reason, it's a trusted brand. And strong, trusted brands always do well. So I think that's the slight differentiation I would point out between .com and .net, that I think .net is more likely to be -- to fall into that category of different or, in this case, new gTLDs, and possibly be more susceptible to issues surrounding the confusion, which I'm afraid may -- it's going to continue. I mean, we're seeing hundreds of more new gTLDs coming and they're coming at the rate of many every single week. So there -- that confusion is likely to get worse.
George E. Kilguss: And Sterling, I would just like add, I mean, .net was 15.1 million names in the zone versus 15.2 million names. I mean, it's been relatively flat. And so I actually think .net has held up pretty well over the year with all these new names coming on, bringing new names confusion. So I don't view .net's performance as anything negative. I just think it hasn't maybe grown as much or it's been a little flattish just because of the comments Jim was talking about, about the name confusion.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. Again, .com is a strong brand for the reason of trust, security and stability. I would just point out again that this was the largest net new add -- sorry, largest gross adds in Q3 on record. And this is -- now, we're almost a year into the launch of hundreds of new gTLDs. I think that just points out what the security and stability of .com and the trusted brand of .com represent.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you, got you. And now, looking at the guidance that you gave for name additions for the fourth quarter, how much of that is expectation of continued good gross additions on the top versus improved renewal rates? And maybe a comment on how you see the quarter has started. I think it's probably a little bit slower than last year, but obviously, we're at a different point this year, I think, in terms of cycle.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, Sterling. So I mean, we guided 0.7 million to 1.2 million net registrations for the quarter. You did mention that we're out to a little bit of a slow pace in the month of October, but what you have to keep in mind or what I would like to let you know is that there was a -- there's a national Chinese holiday called National Day, which happens the 1st week of October. So as China becomes a larger part of our domain name business, it tends to impact seasonally a little bit more in the months when these holidays occur. So that happened for 7 days in the first month of October and slowed additions a little bit during that time. So we'll see what the zone does. You and I will see it as it's printed on the website. But if you even took where we were today and annualized it, you'd come to the low end of guidance even with that holiday in there. So we feel pretty comfortable with the range that we've articulated there.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. Last -- [indiscernible]
D. James Bidzos: Sorry, if I could just add something, this is Jim. I think another thing to consider with respect to the renewal rate, which you mentioned as well, is that at 72%, which I described in my opening remarks, the renewal rate has ranged between 70% and 74% for the last 5 years. And so we're dead center in the middle of that range.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No. All right, that made sense. Last question is, maybe I didn't really hear a lot of color on the non-naming business, so the other areas. Any particular comments that you could give in terms of how it performed in the quarter? Any changes in outlook?
D. James Bidzos: There's no update -- there's no news that we're actually delivering this quarter other than to say that we're -- if you're referring specifically to the NIA business, we're pleased with the development there, but of course, we're not calling that out separately. And we are aggressively pursuing a number of initiatives in which we are making progress, but there's just no update this quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Fred Ziegel with Topeka Capital Markets.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: As I understand it, ICANN for their fiscal '15 budget was originally using something in excess of 30 million new gTLDs. That number, apparently, is now 15 million and most people think that number is way too high. So does that all tie back to confusion, contracting? Are people deciding to just move back to .com? Or what dynamics are at work in that?
Patrick S. Kane: Fred, this is Pat. What I would start off with, as far as the projections go, you're probably best off asking ICANN or better yet, maybe the registrars that actually sell the domains as to what they're thinking. But as Jim mentioned earlier, it's quite possible, and we believe, and we've -- and I've certainly seen written many times that there is additional confusion in the space, whether you have singles, plurals, who's going to buy what in terms of the different areas, what the communities look like, et cetera, and what still has to come out. So I think that there is some confusion. And I think, as Jim pointed out, with all these domains, the TLD that roll out every week, you'll see more and more confusion, I believe.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Atchley, I'll turn the call back to you, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded, and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, www.verisigninc.com. There, you will also find our second quarter 2014 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our second quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $250 million, which was 4.6% higher year-over-year, and delivered strong financial performance, including $129 million in free cash flow. The base of .com and .net active registered domain names ended the quarter at 128.9 million. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Our strategic framework to protect, grow and manage the business continues to serve us well as we see operational and financial benefits from our focus and discipline. As part of managing our business, during the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 6 million shares for $300 million. On July 23, 2014, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for repurchase by approximately $491 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share buyback program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Before I get into the second quarter results, I want to provide a few updates since our last earnings call. First, I'm pleased to inform you that during the second quarter, we completed the repatriation of a net $741 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries. Also today, we announced an increase in the annual fee for a .net domain registration per our agreement with ICANN. As of February 1, 2015, the annual fee for a .net domain name registration will increase from $6.18 to $6.79. As of the end of Q2, there were 15.2 million .net registered names. During the second quarter, additional new generic top-level domains were delegated into the root zone. As you recall, VeriSign began to engage in the negotiating and contracting process with ICANN on our remaining 13 applications last quarter. We continue to move forward on our negotiations with ICANN but have no further updates at this time. Also, one of our back-end registry customers, new gTLD has gone into sunrise period, and additional customers have either passed pre-delegation testing or are scheduled for pre-delegation testing shortly. We will provide further updates as appropriate regarding the status of our applications and the status of back-end registry customers. Regarding our patent program, we continue to receive inquiries from registry operators about using some elements of our patented registry technology. We're also exploring new ways of bringing the industry together to coordinate ongoing development of registry operations. I'll comment now on second quarter operating highlights. At the end of June, the total base of active registered domain names in .com and .net was 128.9 million, consisting of 113.7 million for .com and 15.2 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 3.7% year-over-year. In the second quarter, we added 0.42 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.5 million new gross registrations. In the first quarter of 2014, the renewal rate was 72.6% compared with 73.2% for the first quarter of 2013. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2014 will be approximately 71.7%. This rate compares to 72.7% achieved in the second quarter of 2013. As we discussed the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive zone growth. These include search algorithm changes, changes to certain domestic and international registrar marketing tactics and confusion from the initial rapid introduction of a large number of new top-level domains. Also, we have discussed in previous calls renewal rates, for the first time, renewing names have been softer, impacting the overall renewal rate. This change is influenced by a number of factors, including search algorithm changes, growth in geographies of lower first-time renewal rates, previous year registrar promotions and other factors. Last quarter, we did guide to lower net adds for Q2 and indicated an expected recovery in Q3 and Q4. This recovery appears to be on track, and we forecast third quarter 2014 net additions to the zone to be between 0.6 million and 1.1 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. During the second quarter, we generated revenue of $250 million, up 4.6% year-over-year; and delivered GAAP operating income of $143 million, up 8.4%, from $132 million in the second quarter of 2013. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 57.2% compared to 55.2% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $100 million compared to $87 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.71 in the second quarter this year compared to $0.55 for the second quarter last year. On June 30, 2014, the company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion, which included $1.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Liabilities totaled $3 billion at the end of the quarter. Of the $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter, $729 million was domestic, with the remainder held internationally. I'll now review some of our key second quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then provide some additional commentary on our cash tax rate, and then discuss our 2014 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $250 million for the second quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S. and 39% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $890 million, a $35 million increase from year-end 2013. Second quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $9 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $98 million compared with $99 million in the first quarter of 2014 and $98 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter expanded to 60.9% compared to 58.9% in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $96 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.68 compared to $0.58 in the second quarter of 2013 and $0.64 last quarter. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 141 million shares in the second quarter compared to 149 million shares in the first quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 11.3 million shares based on the average share price during the second quarter compared with 9.4 million for the same quarter in 2013. The share count was reduced by the full effect of first quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 6 million shares repurchased during the second quarter. Operating cash flow was $121 million for the second quarter compared to $142 million in the first quarter of 2014 and $147 million for the second quarter last year. Second quarter operating cash flow was lower, primarily due to $28 million in foreign withholding tax on the repatriation completed during the second quarter. Second quarter free cash flow was $129 million. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a tax rate of 28% to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS. However, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our tax rate used for non-GAAP calculations for at least the next several years. One of the primary reasons for this lower expected cash tax rate relates to our convertible debentures. The interest expense deduction for the income tax purposes is based on the adjusted issue price of these debentures, and the adjusted issue price grows over time due to the difference between the 8.5% interest reduction on the adjusted issue price and the cash coupon rate of 3.25% on the principal amount of the debenture compounded annually. The total deduction, which includes the cash coupon amount, has grown since the debentures were issued in 2007 to a deduction of $137 million in 2012, $146 million in 2013 and $77 million through the first 2 quarters of 2014. These amounts are exclusive of any contingent interest payments, which are also tax-deductible. We have added additional detail to our second quarter 10-Q to help you better understand the specifics of the tax benefits the company receives from these debentures. Additionally, our cash tax rate will benefit over the next several years from the usage of various tax attributes, including $192 million of foreign tax credits. In 2014, we now expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million, which primarily relate to international taxes, including the $28 million in foreign tax withholding on the repatriation completed during the second quarter, just mentioned. As a note, we have updated our non-GAAP definition to remove items that no longer appear in our financial statements, as well as to reflect the potential that we may pay contingent interest on our convertible debt debentures in the future. Beginning August 2000 -- beginning August 15, 2014, upside contingent interest payments under our convertible debentures may start to accrue if the upside trigger is met. The upside trigger is met if the debenture's average trading price is at least 150% of the par value during the 10 trading days before each semiannual interest period. Recently, the debentures have been trading in a range of about 150% to 155% of par. If triggered, the contingent interest would be payable February 15, 2015, for this initial semiannual period. The upside trigger is tested semiannually for the following 6 months and if the upside trigger is reached for that period, we will issue a news release detailing the amount of the contingent interest that will accrue during the relevant period. The semiannual upside contingent interest payment for a given period can be approximated by applying the annual rate of 50 basis points to the aggregate market value of all outstanding debentures, and dividing by 2 for that semiannual period payment amount. Non-GAAP net income will be decreased by amounts accrued, if any, during the period for contingent interest payable resulting from upside or downside triggers related to the subordinated convertible debentures. Our non-GAAP definition can be found in today's earnings release and on a slide in the appendix of today's earnings presentation. With respect to 2014, our full year guidance includes updates to our revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net and capital expenditure projections. Revenue for 2014 is now expected to be in the range of $1,003,000,000 to $1,012,000,000, representing an annual growth rate of approximately 4% to 5%. This is a change from the $1 billion to $1,015,000,000, as given on our last earnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2014 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 59% and 61%, changed from the 58% to 60% range we gave on our last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and other non-GAAP non-operating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $76 million and $80 million for 2014, reflecting the possibility that we may begin to accrue for the upside contingent interest expense on our convertible debentures starting in August of this year. This expense is increased from the $73 million to $77 million range, as given during our last call. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $50 million and $60 million, changed from the $50 million to $70 million range given on our last call. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company demonstrated sound financial performance in the second quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with Q2 2013. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the second quarter, we further our work to protect, grow and manage the business. One week ago today, we marked 17 continuous years of 100% availability of .com. This track record is due to the skill of our people and our specialized infrastructure. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and extending our service offerings and through the development of new products and services. Finally, we've been managing the business effectively, as demonstrated by our improved operating margins, improved tax position and by the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases during the second quarter. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long-term value-creation for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Sterling Auty at JP Morgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One question and one follow-up. First, on the question side. We saw some news out of Google recently in terms of it looks like they're getting into the registrar business. I'm wondering if you could comment in terms of how you think that might impact the industry and maybe how it might impact your business.
D. James Bidzos: Okay. Sterling, thanks. This is Jim. Yes, and maybe for some of those out there who aren't aware, Google did make an announcement recently that they would -- they are actually an accredited registrar, and they announced that they would be offering a package of services, including domain names to businesses. Their stated goal was to try to get the small businesses online at a faster rate. I think they said that roughly only half of very small businesses in America have Web presences today, and that's the market that they're targeting. So I won't speak for registrars and say what it might mean for them, but I think for registries like VeriSign, this is actually good news because Google is obviously a company with a lot of market reach and is able to target businesses. They did announce this as part of their release of news that .com and .net would be among the domains that they'll be offering to these new businesses that are coming online. They'll be offering some other services as well, e-mail and some other services. But I think for us, this is good news because Google as an additional retail outlet for our products can only benefit .com and .net, as they become available to more people from a company with tremendous capability to reach those small businesses that are not yet online. So I see this as a plus for us. Now Google also has a registry and they have applied for new top-level domains. Some of those have been delegated, but I believe they've said themselves that they keep a separation between their registry and their registrar operation. So I think -- I take their announcement at face value, that they're going to bring businesses online, they're going to offer a package of services and they're going to offer popular domain names, including .com and .net. So I'm encouraged by it.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, great. And then as a follow-up, George, on the tax side, a lot of moving parts there. I just want to make sure, maybe you can kind of summarize the key, real key points as we think about it. And especially wondering, you talked about accruing for the contingent interest. Is that something that -- that contingent interest payment, will that actually still be in the non-GAAP numbers or will you pro forma that out?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, thanks, Sterling. So with regard to taxes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we expect our cash tax rate to be well below the 28% tax rate that we used to calculate our non-GAAP EPS and non-GAAP net income. My comments really are an attempt to try to give you additional insight into some of the key drivers of that cash tax rate, the largest of which is the interest tax deduction we get from our convertible debenture. As mentioned, the deduction totaled $146 million in 2013. Now that $146 million includes the roughly $40 million of interest, the coupon interest of 3.25%. But that full amount is deductible and helps shield our U.S. tax rate. Now I gave comparative figures in the script of the year-over-year amount, so it was $137 million in 2012 deduction versus $146 million in 2013. And for the 6 months, it was about $73 million in 2013, and that grew to about $77.5 million for 2014. So this deduction continues to grow between about 6% to 7% per year, and that's really a big driver of our deduction with regard to domestic income. I also mentioned that as a result of the repatriation that we did, we were able to free up about $191 million of foreign tax credits. These tax credits will expire in -- by 2024, but we fully expect to be able to use these foreign tax credits to help offset domestic income over that period. So we really have a decent amount of domestic tax shield. And when you combine those tax attributes with our foreign tax structure, I think you'd see that we're relatively efficient from a tax perspective over the next several years.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard at Citigroup.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Ken Wong for Walter. Jim, just a quick question. On the new gTLDs, those are starting to trickle out into the market, and the .net trends have been looking a little soft lately. Can you perhaps help us understand what impacts you're seeing on your business from the new gTLDs?
D. James Bidzos: Sure, I can expand on what I said in my prepared remarks. I talked about some impact from the confusion of the rapid delegation of new gTLDs. So I think the number as of today is over 300. I think it's over -- just over 340. So it's more than a trickle. There are very, very large number of new top-level domains that have been delegated. They've been -- the first ones appeared in very early February, and there are many of them that are available for sale. They currently have total gross registrations. They don't have any net numbers yet because they haven't been through a renewal cycle. But their total gross registrations for the roughly 6 months that new gTLDs have been for sale is just over 1.6 million, so I think that puts them right about on par with, say, .co. And just to give you some perspective, if you follow our daily adds, the data for the 23rd of July, yesterday, it's about 110,000 gross adds for common net, with about 30,000 -- over 30,000 net adds. And the data for the 22nd is almost identical, just over 110,000 gross adds that day, with over 30,000 net adds for that 1 day. So putting those in perspective, what I meant is that 342 new gTLDs over a period of 6 months is very, very rapid. And I think there is some confusion. And let me just say, first of all, we should be careful about drawing long-term conclusions until we've actually seen a renewal cycle, which we've not seen yet. But I think in the early wave, what you saw was lots of sales of premium domain names. And then in the second wave, I think you saw a lot of new TLDs offering non-premium pricing for everything. So premium pricing seemed to sort of diminish a bit. And then in the third wave, we've seen lots of top -- new top-level domains being offered essentially for free, in some cases being registered for customers in opt-out campaigns where essentially they're not even asking for them. So I think that's caused some confusion. The fact that there are plurals available. So for example, just recently, .supply and .supplies were both delegated. I think that confuses people a little bit. Should they get a registration in just one? Should they get a registration in both? Can they get a registration in both? What if the registration they're seeking is registered somewhere else with high traffic, like .com, but they can't get that? Are they going to lose a lot of traffic to it? I think these are things people are kind of trying to try a -- having some difficulty understanding. So that's what I mean by confusion. So I think that's had some -- that confusion has had some impact. I think it's mostly been in Q2. As I mentioned in my remarks, we did guide to a lower Q2, and we guided to a growing Q3. And I think the numbers I gave you for the last few days would give you an indication. For those of you that follow it, if you just simply take, for example, a straight-line method of the average daily net adds for common net for Q3, you get a number that's just under 1 million. We guided in the range of 0.6 million to 1.1 million. So I think that's generally what we see with the new gTLDs, some confusion in a very, very large number of them. We do know that a very large percentage of them, perhaps even a majority, are registered by speculators. There's a lot of speculator activity in them. So it's tough to say exactly what impact it will have on our business long term. I think the first renewal cycle will be very interesting. I think your observation about .net is an interesting question. I can't tell you exactly what the specific impact on .net is, but I would say that .net is probably more of a competitor in -- within the new gTLD community than .com, which is really sort of a well-known place where people register domain names for business. .net is as well, but I think it's probably sort of more seen in a category -- maybe even some people think of it as the new gTLD. But it does have 15.2 million registrations. It's growth has slowed a bit, but I can't tell you exactly what the various factors are for that. Maybe next quarter, we'll be able to tell you a little bit more. But that -- hopefully, that background was helpful.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That was actually very useful. And then maybe a quick question for George. You guys bumped up the full year operating margin guide to 59% to 61%. Is there much kind of incremental marketing dollars that we might expect in the back half to pop up? Or does that get pushed out? I recall kind of in kind of Q1, there was some potential marketing that you guys thought you guys would do that might be pushed out. Has that been pushed out beyond 2014 and that's the impact on the guide? Or is that still expected to roll in this year?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, thanks for the question. We actually saw marketing expense increase quarter-over-quarter. We talked about that in Q1 that we felt we would see an acceleration, and we did. Marketing expense was about $22 million in the quarter. And we continue to have a desire to spend marketing dollars. We expect to put more dollars toward marketing. Having said that, as you've seen in this quarter and previous quarters, we actively manage our expenses. We're clearly looking at the other line items, and we're actually looking at a balance to drive profitable growth. So we're finding areas, opportunity in other areas, to help fund the marketing dollars that we're putting forth. But you should expect us to continue to have a desire to spend on the marketing front.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Gray Powell at Wells Fargo.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just had a couple. To follow up on the last one, can you give us a sense as to the key components that you spend sales and marketing dollars on? And then, how should we think social marketing -- or how should we think of the trending as you launch the new IDNs next year?
George E. Kilguss: You broke up a little there, at least on our end here, Gray. But I think the first part of the question was regards to where we spend our marketing dollars, and we spend it in a variety of different areas. Traditionally, at least this year, a lot of our programs have been looking to spend dollars with registrars in various markets to drive awareness of the brand, whether that be domestically or internationally. But the majority of our marketing programs, at least this year, have been with registrars. And we continually evaluate all the programs that we have in play, assessing the return on investment in. I think some of the programs have worked very, very well for us. Some of the programs, I think, we can tweak and do better on or redirect those funds. But a lot of these programs that we do, we just don't spend it on a dime from quarter-to-quarter. There's a lead time for a lot of these programs that we have to set up, sometimes almost a year in advance with the registrars to get these things laid out. So we can slow down some programs if we see a program that's not working that well or we think that we may have missed the mark and redirect it, but it takes a little while to get that back in the market directed at another program. And as far as -- I think your question was with IDNs. We're still assessing IDNs right now. We'll go through a budgeting process later this year, and I'll probably have a better sense as to what that program would look like once we go through that process.
D. James Bidzos: Just to add to that a bit, Gray, it's Jim. With respect to the second part of your question concerning IDNs, those IDNs that we've applied for when we get through contracting and get the delegation and actually make them available, by definition, are going to need to be marketed through registrars because they're going to be marketed in countries, of course, in the native language script. So we won't be working through domestic registrars here in the U.S., maybe their partners overseas. So clearly, we'll need to make some investment with the registrar together to prepare materials and develop marketing materials in the local native language script. One sort of interesting aspect of the IDNs that we've applied for is that they will not be subject to the same pricing restrictions that .com or.net, as a matter of fact, will be, because they'll be covered by the new Registry Agreement, and we will be allowed to price those with tremendous flexibility. The only restriction will be 6 months' notice on price changes. There won't be limits on what the price changes will be, and we'll be able to even price each of the 9 differently if we choose to. So we can price in factors that can address issues of particular marketing expenses, so we're developing those programs, but we are fortunate to have a tremendous amount of flexibility on how we market them and how we team with the registrars to work with them. So we're moving down that path. We're starting to work out those plans, but we're sort of focused on contracting with ICANN right now.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just one more, if I may, and I hope this one isn't too specific. Do you have a sense as to the percentage of .com domains that are either parked or owned by speculators? And I know you guys used to disclose it in your quarterly domain stats report. And I think the last stat I saw in 2012, was it about maybe 17% and on the decline. I was just curious if you happen to know that statistic.
D. James Bidzos: We don't have that number with any accuracy. I'm not sure that we -- I mean, we may have -- I'm not sure how we reported that number you're referring to. It would be speculative, anyway. I mean, I can -- it's a very difficult number to arrive at. So I'll give you one very brief example of why you have to be very careful about those numbers. I own a couple of domains, very few, just a handful. I'm not a domain speculator by any means, but I do own a couple of domains that are not active. I don't do anything with them. And I've registered 1 with 1 registrar, and I've registered 2 with a different registrar. Registrar A has a policy that allows them to park my domain because it's not active and to post ads to that. And so anybody who's out there crawling the Web, trying to assess what that domain name is would very quickly conclude, based on its characteristics, that the owner is a domain speculator. And I am absolutely not a domain speculator. The other registrar that I have domains registered through has a policy that does not allow that. And so maybe you'll get a more accurate accounting for that one. So it's very, very difficult there. Lots of individuals who have purchased domains, their family name, as in my case, or other domains, that they just aren't doing anything with at this moment. And depending on who they're registered through, they very much look like they're owned by domain speculators. So if you do see any statistics like that, I think you have to be very, very careful about them. It's a very tricky thing to assess.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference back to Mr. David Atchley for any closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President of Naming Services
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome the VeriSign's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Senior Director of Investors Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, www.verisigninc.com. There, you will also find our first quarter 2014 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our earnings release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter results demonstrate a good start to 2014. We reported revenue of $249 million, which was 5% higher year-over-year and delivered strong financial performance, including $130 million in free cash flow. We processed 8.6 million new registrations during the first quarter and added 1.28 million net new names, bringing our name base to a total of 128.5 million active .com and .net domain names. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continue to see benefits from our focus in and discipline in the execution of our strategic framework to protect, grow and manage the business. As part of managing our business, during the first quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 2.4 million shares for $132 million. At the end of the first quarter, $868 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Before I get into the first quarter results, I want to provide updates on a few areas from the quarter. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, we intend to repatriate between $700 million and $800 million of cash, held by foreign subsidiaries, to the U.S. At that time, we had also indicated our expectation was that this would be done in either the second or third quarter of 2014. And I'm pleased to inform you that we now believe this repatriation will happen sooner and will be completed during the second quarter of 2014. During the first quarter, additional new generic top-level domains were delegated into the root zone. As you'll recall, VeriSign applied for 14 new generic top-level domains. 12 of these applications are internationalized domain name versions of .com and .net. We applied for 2 IDN transliterations of .com in Chinese, both simplified and traditional Chinese, which are variants of each other. ICANN placed these 2 .com IDN applications in a string similarity contention set because they are variants, and subsequently, requested that we withdraw one of the applications until ICANN could address its policy on variance. For now, we have withdrawn our application for the transliteration of the .com IDN string in traditional Chinese. With the Chinese variant contention set behind us, we are now ready to engage in the negotiating and contracting process with ICANN on our remaining 13 applications. Also, as an update, we do expect one of our back-end registry customers to launch their top-level domain during the second quarter. We will provide further updates as appropriate regarding the status of our applications and the status of back-end registry customers. On our innovation and patent programs, we do have progress updates. First, we talked about contracting for a pilot with a large firm for the use of an innovative new product service, which we have developed. The contracting for that pilot was completed earlier this year, and the pilot is underway. Second, there is an update on our patent program. We are beginning to receive inquiries from registry operators about using some elements of our patented registry technology. And as you may have seen, we joined with Juniper Networks in the quarter to provide multilevel optimized protection from diverse types of DDoS attacks. The new offering can provide highly scalable, always-on DDoS protection by moving mitigation from Juniper's on-premise DDoS Secure appliance to VeriSign's higher-capacity, cloud-based DDoS Protection Service. Further, VeriSign and Juniper plan to develop and promote open-source standards for communications between on-premise and cloud-based DDoS protection. No delivery dates or forecast for these activities are provided at this time, but will be announced as available. During the first quarter, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, or NTIA, announced its intent to begin a process to transition to the global stakeholder community its oversight of what is called the IANA functions and related root zone management functions, which, principally, include processing changes to the root zone like the addition to the root of new top-level domain names, as well as oversight of the IP address base. VeriSign makes changes to the root zone that are approved by NTIA, including adding new gTLDs, and then publishes the zone file as part of its Root Zone Maintainer role, which we have performed without compensation, spanning 3 decades. This function is independent from, and not related to, our contracts with ICANN to manage the .com and .net registries. As we stated in our March 17 news release, the announcement by NTIA does not affect VeriSign's operation of the .com and .net registries. The announcement does not impact VeriSign's .com or .net domain name business, nor impact its .com or .net revenue, or those agreements which have presumptive rights of renewal. I'll comment now on first quarter operating highlights. At the end of March, the total base of active registered domain names in .com and .net was 128.5 million, consisting of 113.2 million for .com and 15.2 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 4% year-over-year. In the first quarter, we added 1.28 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.6 million new gross registrations. In the fourth quarter of 2013, the renewal rate was 72.2% compared with 72.9% for the fourth quarter of 2012. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2014 will be approximately 72.6%. This rate compares to 73.3% achieved in the first quarter of 2013. As we discussed last quarter, while there are many factors that drive zone growth, changes to certain domestic and international registrar marketing tactics have had a near-term moderating impact on the zone, as they are focused on increasing bundled product offerings rather than on driving domain name sales, and have been running fewer discount programs on new domains. While it's too early to say for how long or how much this factor may affect zone growth, we still see it impacting registration growth in the second quarter. By the way, since we discussed this during our February earnings call, we have seen some refocus by certain registers -- registrars back to customer acquisition and discount programs. Also, as we have discussed in previous calls, the overall renewal rate has been softer, primarily due to the lower renewal rates for first-time renewing names. Given our forecast for zone growth, including the factors just discussed, we expect .com and .net names added to the zone in the second quarter of 2014 to be between 0.3 million and 0.8 million names, and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. I'm sorry, wrong page there. Seem to be a little out of sync. There we go. Sorry. Last sentence was we expect common net names added to the zone in the second quarter of 2014 to be between 0.3 million and 0.8 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. During the first quarter, we generated revenue of $249 million, up 5% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of $140 million, up 4.7% from $133 million in the first quarter of 2013. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 56.1% compared to 56.4% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $94 million compared to $85 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.64 in the first quarter this year compared with $0.52 for the first quarter last year. As of March 31, 2014, the company maintained total assets of $2.6 billion, which included $1.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Liabilities totaled $3.1 billion at the quarter end. Of the $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $192 million was domestic, with the remainder held internationally. I'll now review some of our key first quarter operating metrics, which are: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2014 full-year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $249 million for the first quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S., and 39% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $886 million, a $30 million increase from year-end 2013. First quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $10 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $99 million compared with $106 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $96 million in the same quarter a year ago. The sequential decline in the expense is primarily a result of timing differences related to implementation of certain planned marketing programs. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter expanded to 60.1% compared to 59.6% in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $95 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.64 compared to $0.58 in the first quarter of 2013 and $0.65 last quarter. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share calculations. In 2014, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $50 million, which primarily relate to international taxes, including withholding tax on our intended repatriation. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 149 million shares in the first quarter compared to 150 million shares in the fourth quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 14.3 million shares, based on the average share price during the first quarter, compared with 7.9 million for the same quarter in 2013. The share count was reduced by the full effect of fourth quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 2.4 million shares repurchased during the first quarter. Operating cash flow was $142 million for the first quarter compared to $147 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $150 million for the first quarter last year. First quarter free cash flow was $130 million. With respect to our 2014, our full-year guidance includes updates to our revenue and capital expenditure projections. Revenue for 2014 is now expected to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.015 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 4% to 5%. This is a change from the $1 billion to $1.02 billion, or growth rate of 4% to 6%, as given on our last earnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full-year 2014 non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 58% and 60%, as we expect sales and marketing spend to accelerate in future quarters. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $73 million and $77 million for 2014. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $50 million and $70 million, changed from the $60 million to $80 million range given on our last call. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company demonstrated sound financial performance in the first quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with the first quarter of 2013. We have maintained a strong balance sheet, and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the first quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business. We have protected our business by providing over 16 years of 100% availability of the .com and .net DNS, and this month celebrated the company's 19th year. This track record is due to the strength and experience of our people, our commitment to excellence, and our specialized and purpose-built infrastructure. Our innovation efforts support our goals to drive profitable growth through the development of new products and services. And finally, we've been managing the business effectively, as demonstrated by our improved operating margins and delivery of value to shareholders through share repurchases during the first quarter. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and provide value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We will now take your questions, and operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, in your prepared remarks, you touched upon the NTIA and the transfer of the IANA contract, we still -- we heard your prepared remarks, but we still get a number of questions, people wondering, the next time that .com comes up for renewal, for example, is there any additional risk that this change would actually add in terms of any possibility that you would lose the contract?
D. James Bidzos: Thanks for that question, Sterling. Yes, we get some questions, too. I think there's confusion because of just similar technology, but the best way I can describe it is to simply say these are entirely separate, they're entirely unrelated, and whatever plays out in NTIA's intent to exit IANA and transition this to ICANN is an entirely separate process. I know that there are some politics that swirl around it as well. But the bottom line is that the .com and .net contracts are entirely separate. They're separate agreements, they stand alone and nothing is has changed since those contracts were signed, meaning that the only we would lose those contracts is if we breach those contracts and fail to cure it. All of this activity swirling around IANA has no impact whatsoever on it. And I guess, I'm not sure how to be more clear than that, but that's the best description I can give you. So in a word, if your question is, how can all this IANA stuff impact our common net renewals, the answer is naught.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I think part of where people are coming from is, is this a sign that U.S., as a government, is relinquishing control? And if you had international stakeholders more in influenced positions with ICANN, could it somehow change what would happen to the contracting process the next time?
D. James Bidzos: Well, the contract survived any assignment or termination. Our obligation survived, ICANN or its successors' obligations survived. So our obligation to perform and their obligation to renew if we perform all survived. So all of those politics, all of those potential changes. Also, if you watch the hearings, you saw the testimony of Larry Strickling from NTIA and Fadi Chehadé, ICANN's CEO, they both testified that there will not be a transition without appropriate safeguards. ICANN is not leaving the U.S. And so I think, those are just simply further indications that these -- that what NTIA said, that it is really transitioning what it believes is a clerical role, is the way that it sees this. So we have a long way to go while these safeguards are developed, but given that and given the standalone protected nature of all of the registry agreements, including common net, I just don't see a scenario where there's any impact on these contracts. They are completely separate.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And maybe one last follow-up question. Looking at the .net additions to the zone and the guidance for the June quarter, from your perspective, do you think that the new gTLD program is starting to have an impact on the growth of the .com/.net zone?
D. James Bidzos: Well there are a lot of factors that affect the zone. They're all the things that we've been talking about for some time. Obviously, the changes that [indiscernible] for them is the changes in PPC, the law of large numbers as the zone grows and also, these behavioral changes in registrars that we've talked about. Now having said that, additionally, there are roughly 100 -- over 100 new gTLDs that are delegated into the zone, and they're accepting registrations right now, and have been pretty much for most of the first quarter, for roughly almost 3 months now. And in total, there are about 570,000 registrations in, collectively, all of the new gTLDs year-to-date. I think that information is current as of just a couple of days ago. So it's too soon to tell if any of those registrations or what part of those registrations are at the expense of a .com or a .net registration, because until we see the first renewal cycle on these new gTLDs, it's really going to be difficult to assess how much impact they might have on the .com/.net zone.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next call comes from Steve Ashley, W -- Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just maybe to follow up on Sterling's comment here regarding -- and you -- Jim, you did a very nice job with just touching on all of the things that have been impacting the pace of domain name growth, with the behavioral change of the registrar, the algorithm changes, law of large numbers, is it your hope or would it be your expectation that at some point in future, we could see the growth rate of the zone reaccelerate and get stronger? Not asking for a timeframe, just conceptually, is it possible that we could see an acceleration in growth down the road at some point?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I think what we can say and that we said last quarter, and I'll let George add some comments to this, but our models, which we have a fair amount of confidence in, were fairly good in giving us the basis for our first quarter guidance. They do show that second quarter is a little bit weaker, and they do show recovery in the third and fourth quarter. I did mention also that since February, we have seen a return to focus on new-unit acquisition and discount programs by some of the registrars. So I think it's early to tell if that's a trend. But I think, given all those -- and the fact that we did see 8.6 million gross adds during the quarter in .com and .net says that there's still very strong activity and strong registrations. So certainly, in terms of future zone growth, I'm very confident. George, did you want to add anything to that?
George E. Kilguss: Yes. Steve, the only other commentary I would provide you is, if you recall our guidance that we gave on our last call, we talked about a zone growth of 2% to 4% in 2014. And that's still our expectation for 2013. As Jim mentioned, there are many factors that impact us inter-quarter, but in totality, we're really looking at a zone growth of between 2% and 4% for 2014.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. I guess, put another way, we're essentially see -- we're certainly not changing our full-year 2014 guidance.
Operator: And next is Fred Ziegel from Topeka Capital Markets.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A question on the non-domain business, what's the status there? When are we doing? There's an awful lot of activity in DDoS, and I know you know that with Juniper, but what -- can you give us an update on kind of the products schedule in that part of the business, which I know is a small piece at the moment?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we don't break it out separately, as you know. I don't have any updates specific to any particular product schedule. Juniper did make a detailed press release, and you can look there for indications from their perspective on this particular partnership. And I did provide the 3 updates. We did get to the signing of a pilot agreement with a large firm that we're conducting a pilot with. I did mention some activity in patents. On the Juniper thing, I think one of the interesting aspects of that particular announcement is that it's quite different and interesting, in a sense that it's a hybrid solution, and it matches both our in-cloud DDoS mitigation service and Juniper's own on-premise equipment DDoS mitigation offering. And certainly, the DDoS market is growing. It's an area where companies are very concerned, and they're making investments. So I'd look at this as an indication that 2 companies that are major players in that market are getting together to try to provide a more optimized offering against more specialized attacks. So I think at this point, the only update that we can give you is that we've partnered with someone to address what we think is a growing market. Beyond that, unfortunately, we just can't say more at this point.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Are you applying more resources, people, R&D to the non-domain part of the business, given the slowdown in net adds?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I -- let me try to answer your question this way. When we put together our plans for 2014, we baked in investments in a number of growth initiatives. And those are fully funded, and we're executing and investing in those growth initiatives. And so all of our guidance contains all of that. We don't expect to change that. So to the extent we've planned for and budgeted for growth initiatives, we are absolutely spending that money where we're making those investments. We've made our bets, we've chosen our innovation programs, we've chosen our new products and services to pursue, and we're pursuing those. And so we're staffing and funding those programs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And as a final -- I'm sorry, Walter Pritchard from Citibank.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just on the guidance, the operating margin guidance, 58% to 60%, you're running at the high end of the range right now. You've had a history of outperforming on the margin side, and you're also talking a bit about some spending in the second half. So I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of that margin guide. Why shouldn't we see you sort of hold this margin at 60% through the year? And then just had a follow-up question around some of the specific spending.
George E. Kilguss: Yes. Sure, Walter. This is George Kilguss. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did have some marketing expense that pushed into later quarters. Basically, as I've talked about, we put a little bit more rigor around evaluating some of our marketing programs. Today, we do quite a bit of marketing through registrars, and they actually give us joint marketing proposals, which we evaluate. And as we're looking at those to see if we think they're good for us driving profitable growth, we put some more rigor and analysis around those. And that has actually caused a little bit of a slip to just some of the approval of those programs. And so some of those have slipped into Q2 and subsequent quarters. I would say, approximately, about $4 million or so of spend -- we expected to spend in marketing have slipped out the first quarter. And I would say, a fair bit of that will go into the second quarter, but some have slipped to the previous quarters. So again, it's really a timing difference. We do continue to have desires to invest further in sales and marketing, and we're doing that, we're trying to do that in a measured way. And so as a result of that timing difference, we're still keeping the same guidance between 58% and 60% for the full year of non-GAAP operating margin.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it, George. And then just following up on that a little bit. On the -- it sounds like you did have some registrars get a bit more aggressive on marketing spend -- or at least, on promotional activity marketing spend. I'm assuming that's more their own -- under their own choice or their own investment. I'm wondering, as you think about deploying more marketing dollars into the field and second -- especially in the second half of the year, is that what the driver is in terms of you believing that the zone file will stabilize and improve in terms of growth? And could you just remind us of the factors you think will drive that improvement?
George E. Kilguss: Yes. So we made comments last quarter that we saw some registrars go for more ARPU-type of activity than they did for using domain name registrations to acquire customers. And we talked about domestic and international registrars both having that tactic. As Jim mentioned, we did see -- there's still some, particularly U.S. registrars, that are still keeping out with that ARPU strategy, but we have seen some of the international registrars regroup and go back to more of trying to acquire customers using domain names as their method to do it. So more of a customer acquisition. So we have seen a little bit of a change in that behavior. We also talked in the last call that in January, we saw a little softness from emerging markets in the month of January, particularly around China. Now post-January and post our fourth quarter call, we've actually seen a pickup in some of the emerging-market activity, particularly in China. We saw February and March be relatively strong in those markets. And so we're clearly looking for those markets to continue to perform there, but again, there's a number of confluence of factors that are going on that we mentioned there. But we still believe that our zone will grow between 2% and 4% in 2014.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: We noticed that a couple of your larger registrars are running $0.99-first-year .com promotions in the recent months, and just kind of wondering if that was able to stimulate some decent level of demand in the quarter and they may be a partial offset to some of the bundling and some of the going-after-ARPU dynamics that you guys had pointed out?
George E. Kilguss: So Gregg, this is George. We definitely saw some of our registrars retarget domain names as a customer-acquisition vehicle. They were doing some discounting there. And I think they've seen some improved results from that. But not all registrars have adopted that. Some registrars have done variance of that where they may have to do something called retargeted or targeted price discounting, where maybe if you come back to their site multiple times, you might get a lower price, depending on your interest. But clearly, internationally, we have seen some registrars go back to discounting, and that has helped net registrations.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, George. And then just one follow-up, wondering if you happen to the number of names up for renewal in the Q2?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, I can get that for you. So it's 27.5 million.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I'm sorry, George, I didn't catch that.
George E. Kilguss: 27.5 million.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Priya Parasuraman from Wells Fargo.
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Priya for Gray. I was wondering if you have any more color on the Chinese IDN transliteration, which you talked about in your prepared remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Okay, I'm sorry, I had trouble hearing. The very last part of your question was about the Chinese IDN?
Priya Parasuraman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. I was wondering if you could provide any more color on that, and if that could be reinstated or is that temporary?
D. James Bidzos: Yes. So let me just describe what happened there. So basically, ICANN's policy was not prepared to address the situation where a single applicant had a variant. We had communications with ICANN going back over a year. Early on, they advised that we file separate applications until they sorted out their policy. They have not sorted out that policy as of this time. And so the simple way to move forward was to withdraw one and move forward with the other, which we've done. However, when they do sort out that policy, we expect that new policy to mirror their ccTLD policy, which does allow for these multiple variants. And so yes, hopefully, we will have the opportunity to reinstate and bring in the other Chinese IDN. But this, at least, allows us a way forward with the traditional Chinese IDN and it also allows us to move forward with contracting for the other 12. So for a total of 13 IDNs, transliterations of .com and .net, we are now engaging in the contracting process with ICANN. And I have Pat here as well, who's a little closer to all this. If you wanted to add anything, Pat?
Patrick S. Kane: The only thing that I would add, Jim, is that when we chose between the Traditional and the Simplified Chinese variant, we chose to retain the Simplified and withdraw the Traditional because the Simplified Chinese is the bigger marketplace.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to David Atchley.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. During the second quarter, Jim and George will be presenting at the JPMorgan Global Technology, Media and Telecom conference at 10 a.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, May 21, in Boston. The webcast registration details for this conference will be available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President of Naming and Directory Services
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded and unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Call. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, www.verisigninc.com. There you will also find our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our press release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent forms -- report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Please note that we have not fully completed the tax provision calculation process and the tax provisions for both the fourth quarter and full year 2013, including the income tax benefit related to the worthless stock deduction and income tax expense related to taxable income generated in the U.S. as a result of the intended repatriation, are still preliminary, and therefore, GAAP net income and GAAP earnings per share for these periods are also preliminary. Final tax provisions, GAAP net income and GAAP earnings per share will be included in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, to be filed with the SEC, and may differ materially from what we discuss today. VeriSign retains its longstanding policy not to comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter results capped a solid 2013 for VeriSign, in which we executed on our goals to protect, grow and manage the business. In 2013, we provided uninterrupted availability for the common net DNS, now for over 16 years. We processed 34 million new domain registrations and finished the year with 127.2 million names in the domain name base. We recorded strong 2013 financial performance, including 10% year-over-year revenue growth and $533 million in free cash flow. During the year, we repurchased 21 million shares for $1 billion. As noted in our press release, we liquidated one of our domestic subsidiaries during the fourth quarter and plan to claim a worthless stock deduction on our 2013 federal income tax return for a net tax benefit of approximately $375 million. Also, we intend to repatriate approximately $700 million to $800 million of offshore cash during the second or third quarter of this year. George will provide further details on the worthless stock deduction and plans for repatriating a portion of our offshore cash. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of 2013. During the fourth quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 4.1 million shares for $225 million. On January 31, 2014, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for repurchase by approximately $528 million to a total of $1 billion in authorized and available under the share buyback program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. New generic top level domains were delegated into the root zone during Q4. While we admit we have been invited by ICANN to begin the contracting process for 12 of our 14 applications, VeriSign has not yet signed agreements for these gTLD applications. We will provide updates, as appropriate, regarding the status of our applications and the status of back-end registry customers. Over the past few quarters, we've spoken about efforts in our area of innovation and intellectual property. We've made progress in both these areas and may see revenue from these efforts, as well as from new gTLDs and back-end Registry Services in 2014. However, based on current visibility, we're not including any such revenue in the 2014 revenue guidance George will be discussing in a few minutes. Our NIA unit grew revenues, bookings and customers in 2013. I'll comment now on the fourth quarter and full year operating highlights. In our Naming business, at the end of December, the total base of active registered domain names in the zone for common net was 127.2 million, consisting of 112 million for .com and 15.2 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 5% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we added 1.29 million net new names for the domain name base after processing 8.2 million new name registrations. In the third quarter of 2013, the renewal rate was 72.7% compared with 72.5% for the third quarter of 2012. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2013 will be approximately 72.2%. This rate compares to 72.9% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2012. From the daily posting of the zone file through January, the first quarter incremental zone growth has been trending below last year's levels. While there are many factors that drive zone growth, there are a couple of items of note affecting the zone during this quarter. Recent changes to certain domestic and international registrar marketing tactic have had a near-term negative impact on the zones as these registrars are focused on increasing bundled product offerings rather than on driving domain name sales and have been running fewer discount programs on new domain. Also, we see some impacts from economic headwinds in emerging markets that are contributing to January's lower trend in zone growth. While it is too early to say for how long or how much these factors may affect zone growth, we currently see it impacting registrations in the first half of the year. But we expect net new names additions to return closer to last year's levels in the second half of the year. Also, as we have discussed in previous calls, the overall renewal rate has been softer, primarily due to the lower renewal rates for first-time renewing names. Given our forecast for zone growth, including the factors just discussed, we expect .com and .net names added to the zone in the first quarter of 2014 to be between 1 million and 1.5 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before discussing the fourth quarter and full year financials, I would like to review with you the update on the worthless stock deduction and the repatriation noted in today's press release. As Jim mentioned, we liquidated, for tax purposes, one of our domestic subsidiaries during the fourth quarter of 2013, which will allow us to claim a worthless stock deduction on our 2013 federal income tax return. We recorded a net income tax benefit during the fourth quarter of 2013 of approximately $375 million related to the worthless stock deduction, net of valuation allowances and accrual for uncertain tax positions. VeriSign also sold certain cost method investments during the fourth quarter of 2013 and realized a pre-tax nonoperating gain of $15.8 million on this disposition. Additional information regarding this liquidation and the benefit is contained in today's press release. As with any tax filing, the worthless stock deduction may be subject to audit and adjustment by the IRS. If the IRS rejects or reduces the amount of the income tax benefit related to the worthless stock deduction, we may have to pay additional cash income taxes, which could adversely affect our results from operation, financial position and cash flow. Further, we cannot guarantee what the ultimate outcome or amount of benefit we receive will be, if any, if the deduction is reviewed and adjusted by the IRS. As part of this process, we evaluated various scenarios to realizing the tax benefits from the worthless stock deduction and determined that using part of the benefit to offset current year domestic income, combined with the repatriation of a portion of the cash held by foreign subsidiaries, as the most financially beneficial alternative. Accordingly, during the second or third quarter of 2014, we intend to repatriate approximately $700 million to $800 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries in a tax efficient manner by using the tax benefit resulting from the worthless stock deduction to offset the taxable income generated in the U.S. as a result of the repatriation. The repatriation amount utilizes substantially all of the projected, available, distributable capital reserves of our foreign subsidiaries under applicable foreign statutes. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we recorded an income tax expense of approximately $167 million related to the taxable income generated in the U.S. as a result of the intended repatriation in 2014. For funds remaining in the foreign subsidiaries after the intended repatriation that have not been previously taxed in the U.S., our intent remains to indefinitely reinvest those funds outside of the U.S., and accordingly, we have not provided deferred U.S. taxes for such funds. We expect the remaining worthless stock deduction benefit to be used during fiscal 2014 to offset anticipated domestic income taxes. I would now like to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. During the fourth quarter, the company generated revenue of $246 million, up 7% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of $130 million, compared with $135 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 53% as compared to 58.8% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $292 million, compared to $106 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $1.94 in the fourth quarter this year, compared to $0.65 for the fourth quarter last year. Results for the fourth quarter of 2013 included the income tax benefit related to the worthless stock deduction, income tax expense related to the taxable income generated in the U.S. as a result of the intended repatriation and $15.8 million pre-tax nonoperating gains from the sale of certain investments, which collectively increased net income by approximately $218 million and increased diluted earnings per share by $1.45. As of December 31, 2013, the company maintained total assets of approximately $2.66 billion, up from $2.06 billion a year ago. Of the total assets, $1.7 billion were in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including $250 million in cash and cash equivalents held domestically. Total liabilities were $3.08 billion as of the fourth quarter, up from $2.07 billion a year ago. I'll now review some of our key fourth quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2014 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $246 million for the fourth quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S., and 39% was from foreign customers. For the full year, 2013 revenue was $965 million, up 10% year-over-year. Deferred revenue at year-end 2013 totaled $856 million, a $43 million increase from year-end 2012. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $10 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $106 million compared with $100 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $88 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. The non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter came to 56.9%, compared to 62% in the same quarter of 2012. Last quarter, we signaled an expected increase in sales and marketing expense, which was realized in our fourth quarter results. You will also note that G&A expenses were higher in the fourth quarter of 2013 as compared with the third quarter of 2013. Much of this quarter-over-quarter increase in G&A expense is related to capital taxes and other expenses as we prepared for the worthless stock deduction and the intended repatriation of offshore assets during 2014. The fourth quarter 2012 operating margin benefited from certain credits, as detailed in last year's press release. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $98 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.65 compared to $0.59 in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $0.59 last year -- last quarter. Full year 2013 non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.40, a 22% increase over 2012. Results for 2013 included pre-tax nonoperating gains of $15.8 million recognized during the fourth quarter from the sale of certain cross-method investments, which increased non-GAAP net income by $11.4 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.07. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net for 2013 was $45 million expense and included the $15.8 million in realized nonoperating gains from investment sales mentioned earlier. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS calculations. In 2014, we expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $50 million. Much of these expected cash taxes in 2014 relate to international withholding taxes on our intended repatriation. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 150 million shares in the fourth quarter compared to 153 million shares in the third quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 13.7 million shares based on the average share price during the fourth quarter compared with 6.4 million for the same quarter in 2012. The share count was reduced by the full effects of third quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 4.1 million shares repurchased during the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow was $147 million for the fourth quarter, compared to $134 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $171 million for the fourth quarter last year. Full year 2013 operating cash flow was $579 million compared with $538 million for 2012. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $121 million, which includes a decrease of $11 million in excise tax benefit from stock-based compensation and a use of $15 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Free cash flow for 2013 was $533 million, including a net $19 million of excise tax benefits and a use of $66 million in capital expenditures. With respect to 2014 guidance, revenue for 2014 should be in the range of $1 billion to $1.02 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 4% to 6%. This revenue range is based on a zone growth rate of between 2% and 4% for 2014 and takes into consideration our Q1 net additions estimate. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2014 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 58% and 60%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is expected to be an expense of between $73 million and $77 million for 2014. Capital expenditures for the year are expected to be between $60 million and $80 million. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound performance throughout the year. We grew non-GAAP operating income and net income. We maintained a strong balance sheet, executed on improving our capital structure and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I will turn the call back over to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Over the last year, we've furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value. We protected our business by providing over 16 years of uninterrupted availability of the .com and the net DNS. This track record is due to the strength and experience of our people, our commitment to excellence, our specialized and purpose-built network and the extensive redundancy built into our infrastructure. Our focus on innovation supports our business growth initiatives as we continually work to develop new products and services. Furthermore, we've been managing the business effectively through expansion of our operating margins and delivering value to shareholders. During 2013, we repurchased 21 million shares for $1 billion. We recorded an income tax benefit of $375 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. And in 2014, we intend to repatriate $700 million to $800 million of our offshore cash. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and providing value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to drill into the names, first of all. You mentioned a couple of factors that might be headwinds here, emerging markets, and then the renewal rate in terms of the economy. Curious on the emerging markets specifically, can you give us a sense of what kind of growth that they were contributing to the zone increase in 2013? And are there programs you expect to start to come in, in the middle of the year on that discounting trends [ph] that might be exploited? And then one follow-up.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. So we did have some good success in penetrating some international markets last year. They seem to be performing at least early on. We have 1 month of data here with the actual date of January, and we see those markets, but primarily, I would say, China and that market being a little slower than last year. But as we talked about in our prepared comments, there are really a confluence of factors that are affecting our zone in the first quarter. And we talked about some of the changes that registrars had been making in some of their marketing tactics, really focusing more on ARPU and customer acquisitions. We also see them not discounting names as much, which is another indicator of them going after increasing ARPU instead of customer acquisitions. And we've seen the emerging market weakness. I will also say anecdotally, we've seen some continued tweaks of the Google algorithm. We do know there were 2 announced changes, one was a Penguin update and then the other one was something with regard to around how authors are viewed in their systems. But we do note that there's been some volatility in the keyword ranking, at least starting in mid-December and continuing on through January. So we've been noticing that. Haven't seen a direct correlation just yet, but that has been happening. So a confluence of factors that we've seen in the month of January. And as a result of the month of January, we've taken that input into our models and believe that will have somewhat of a negative impact for us, at least in the first half of the year. But our current models show us that the numbers of the net new adds should return in the third and fourth quarter to similar Q3 and Q4 levels from previous years.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, any thought to whether the gTLD program, whether people coming in for new sites might actually be thinking about an alternative gTLD to .com? And maybe that's having some sort of impact? And you also mentioned that your gTLD, both your names and your back-end registry, is not in guidance. Any sense of what that might contribute to 2014?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Sterling, this is Jim. So let me take those in reverse order there. So first of all, the guidance that we gave, as I mentioned during my prepared remarks, does not include any revenue just because of visibility issues. We've been invited to begin contracting. Contracting, as you know, can be a complex process, so we just don't have the visibility to say that. Now some of our back-end customers, I think, are a little bit further down the process, and when I finish here, I'll invite Pat to comment a little bit on where some of them may be. I believe there's at least one of them that we expect to go live some time fairly early in 2014. So as far as the new gTLD program, I don't think that -- I think I don't see anybody who's going to abandon the .com for a new gTLD. There's a lot of strong anecdotal evidence that, that may not be the case. I can give you an example. So for example, you may have seen that the U.K. paper, dailymail.co.uk, a very typical English configuration for a web address, using a company dot U.K. configuration. So dailymail.co.uk purchased dailymail.com. They said that they purchased it because they wanted something that was more global that would allow them to get more traffic, especially in the U.S. They paid GBP 1 million for it. They bought it from The Charleston Daily Mail of Charleston, West Virginia, a 100-year-old Pulitzer Prize winning newspaper, who after they got their roughly $1.6 million for that domain name, were free to go out and buy whatever they wanted. Then they chose to go out and buy charlestondailymail.com. If they bought it for retail, they probably paid about $10 for it. So I think .com is very much the preferred, established reliable name. I don't know what's going to happen in the future with the TLDs. I'm sure some of them will do well, they'll build some community. But I guess I can give you one data point. If we look at -- look back, this is not the first time this has happened. There have been some new TLDs before, and one of them that I think actually is a good idea of what success what might look like, a good example would be .co. And I'm sure a lot of you are familiar with it. .co is a short name, it's just 2 letters. It's a meaningful name, it's linked to company. They went live in July of 2010. They had a very robust marketing partner, they partnered with Go Daddy, the largest registrar. They did 3 Super Bowl ads. They did, I thought, a very good job of marketing. They did partner with Go Daddy on 3 Super Bowl commercials. They have a substantial marketing budget. They had no gTLD competition when they came out. And they're not ICANN-regulated because they're operating under contract from the ccTLD .co for Colombia. So their history was that when they went live in July of 2010, they registered 100,000 domains in the first 10 minutes that they were live. Less than a year later, in June of 2011, they had reached 1 million domains. During that same period, by the way, that 11-month period, .com registered about 7 million. Just under 2 years later, by April of 2013, they had gone from 1 million to 1.5 million, so they added 500,000 domains during those 2 years. During that period, .com added 13.2 million. And then from April of 2013 until December 31 of last year, they added another 90,000 names, they closed the year at 1.59 million. .com added another 3.5 million during that time. I think they've done a great job with .co. I think they've been successful there. They ended the year at 1.59 million domains. Their growth has slowed a bit, obviously. But in Q3, we added 1.55 million names, that's the entire size of the .co zone. We added that in one quarter. We typically have 5x the size of their zone in gross adds in a quarter. So I think with somewhere in the neighborhood of, I don't know, 400 or 500 gTLDs that are non-brand that'll be distributed, it's going to be a little bit more crowded. They're obviously more specialized and different. I'm not sure where that's going to end up, but I do know that we have at least one data point, so I think we've coexisted well and done well with .co, and I'm sure we will with the other gTLDs. And I'm sure there'll be a lot of excitement as they roll out over the course of 2014. But we -- what we described as impacting our zone in the first quarter is what we see, some registrar behavior and also some economic headwinds that we're seeing in Asia.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Chaitanya for Steve Ashley. I wanted to ask, now that you're going to be repatriating $700 million to $800 million in the middle of the year, how should we be thinking about the cash use? Are you going to continue the strategy of aggressive buybacks? Or is there a possibility of more M&A or even a regular dividend?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. First of all, we don't guide to buyback, but I -- we prefer that you look back at our history. We are committed through our strategy framework to protect, grow and manage the business. Under, as I mentioned during my comments, under manage the business, an important component of that is that we return value to our shareholders. We have in the past used dividends, but, of course, we've made extensive use of share repurchases during '13, during 2013, as I mentioned, having deployed $1 billion in cash for share repurchase. Every quarter, we reevaluate the needs of the business and what we may do to have when we decide on capital allocation. With respect to your question about M&A, I think we've been fairly consistent over the years that sort of growth for growth's sake and growth as a strategy is not part of our growth plan. However, if we see a way to accelerate a path to either a new product that we're developing or some other opportunistic things that may come along, we're certainly not opposed to doing those kinds of things if they're consistent with our core business, consistent with our commitment to delivering good, profitable growth. So I'm not saying we're ruling out M&A completely, of course, but there's no M&A in our radar at this point. There could be opportunities in the future. There will be many new registry operators. I don't know if all 500 will ultimately succeed over the years, but again, if there's an opportunity to improve our core business and drive profitable growth through some M&A opportunity, we're certainly open to looking at it, but that is not a part of our growth strategy. We don't believe in acquisition as a growth strategy. And I'd like George to comment further.
George E. Kilguss: No, I think that's right, Jim. With all our cash, as Jim mentioned, we really look to protect, grow and manage. First off, we absolutely want to maintain [ph] enough liquidity to protect the business, the very dynamic business that we're in. There's always a cyber threat that we're thinking ahead of, and we make sure that we invest enough in the business and in the future architecture of the business to protect the business. We then look at opportunities where we can invest the business and try to achieve positive returns for investors. And once we come to that conclusion, if there's excess capital that, as Jim said, could potentially be an accretive acquisition, we may look at that. But otherwise, we historically have returned excess capital to shareholders.
D. James Bidzos: And just to add one more comment to that, I think it's often overlooked in our business, and I'll just remind everyone again that our primary strength is the reliability and stability of our global network and our platform. 16 years of uninterrupted reliability for .com has been the foundation on which the hundreds of billions of e-commerce in the U.S. alone have been built on. I think that reliability is absolutely a critical component that helped e-commerce to flourish. So that is job 1 for us. We have a contract, we have obligations to deliver under that contract. First and foremost, the first consideration for our use of cash is making sure that we maintain a secure and stable network. That's the protect part of the business and protect is first for a reason. So we do look at that. And opportunities from there, of course, we consider. But that's first and foremost. And as George mentioned, cyber attacks are becoming more frequent. More challenging, more difficult, cybersecurity is a growing area, of course. And we are a large consumer of our own cybersecurity technology, that's what's kept us delivering and performing for so long.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Absolutely. That's very helpful. And also I just wanted to kind of ask again on the domain name growth side. .net has been lagging the .com growth for a while, and it looks like that decelerated as well in the recent months. Is there any reason for that? And is there anything that you can do from a marketing perspective to help that growth?
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. I'll just make a brief comment, and I'll invite Pat to comment on that. In past quarters, you may have heard us talk about our efforts to do more targeted marketing. I think we've had some success with that, especially in some offshore markets. And that has, I think, helped some of that growth. But if your question is specifically about the relative comparative growth between .com and .net, I'll invite Pat to comment on that.
Patrick S. Kane: So all I can think of is .com has outdone .net from the other direction. But we are taking a look at .net and continue to market that as one of our lead properties. We think it's got a lot of value that can still be gained out of it, but it will continue to grow.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, .net is over 15 million registrations, so it is rather sizable. .co, which I talked about, which I think, again, is an indication of what a successful gTLD launch is. Basically between July of 2010, when they launched, and the end of 2013, December 31, that 1.5 million names is not an easy thing to do. But .net is still roughly 10x that size.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Perfect. And finally, I just wanted to ask on G&A. I know that the second half of last year was elevated because of the liquidation of data [indiscernible]. How do we think about G&A cost going forward when we model out for 2014?
George E. Kilguss: Sure. So, I mean, if you took our guidance that we provided to you and you use the revenue range that we gave of $1 billion to $1.20 billion and the 58% to 60% non-GAAP operating margin, that would box you into a $400 million to $428 million non-GAAP operating expense range for the full year. As it relates to the fourth quarter, we did have some expenses in the fourth quarter related to our worthless stock deduction that should not be recurring going forward. But for the full year range, I think if you just do the math on our guidance, you'll come to about a $400 million to a $428 million non-GAAP operating expense range.
Operator: And our next question will come from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen and Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: George, just wanted to ask, do the tax benefits from the worthless stock deduction completely offset the taxable income from the expected repatriation?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, we should be able to do that in a very tax efficient -- it will offset domestic taxes. We will still pay some international taxes when we do the repatriation, but as far as domestic taxes, we believe we'll able to shield about $167 million of taxes associated with that repatriation to the United States.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So just to confirm, does that mean then, I guess, that the full $700 million to $800 million can be repatriated without any offsetting cash tax liability for the company?
George E. Kilguss: Domestic cash, yes. We'll still pay some international tax, and we talked about that number. But we should be able to use that deduction to offset domestic taxes associated with repatriation.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And in Q4, did you spend the full amount of accelerated sales and marketing investments that you had initially planned? And is that something you expect will continue in the first half of this year as well?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, I would say pretty much. I mean, you saw -- if you look at the numbers, you saw that sales and marketing was up about $2 million quarter-over-quarter. We talked about that $2 million, $2.5 million as the amount that we were moving to the back half of the year, so that was pretty much in line with our expectations. I can say that we absolutely plan to continue to invest in marketing, sales and marketing activities. I mean, if you looked at sales and marketing going back a couple of years, we've been as high, for example, in 2012, as $26 million to $24 million the first 2 quarters of 2012. In this particular quarter, we were about $23 million. Again, this is on a non-GAAP basis, which just basically excludes stock-based compensation. And so we continue to look for opportunities to invest in marketing, but we are absolutely monitoring those and making sure that those uses of investments are generating positive returns.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last one. I have a question on the -- I guess for Jim or for George, on the 2014 unit growth guidance of 2% to 4% for .com and .net. In order to reach the low end of that range, just doing the math, it looks like we would have to see net adds in 2014 fall by more than 50% from 2013 levels. And given your comments that net adds should return to similar levels in Q3 and Q4 as what we've seen in previous years, it just seems very difficult to see how we would actually arrive or how you would get to the 2%. Is this just -- is that conservatism or is there something else there that I'm missing?
George E. Kilguss: Well, again, I would say we have one month of data, right? If you looked at our January results and you went to the website, you would see that for the month of January, we added about 355 million names. So January was -- I'm sorry, 355,000 names. And so it was down substantially. So we've put those actuals into our models, we've run them out, and we do think that the first half of the year will be below the first half of actual results for last year. When we look at those models today, when we run them, they indicate that those levels should return back close or near to what we did in previous quarters in the second half of the year. So closer to our 3Q and closer to 4Q of last year. Those models are dynamic. They will continue to change, but that's what we're looking at. The 2% to 4% is our view based on what we're seeing coming out of January and in our models, for the rest of the year. Obviously, as you know, you'll be able to monitor our progress from the post on our website that we update daily. And in our next quarter, we'll give you some more update based on more actual information that comes in as these different factors play out. But the 2% to 4% is our expectation for the year as we sit here today.
D. James Bidzos: I don't think you should read anything more into that other than it's simply based on the limited visibility based on the amount of time into the year that we are. We have a month's worth of data.
Operator: And our next question will come from Walter Pritchard of Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wondering if you could talk a bit about on the delta [ph] marketing expenses. It does feel like with unit growth coming down and with obviously the benefit of the price increase that you had before, that you've had on the margin side to not spend as much to get margin expansion up. I'm just wondering if that's had any -- with reduced sales and marketing spend still sort of flattish, if that's had any impact on your ability to grow the top line?
George E. Kilguss: Walter, if you look at total sales and marketing expense for the fiscal year, our spend was down a little bit year-over-year. You're correct there. Now part of that came because we're trying to revamp programs to make them more efficient. And we are investing, I think, more this year, at least in more international markets and more focus over there. And markets have cycles they go through. We had -- I think we had some good progress in some international and emerging markets. Right now there's a little bit of an economic headwind in the short term, but we still think that there's good growth opportunities in those markets. As one would expect, the marketing techniques we need to invest in, in those markets differ a little bit than in the U.S. But we'll continue to experiment in those opportunities in those markets. We find out what works and what doesn't work. But we firmly believe that marketing is impactful and can be impactful for increasing domain names. And we're working with the registrar community to help improve the programs that we're offering and getting feedback all the time. So I do think you'll see us continuing to invest in sales and marketing, and looking for more innovative ways to do that to drive new domain names.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. And Walter, this is Jim. I will just -- just as a reminder, I'm sure you're all aware of this, but for everybody who may not be, we, of course, exclusively sell through registrars. We don't sell directly. So for these opportunities that we speak, particularly outside the United States where .com is viewed as sort of a well-established global brand, we need to make some investments to prepare and educate the registrars there. And that's a slightly different challenge, of course, than working with English-speaking registrars here. There's just a bit of a slightly more complicated effort. They're farther away, they have their cultural and language differences, and so there is an investment required to get everybody up to speed so that the registrars are prepared to meet the demand that's there and to pursue the opportunities that are there. So we do need to do that marketing, it's important.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then, George, just a follow-up on the tax side, [indiscernible] a good portion of it for the offsetting that we did reach [ph]. Can you talk about how you're able to use the other roughly $200 million worthless stock tax credit there? Is it that the reduction is still tax-free [ph] or is there a reduction in cash tax, or over what timeframe?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure. So of the roughly $375 million net benefit, as you allude to, we expect to use about $167 million for the repatriation. That will leave us about $208 million. Approximately, half of that $208 million will be used to defer or offset 2013 taxable income. It'll be able to shield that net income. The balance, about $100 million, we expect to use in a normal course in 2014. So we clearly will have U.S. income next year, but we expect to be able to use about $100 million of that benefit in 2014. And we should be through that benefit at the end of next year.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then the rest just sort of stays on as the deferred tax asset [indiscernible]?
George E. Kilguss: So that should use up most of the usable benefit. We do have some capital losses, but we don't really see any need for them or use for them in the immediate future. So we have valuation reserved against the capital losses. But the losses that we think we can use, we absolutely have put [ph] and that's been part of the game that we're working [ph].
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Craig Nankervis at First Analyst.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: I don't recall if you spoke to your IP strategy in your prepared remarks, and I wondered if you did not -- I didn't think I heard it, but if you did not, if there has been any sort of update. Maybe we'll just start with that.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I'm sorry. You said IP?
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Yes.
D. James Bidzos: I couldn't hear, I didn't know if you said IT or IP. Yes, if you're talking specifically about our patent program, I did allude to progress that we've made over the quarter, and we did make progress. We have an active program underway to evaluate and develop our plans for exploiting our rather substantial intellectual property portfolio. And I think all I can tell you at this point is that we've made progress in that effort. There's nothing beyond that, that we're ready to publicly disclose at this time. But that effort does continue and we have made progress.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Are you willing to say whether there is a specific strategy beyond the straightforward increase of patent applications? Is there a game plan beyond that activity?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I would say in general, a good approach to any strategy that's designed to exploit your intellectual property, first and foremost, of course, is the investment in developing the IP. And yes, we have done that, and yes, we will continue to do that. I think every program starts with a very careful assessment of what that portfolio is, what value it has, how it can best be exploited, how it can best serve your business interest, whatever those may be. So without getting into details of exactly where we are in that process, we're well along the evaluation process. One needs to understand what one has, match it up to their business strategy and then develop a plan to exploit it. So that's our strategy, and we're progressing down that path. So without giving any details about where we are, we're pleased with the progress we're making and moving down that strategic path. And along the way, we absolutely do continue to innovate, and the patent filings are a byproduct of that innovation where we continue to do that. We take a lot of pride in that.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Am I pushing it a little much by asking, is there any likelihood that something actually happens on this front this year? Or are you not willing to speak to much of a timetable?
D. James Bidzos: I think it's just early to say anything at this point. We'll certainly keep you up-to-date, but this quarter's update is that we're active and we're making progress.
Operator: And our next question will come from Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just want to get some color on just sort of the process in interacting with ICANN on these refilled [ph], entering into contract talks. And sort of what is being sort of negotiated here or what could be negotiated back and forth? And then as far as those that have -- and several has been sort of asked through your interim talks. And what percentage of those are you potentially serving as the -- or are you serving as -- going to be serving at the back-end infrastructure [ph] and -- or you already have some sort of contract in place?
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat, and I'll talk to the contracting process. And so there's a base contract that was part of the application guide that ICANN put together that everybody starts from. And there were -- some gTLD applicants were invited to contract even though there were still some issues around the name collisions and how they were going to be handled. And basically we've been waiting to see kind of what that name collision process ends up looking like before we go down a road to where we don't really know what the process is to handle them or basically work within the ICANN framework. So we've been -- so we have 9 months -- there's a 9-month process to go through the contracting process and we've been invited to do that. At the end of that 9 months, there's an opportunity to extend that negotiating contract, an additional 9 months, for a total of 18-month window to negotiate. So there's still some things that we will go to the table and ask for within those contracts. And so it could take some time. And the IDNs that we have, because of the proposed process that we put in place, it could take a bit longer because for -- since sort of we are focusing on helping IP and trademarking intellectual property, protect the brands within those IDNs, which are transliterations of .com and .net. It may take a little bit of extra time for us to do -- to get through that.
Operator: I'm showing [indiscernible].
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just as far as the others that have been invited, outside of the ones that you can directly ask to talk to, how many have you already sort of established the contracts where they've been [indiscernible] to service the back-end?
Patrick S. Kane: As far as our back-end services, I don't think that it's really in our place right now to talk about exactly where they are in the contracting process because it is their contracting process. But as Jim said earlier, we will have some that will go live in the spring, but some will take longer.
D. James Bidzos: But just to avoid any confusion, the contract between those applicants and VeriSign, those contracts have been completed and been in place for quite some time.
Patrick S. Kane: Almost 2 years.
D. James Bidzos: Almost 2 years, and that's roughly 200 back-end registry services customers that are applicants. So they have to get through ICANN's process. They have signed up with us, which is the way that they met the requirements under the ICANN process to have established a registry capability by specifying VeriSign as their back-end service provider. But their contracting process or their string itself is between them and ICANN. And that will be what it is between those 2 parties.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Sterling Auty, JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on that line of conversation. Pat, you mentioned, to protect trademarks and the IDNs, that may take longer. I guess it was our understanding that there was that period of time that the trademark clearinghouse was supposed to do that. Are you saying that you're doing something above and beyond what the trademark clearinghouse is doing?
Patrick S. Kane: Yes. Essentially I haven't said that we're doing something different, and because what we're doing -- we may have talked about this in previous calls, but the idea of applying for the transliterations of .com and .net, one of the benefits of that was to protect the applicant -- or protect the registrant that has invested in .com today. So if there's a transliteration of .com in Chinese, what we have proposed to do is to make certain that only the registrant that is -- or if the registrant has already registered in .com, that they're the only one that has the opportunity to register that domain name in the transliterated version for Chinese or for Hangul or for whatever TLD that we've operated. So that's something that's unique to what we're doing within our applications. And so that's an additional protection for intellectual property and trademarks.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on a different topic, Jim, the proposed guidance has one of the smaller margin expansions that we've seen in the last couple of years, but you're not including potential revenue from the 3 sources that we've discussed. If you were to get revenue from gTLDs or IP, should we think that those would come in and potentially drive incremental margin expansion above the guidance level? Or would there be expenses associated with it, so that's still a good range to think about even if there was a higher revenue add from those sources?
D. James Bidzos: Sterling, I love your question. I think I can answer this one, even though it started with if. So I have consistently said over the quarters that I've been speaking with our investors that the growth areas that we're looking at, they're complex, as Pat pointed out, with respect to IDNs. They are sort of specialized in the sense that we're looking for business opportunities that leverage the investment we've made in this network. And so that, therefore, they should yield margins that are comparable to the existing business. And that's why it's taking maybe a little bit longer. We don't do quarterly press releases about new features or products. We're looking for opportunities that play on our strength, that leverage the investment we've made in a powerful global infrastructure that's reliable and high-volume transactions, high-volume registrations and ultra high-volume resolutions in the many, many tens of billions or in excess of 100 billion per day. And so in looking for those applications, by definition, they would yield margins that are, I guess, in the end, are targeted to be accretive to the margins in our business. So I think we certainly aspire to deliver those services in such a way that if there were going to be revenue, that I -- our goal is to have it not adversely impact our margins.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And last question would be, last earnings call, you talked about going into -- I don't think you wanted to call it a beta, but attach with a potential customer on a new product or service during the fourth quarter. Any update to that? Any update to when you might actually release whatever it is commercially?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I've not been quite as timely with that goal as I've sort of hinted in past quarters. And so I wish I had a little bit more I can tell you, but all I can say at this point is that we have made progress. It's an active effort, and we have made progress, and when we can share something with you, we absolutely will. So I apologize, I can't say more than that right now.
Operator: And at this time, I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Atchley for any additional or closing comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President of Naming and Directory Services
Analysts: Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Harris Heyer Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the VeriSign Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Atchley, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Director. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, Catherine, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. I'm David Atchley, and here with me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, www.verisigninc.com. There, you will also find our third quarter 2013 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site, and within a few hours, the replay of the call will be posted. Financial results in our press release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent form -- report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.  VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter results demonstrate that we're on track with our full year 2013 plans. We reported revenue of $244 million, which was 9% higher year-over-year and delivered strong financial performance, including $134 million in free cash flow. We processed 8.3 million new registrations during the third quarter and added 1.55 million net new names, bringing our name base to a total of $125.9 million active .com and .net domain names. Our balance sheet remains strong, with $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continue to see benefits from our focus and discipline in the execution of our strategic framework to protect, grow and manage the business. As part of managing our business, during the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 6.8 million shares for $331 million. At the end of third quarter, $697 million remained available and authorized under the current share repurchase program. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. In today's press release, we announced an update related to our work in reviewing our current tax structure. As you'll note from the press release, we expect to file for a worthless stock deduction, that if claimed, we estimate will yield an income tax benefit of approximately $300 million to $400 million, which will be recognized in the fourth quarter. Our tax work remains ongoing, and we expect to provide further updates during our fourth quarter earnings call. George will discuss this update in more details in a few moments. For the last few quarters, I discussed our continuing focus on innovation and intellectual property. Our R&D team continues to actively research and develop new concepts and to evaluate new ideas to improve our current technologies and services and to invent new ones. These efforts support our strategic framework and enhance our ability to create innovative technologies and services. As part of our IP strategy we have made, and continue to make, substantial investments in IP. Over the last several years, these investments have included a significant increase in the number of patent applications filed by VeriSign in the United States and Europe. This increase in patent applications supports our strategy to continuously serve our customers and partners in innovative ways through our products and services and to make sure that others only use our IP under appropriate licenses from VeriSign. Over the years, VeriSign's commitment to performance and reliability in our registry operations have led us to innovate energetically and to develop capabilities that are not available from off-the-shelf products. As of the end of the third quarter, VeriSign has a patent portfolio with a combined total of 231 patents and patent applications in the U.S., plus 304 granted and pending patent applications in other countries. Our patent portfolio includes 127 granted or pending applications in the U.S. that we believe protect inventions that enable our core registry operations. While we've not decided the best ways to fully utilize our IP assets, and it's too early to provide any guidance on how we can use them in the future, supporting our business goals and strategic framework will always drive those decisions. More information about VeriSign's leadership through innovation is available in our new white paper titled VeriSign Innovation, Exceeding the Standard for Registry Operations, located at verisigninc.com/innovation. An additional resource to better understand how our U.S. patents pertain to VeriSign's product and service offerings is available at verisignpatents.com. We also have the goal, through our innovation efforts, to offer additional product and services. This work is ongoing, and we're pleased with the progress. This summer, the company hired a Senior Product Executive to lead the development of these new products and services. We had hoped to announce a new product before the end of the year, but this is taking a little longer. However, I am pleased to say that we're in the process of contracting with a customer to pilot this product. Currently, we don't have more to say about this pilot program we're offering, but we will keep you updated when appropriate on our efforts. ICANN continues to make progress on its new gTLD program. This week, the first 4 IDNs, or Internationalized Domain Names, as part of this program, were delegated into the root zone. At this point, we're not sure of the timing for our own new gTLD applications or for the back-end Registry Services that we'll be providing, but we will provide updates as appropriate regarding the status of our applications. I'll comment now on third quarter operating highlights. At the end of September, the total base of active registered domain names in .com and .net was 125.9 million, consisting of 110.7 million for .com and 15.2 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 5% year-over-year. In the third quarter, we added 1.55 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.3 million new gross registrations. In the second quarter of 2013, the renewal rate was 72.7% compared with 72.9% for the second quarter of 2012. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2013 will be approximately 72.5%, or flat as compared to the third quarter of 2012. As we have discussed over the last few quarters, the overall renewal rates softened primarily due to the lower renewal rates for first time renewing names. Given our forecast for zone growth, including the factors affecting first time renewal rates and seasonal trends, we expect .com and .net names added to the zone in the fourth quarter to be between 1.1 million and 1.5 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarters. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. As we've stated on prior calls, we have been examining our tax structure. Today, I would like to discuss the results of our tax work to date. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect to liquidate, for tax purposes, one of our domestic subsidiaries, which we expect will allow us to claim a worthless stock deduction on our 2013 federal income tax return. If claimed, based on our preliminary estimates, we expect to record an income tax benefit during the fourth quarter of 2013 ranging from approximately $300 million to $400 million related to the worthless stock deduction, net of valuation allowances and uncertain tax positions recorded as required under U.S. GAAP. The worthless stock deduction may be subject to audit and adjustment by the IRS, which could result in reversal of all, part or none of the income tax benefit, or could result in a benefit higher than the net amount we initially record. We cannot guarantee the liquidation of this subsidiary will occur as described, or at all, or what the ultimate outcome, use or amount of the benefit we receive will be, if any. The financial statement carrying value of this subsidiary is not material. While we expect our domestic operations to generate sufficient taxable income to fully use the expected tax benefits of the ordinary loss on the worthless stock deduction, we are analyzing and evaluating various scenarios for realizing the benefit. Although our current intent remains to indefinitely reinvest outside of the U.S. those funds held by foreign subsidiaries that have not been previously taxed in the U.S., and accordingly, we have not provided deferred U.S. taxes for such funds, we anticipate reevaluating our overall business structure and financing of foreign operations as part of this analysis. If the conclusion of this analysis results in a change to our current strategy related to foreign operations, we may be required to accrue an additional U.S. tax obligation, although we cannot predict what such amount, if any, may be. Based upon the audited statutory financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2012, on a combined basis, our foreign subsidiaries have up to approximately $600 million of distributable capital under applicable foreign statutes. We do not know what the ultimate outcome, if any, will be resulting from this analysis and evaluation. I would now like to discuss our third quarter financial results. During the quarter, we generated revenue of $244 million, up 9% year-over-year and delivered GAAP operating income of $133 million, up 14.3% from $116 million in the third quarter of 2012. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 54.5% compared to 51.9% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $81 million compared to $78 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.53 in the third quarter of this year compared to $0.47 for the third quarter last year. As of September 30, 2013, the company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion. Liabilities totaled $2.8 billion at the quarter and. I'll now review some of our key third quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2013 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $244 million for the third quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S., and 39% was from foreign customers. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $858 million, a $45 million increase from year-end 2012. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $10.6 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $100 million compared with $98 million in the second quarter of 2013 and $98 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter expanded to 58.8% compared to 56.4% in the same quarter of 2012. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $90 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.59 compared to $0.50 in the third quarter of 2012 and $0.58 last quarter. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS calculations. In 2013, we now expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $25 million to $30 million, assuming we claim the benefit of the worthless stock deduction in 2013. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 153 million shares in the third quarter compared to 159 million shares in the second quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 10.5 million shares based on the average share pricing during the third quarter compared with 9.2 million for the same quarter in 2012. The share count was reduced by the full effect of second quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 6.8 million shares repurchased during the third quarter. Operating cash flow was $134 million for the third quarter compared to $147 million in the second quarter of 2013 and $122 million for the third quarter last year. Third quarter free cash flow was $134 million. Of the $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter, $389 million was domestic, with the remainder held internationally. With respect to 2013, our full year guidance includes updates to our revenue and capital expenditure projections as follows. Revenue for 2013 is now expected to be in the range of $960 million to $965 million, representing an annual growth rate of 10%. This is an increase from the $952 million to $962 million, or a growth rate of 9% to 10% given on our last earnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2013 non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 58% and 59%, as we expect an acceleration of sales and marketing spend during the fourth quarter. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $60 million and $62 million for 2013. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $65 million and $75 million, changed from the $60 million to $80 million range given on our last call. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook for our business, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company continues to demonstrate sound performance in the third quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with Q3 2012. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Finally, I wanted to note to you an update in our reporting schedule going forward. After reviewing the reporting schedule of our peer group, and with the desire to decrease the time between our fourth quarter earnings release and the issuance of our 10-K, we expect our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings release and earnings call to be held 2 weeks later than in the past. This change affects only our fourth quarter and full year earnings release. Other quarterly dates would remain similar to prior practice. We expect to hold our fourth quarter 2013 and full year 2013 earnings release and earnings call during the first week of February 2014. Now, I will return the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the third quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while delivering value. We have protected our business by providing over 15 years of 100% availability of the .com and .net registries. This track record is due to the strength and experience of our people, our commitment to excellence, our specialized and purpose-built network, and the extensive redundancy built into our infrastructure. Our focus on innovation supports our business growth initiatives as we continuously work to develop new products and services. Finally, we've been managing the business effectively through expansion of our operating margins and delivering value to shareholders. In addition to the $300 million to $400 million expected income tax benefit, we announced today, through the third quarter of this year, we have repurchased 16.9 million shares for $797 million, representing 11% of the 153.4 million shares that were outstanding at the end of 2012. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and provide value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I did want to ask, just given the strength that we saw in net adds this quarter, I was a bit surprised to see deferred revenue be essentially flat on a sequential basis. Just wondering if there were any onetime items or adjustments that might have gone into deferred?
George E. Kilguss: Nothing material, Gregg. This is George Kilguss. We had a minor true up in the quarter, but it wasn't material related to our .jobs operation. But no, we had a good quarter with regard to gross additions. They came in a little stronger than we expected, but we were pleased with those results.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And George, you mentioned that you do expect to accelerate your sales and marketing spend in Q4. Can you put a finer point on the nature and amount of the increased investment there?
George E. Kilguss: Well, Gregg, we don't guide to fourth quarter sales and marketing. But if you recall, back on our comments in -- earlier in the year, we did have an amount of roughly about $5 million that we had delayed into later parts of the year. We have a number of marketing activities that are going on right now, and we have registrars subscribing up for some of those programs, so we absolutely are expecting that spend to increase. But some of those -- that spend is dependent on registrars and other folks subscribing up to programs. But we absolutely have a significant amount of marketing going on in the fourth quarter.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And George, is any of that in relation to the new gTLDs or just completely independent from that?
George E. Kilguss: I would say most of the programs that are running today are on, primarily .com and .net activities.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right, okay. And then just one last one for me, as a clarification regarding the worthless stock. With the income tax benefit, if it does arise in Q4, would that be treated as GAAP only? Or do you envision treating that in a non-GAAP format as well?
George E. Kilguss: No, it would just be from a GAAP perspective.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And Sterling Auty with JPMorgan has our next question.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The $600 million in capital available to be distributed internationally is a far cry from the actual international cash balance that's offshore. Can you talk to us about what causes the limitation? What you might be able to do with the other international cash beyond just this program?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. So let me first say that as it relates to the $600 million discussed in our prepared remarks, this was the combined amount of distributable reserves in our foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012, which is the last statutory audits that we've had filed. My intent in the disclosure was to simply provide the shareholders some more insight into our foreign capital structure, as they have had questions around this area in the past. As you know, we get questions around foreign cash balances all the time. And I was just letting folks know that we are bound by certain foreign statutes. The distributor reserves, just for clarification, are the amount of funds as of 12/31, 2012, that the foreign entities could have distributed through dividends to the U.S. patent at that time. Again, while we've not changed from our current position of these funds being indefinitely reinvested overseas, we are conducting additional reviews in the area, and we'll go through an evaluation process on that. We'll provide you an update, and that now still is ongoing in the fourth quarter. To be a little more specific, the amounts over the distributable reserves overseas, I think we've mentioned this before, some of our cash overseas came from divestitures. And that is where the balance of those distributables -- those amounts that cash over has come from, from the divestitures, other than from a generating income over there. And we're looking at that, and I'll have more to hopefully say to you on our fourth quarter call.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the last part that you just said, there's the chance or there -- you're looking into ways that perhaps the amounts above the $600 million could also be utilized beyond just internationally?
George E. Kilguss: Again, we're looking at evaluating and reevaluating our international cash. We're looking at that. That work is ongoing. I don't have any determinations here today to talk about -- but we're clearly looking at that.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then Jim, I wanted to talk a little bit about the new products. It's been some time. You mentioned that you're hopeful to get a product out. It doesn't look like it's going to come this year, but you had a new head put in place in terms of heading new products in. What I'm curious about is how you're doing the business planning around the new solution that you're possibly taking to pilot in terms of the types of returns that you're expecting to get out of the investment, or how much investment you're going to put around it? So what's the strategy in terms of how you're thinking about putting new products into the marketplace and how much investment will go to support it?
D. James Bidzos: Well we don't -- we obviously can't guide to the expenses directly attributable to any new product or anything specific about the product's expenses. But going back to what we set out as goals for some of the innovation that we funded, going back over a year ago, we look for products and that would leverage the existing network that could be covered by intellectual property for us and that yielded margins similar to the core business. So those are the goals for the new products. And when we say that we're pleased with the progress that we're making with some of the new products coming out of what we call the hive, our innovation facility here, they're meeting those requirements. So we also mentioned back when we talked about innovation, that what we're doing is exploiting intellectual capital that the company had, that we have a lot of good ideas on how to utilize our network in more efficient ways to offer new products and services, things that would leverage the investment that we've already made in this high-availability, high-performance, purpose-built network. So I can tell you that it meets all of those requirements. I think it's early to say more than that, but -- and you're right, we're now engaged in contracting for a pilot for this project. So we are making progress, but I think beyond that, it's too early to say more.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Last question, if I may. The changes to the algorithms and search engines, there had been some talk that maybe there are some additional ones that occurred over the last month or so. Is that the case? And it seemed like the name additions were still pretty good. Are we getting to the point of diminishing returns where maybe some of those changes are having less and less impact on the actual growth in the zone?
George E. Kilguss: Go ahead, Pat. Why don't you...
Patrick S. Kane: So this is Pat. So I think what you're referring to is the Hummingbird release at Google. And, basically, they pushed that out on October 3. And the foundation for this release appears to be more about natural conversations. So they're really looking at the mobile space right now with that, and we've not seen a lot of impact on the domain names because of that. But it's a change, and things I've read about -- that is from Google. This is just the first major really restructuring change since 2001 on the algorithm. So they're going to keep tweaking on it. It's really one of these things that's geared towards mobility, I believe.
Operator: And we'll go on to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: George, I was just going back into the tax planning and the worthless stock, involved in it is a subsidiary. I'm just wondering if there was any color you could give us around this subsidiary, and where the value of this asset had been or where it's coming from?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure. I mean, all I can really tell you is that it's a subsidiary that has a large tax basis, and that was prior -- it was part of a prior acquisition. But the worthless stock deduction, really is a situation where we have a situation where a stock can become worthless, and you take a claim for that. And so, that happens on the occurrence of certain events, and the event that we're talking about is the expectation of liquidating the subsidiary.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then if I could just maybe turn to the new gTLDs. You mentioned that 4 have gone all the way through the funnel and have been delegated to the root and those were 4 IDNs, and it didn't sound like those were any of the ones that you currently own. But as we just look, going forward, I'm just wondering if you have any comments about what the general timing of icon, moving names through the process in getting the 220 potential customers you have through that process and maybe the other TLDs that you own directly, as we look into next year, if you have any expectation or color you can provide us around that.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I think it's early for us to predict what's going to happen to our own applications or the applications of our other customers. There are -- the 4 IDMs that were delegated this week, the first of those was actually contracted back in the ICANN meeting in Durban, which was in mid-July. So they're very early. I'm not sure exactly what the contracting status of all of the applications are, but I believe it's around or less than 100 that are in contracting. So we have less than 10% that have reached the contracting phase. And until that's done, they can't get onto the delegation phase. And there's still some work in the -- they're pursuing something called the alternate path to delegation that ICANN provided just very, very recently. And they have to do some blocking in second level domains. The non-alternate path is a more comprehensive, security and stability planning qualitative analysis, so there's -- and sorry, ICANN is still actually developing that process. They're conducting more study to provide more data to inform that process. So I think it's early at this point to speculate exactly what the pace and timing for these other ones will be. Pat, do you want to add anything to that?
Patrick S. Kane: No, I think it's exactly right. Just it's, basically, if you move forward on either path, there's a process you can accept the standard agreement if you negotiate and you want other terms inside that agreement, that'll certainly take longer. And that's going to be up to the individual applicant at that point in time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now go to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Harris Heyer: This is Harry Heyer for Phil. I know you talked a little bit about building out your IP portfolio. And I was wondering if you might be able to give a little bit of detail on your IP monetization strategy?
D. James Bidzos: We have not yet finalized that strategy, as I mentioned, it's early for us to detail that. I think what we announced today is the availability of 2 resources on our website. The first one is the white paper, and I would encourage you to read it. It's easier to read than it is for me to describe. It's essentially -- I'll try though, anyway. It's a survey of the innovation that we've done that we've brought to our infrastructure that we think will benefit our customers. Whether it's all of the global Internet users, who benefit from our resolution services or from our back-end registry services customer. So again, the white paper is available at www.verisign.com/innovation. And so that gives you a lot of context in terms of how the patents are grouped and what particular areas you'll find that we described our innovation efforts and then some of the IP that those efforts have yielded by category. So I think you'll be able to get a broad idea, a big picture idea of where we've been innovating and some rough idea of the categories and number of patents that we have in that area. And I also mention that we do have another resource, verisignpatents.com. And there, what you'll find is a specific list of patents and how they apply to the various products and services that we offer. So if you're interested in just absolute numbers of patents that apply to various services offered by VeriSign, you'll find what's essentially sort of a patent marking website there. So beyond that, we've not gone into any detail on how this portfolio of intellectual property will be used, other than to say we will certainly explore ways to further our business interests with it.
Operator: And our final question will come from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just kind of tagging on that IP question there. Sorry, this is Ken Wong for Walter. So tagging on that IP question, I mean is it -- mean, it seems like it's somewhat -- at this stage, it might be somewhat limited to potentially pursuing licensing from other registries, which makes sense with a bunch of gTLDs coming along. I mean, is it more than that? Should we be looking at you guys potentially being able to license this to other Internet service providers? Or is it more limited to just registry/registrar type functionality?
D. James Bidzos: It's more than that. I mean, we operate a high-reliability infrastructure that involves high-performance and redundancy. And so these patents cover the entire broad swath of the technology category that applies to everything we do, which is certainly at its core, registry operation. Some of these functions interact with registrar functions and intersect with them. But again, I'd encourage you -- I think you'll find the White Paper very informative in this regard.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got you. Yes, will definitely check it out. As then second, I guess we haven't heard you guys talk much about the NIA business recently. Any color on how that business is growing? And should we still kind of view that as an area of kind of serious investment from you guys?
D. James Bidzos: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the very last part.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess, should we -- just, I mean, should we still view that as an area, where you guys are putting good resources behind in terms of investing in that particular business?
D. James Bidzos: We have made substantial investments over the years in NIA. And I mentioned in recent calls, 3 quarters ago -- 2 quarters ago, that what we're doing was streamlining NIA and structuring it better to scale going forward, that we were aligning expenses with revenue in the business. And we're making progress in all of those areas. It's still at a point where we're not calling it out separately or talking about it separately, but in the 3 categories, iDefense, which is threat intelligence, Managed DNS and also DDoS, we do see opportunities in all those areas, and we continue to actively grow that business. I think, at some point, we'll get to a point where we'll talk about separately, but we're not there now.
Operator: And we have no additional questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Atchley for your final or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, Catherine. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: Thank you. Again ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you, again, for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President of Naming and Directory Services
Analysts: Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Harris Heyer Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. I'm David Atchley, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. With me are Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. This call and our presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website, www.verisigninc.com. There you will also find our second quarter 2013 earnings release. At the end of this call, the presentation will be available on that site and within a few hours, the replay of this call will be posted. Financial results in our press release are unaudited, and our remarks include forward-looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's call and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The second quarter demonstrates that we're on track with our plans for 2013. We reported revenue of $239 million, which was 12% higher year-over-year and delivered strong financial performance, including $132 million in free cash flow. We processed 8.7 million new gross registrations during the second quarter and added 1.22 million net new names, bringing our name base to a total of 124.3 million .com and .net domain names. Our balance sheet remains strong, with approximately $2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continue to see benefits from our focus and discipline in the execution of our strategic framework. During the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 7.1 million shares for $334 million. On July 24, 2013, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for repurchase by approximately $519 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and remaining with no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Also today, we announced an increase in registry domain name fees for .net, per our agreement with ICANN. As of February 1, 2014, the registry fee for .net domain names will increase from $5.62 to $6.18. I'll comment now on second quarter operating highlights. At the end of June, the total base of registered domain names and common net was 124.3 million, consisting of 109.2 million for .com and 15.1 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 4.9% year-over-year. In the second quarter, we added 1.22 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.7 million new gross registrations. In the first quarter of 2013, the renewal rate was 73.2% compared with 73.9% for the first quarter of 2012. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2013 will be approximately 72.4%. This rate compares to 72.9% for the second quarter of 2012. In the last year, we've noted the ongoing effects of changes in search algorithms and macroeconomic headwinds on our renewal rates. These factors continue to have a more pronounced effect on first-time renewing rates. Our base has been maturing, and the renewal rate for previously renewed names has stayed relatively consistent, which are positive trends for the overall renewal rate. However, the softer first-time renewal rate is an offsetting factor. We cannot be certain of how long the renewal rate will be impacted by these factors. In light of these factors, we expect the third quarter net names for .com and .net added to the base will be between 1 million and 1.4 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to begin with a discussion of our second quarter financial results. During the quarter, we generated $239 million, up 12% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of $132 million, up 23% from $107 million in the second quarter of 2012. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 55.2% compared to 50% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $87 million compared to $68 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.55 in the second quarter this year compared to $0.42 for the second quarter last year. As of June 30, 2013, the company maintained total assets of approximately $2.5 billion. Liabilities totaled approximately $2.8 billion at the quarter end. The second quarter balance sheet reflects the April 2013 issuance of $715 million in senior secured notes due 2023 and the repayment of $100 million in borrowings under our credit facility. During the second quarter, our stock price continued to exceed the subordinated convertible debenture conversion trigger of $44.68, which means the holder of the convertible debentures will continue to have the option of converting the debentures into common stock during the third quarter. Thus the balance sheet classification as current liabilities of these debentures remains the same, as recorded at the end of the first quarter. We will provide updates if the balance sheet classification or the availability of the holder's option to convert the debentures change in the future, should the stock price trigger not be reached. I'll now review some of our key second quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2013 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $213 million for the second quarter. Approximately 60% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S., and 40% was from foreign customers. Revenue from both international and domestic sources in the second quarter grew approximately 12% year-over-year. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $856 million, a $44 million increase from the year-end 2012. Second quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $9 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $98 million compared with $96 million in the first quarter of 2013 and $99 million in the same quarter a year ago. The quarter-over-quarter increase was primarily attributable to increased marketing expenses in the second quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter expanded to 58.9% compared to 54% in the same quarter of 2012. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $92 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.58 compared to $0.45 in the second quarter of 2012 and $0.58 last quarter. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS calculations. In 2013, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 159 million shares in the second quarter compared to 161 million shares in the first quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debenture was approximately 9.4 million shares based on the average share price during the second quarter, compared with 5.6 million for the same quarter in 2012. The share count was reduced by the full effect of first quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 7.1 million shares repurchased during the second quarter. Operating cash flow was $147 million for the second quarter compared to $151 million in the first quarter of 2013 and $135 million for the second quarter last year. Second quarter free cash flow was $132 million. Regarding our international cash balances and how they interrelate with our international tax structure, this work is progressing, but remains ongoing. We expect to compete our work before the end of the year, and we will update you when appropriate, including during our third quarter earnings call. Of the $2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter, approximately $630 million was domestic, with the remainder held internationally. The approximate $1.37 billion in international cash has not been taxed at the U.S. level, and our assertion unchanged from prior quarters, is that this balance is indefinitely reinvested offshore. With respect to 2013, our full year guidance includes updates to our revenue and operating margin projections. Revenue for 2013 is now expected to be in the range of $952 million to $962 million, representing an annual growth rate of 9% to 10%. This is an increase from the $945 million to $960 million or a growth rate of 8% to 10%, as given on our last earnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2013 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 58% and 59%. This is an increase from the guidance of at least 57%, as given on our last earnings call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $60 million and $62 million for 2013. Capital expenditures for the year are still expected to be between $60 million and $80 million. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company continues to demonstrate sound performance in the second quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with Q2 2012. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now, I will turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the second quarter, we continued our efforts to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and provide value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, I'm wondering if you could talk a bit about some of the new product areas that you're exploring. You've, in the past, talked about that and patents as potentially additional sources of revenue. And I note that looks like your revenue this quarter was a bit above what we expected, modeling it off of the demand side and I'm wondering if any of these new product areas start to contribute in the quarter?
D. James Bidzos: Okay, thanks. So in our new product area, first of all, I don't know if you're referring specifically to NIA, but we don't report that separately, but we're pleased with the growth of our NIA business. Secondly, in the area of new products that are coming out of our R&D efforts, we're very pleased with the progress that we're making there. I've committed in earlier earnings calls to target a delivery of a new product or service during calendar 2013, and we still hope to be able to do that. So as to contributions to the revenue, I think that, that was part of your question. Certainly, NIA makes contributions to part of our revenue. But as I said, we don't report that separately.
Operator: And we will now go to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Harris Heyer: This is Harris Heyer for Phil. I was hoping that you could provide us with an update on your IP strategy that you first mentioned late last year?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we mentioned last year that we would be reviewing our patent portfolio, and we continue to do that. We continue to add to our patent portfolio. We mentioned that we had over 200 patent applications and patents issued here in the U.S., that progress continues. We've added to that since the last call. We're currently in a review. We're not ready to say anything about where that review will take us, but we're conducting a review of how we can better utilize our intellectual property.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will now go to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify on the renewal rate. Was it that the renewal rate on the new customers was lower? Or was the mix or the percentage of new customers renewing in the period simply higher?
George E. Kilguss: So Steve, this is George Kilguss. Thanks for the question. So the overall renewal rate for the second quarter, which is a preliminary renewal rate, is not final until 45 days after, was 72.4%. That renewal rate, year-over-year, which I think is the best comparison to look at, is down from 72.9% to about 72.4%. So we're a little under last year's renewal rate at this time. The renewal rate, sequentially, did decline, but the sequential decline is more a function of the fact that we have a lot more names coming up for renewal in the first and second quarter. And so that's primarily the reason for the consolidated decline. We also mentioned on the call that we are seeing some softness in the first-time renewal names -- renewing names. We had talked about this in our last quarter call as well, where the previously renewed name ratio is remaining relatively constant, but we're still seeing some pressure on the first-time renewing names.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Any speculations/theory on why that might be happening?
George E. Kilguss: Well, I think it's really relates to a couple of factors. One, are primarily the factors that we've been talking about for several quarters now, which are changes in the algorithms, the search engine algorithms, as well as economic activities. We did see our international or our international renewal rate on first-time renewing rates come down a little bit more than our domestic, so there's a little more pressure overseas. But it really relates back to those macro and SEO algorithm changes.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then my next question is on the marketing spend, are you spending currently to drive the current .com business, or have you started to spend to seed for some of the new gTLDs that you'll be introducing here in the future?
D. James Bidzos: We're not -- the short and to your question is that most of the marketing efforts are the same as they have been throughout the beginning of the year, focused around .com and .net. We are preparing to roll out our IDNs that we've applied for. Nothing has been delegated yet. We hope that will happen sometime this year. There will be some, obviously, some marketing activities around those. But right now, it's mostly development activities.
Operator: And we will now go to Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, wondering if you just could talk briefly about your decision to raise .net pricing. This time around involved a smaller duration or smaller window, I should say, between price increases than I think we've ever seen before so I just wanted to get your thoughts there?
D. James Bidzos: I'm sorry, the part about the window, I didn't catch all of that.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: The window between price increases for .net, Jim?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, so basically, the contract with ICANN allows us to take an increase for .net on an annual basis with a 6-month notice period. And so under that provision of the Registry Agreement with ICANN for .net, we've taken that price increase.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and one thing I wanted to clarify on the renewal rate, and George, you had sort of talked about some that dynamic from a sequential basis, but I just wanted to make sure I understood, you were saying that the number of first-time renewals in Q2 was greater than Q1 and that's why there was a sequential change? Or was it something else?
George E. Kilguss: No, I was saying that the total number -- in Q1 and Q2, we tend to have more expiring names in the base than we do, say in Q3 and Q4. And so as you have more names expiring, the renewal rate has a tendency to dip, at least in recent periods, with the larger amount of names renewing in the quarter. But what I also said is some of the pressure is due to the first time renewing rate of first-time renewing names that is still under pressure.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And I guess, what I'm wondering, George, is if there's any dynamic that has changed between Q1 and Q2 when I was asking about sequential? And maybe a better way to ask it is, where there any meaningful search algorithm changes that were made more recently that might have had an effect on renewal rate? Or was that not the case?
George E. Kilguss: So there was one algorithm change in the quarter. So in mid to late May, Google made an algorithm change to their Penguin -- their Penguin algorithm. It affected -- I think it affected about 2.3% of queries in general. That's probably a little less than what their first one came out a year ago, which affected about 3% of queries. So there was an algo change. With that, it's difficult for us to see the direct correlation. We do know that change happened, we keep on eye on it. Did that have a direct correlation? I don't have quite that visibility of data to tell that but I do know that, that did happen in the quarter.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. Then just finally, Jim, on the new detailed e-front -- so there continues to be some back-and-forth between ICANN and constituents, but it also looks like there's been some real progress recently with the 2013 registry agreement recently signed. And I think you talked about hopefully getting lift off on the IDN before the end of the year. What additional processes or potential obstacles, I guess, are we looking at between now and then?
D. James Bidzos: Sure. ICANN just had their meeting last week in Durban, South Africa. And they did sign 4 new Registry Agreements and a new gTLD program for IDNs. And as to whether what track or timing the program is on, I think, first of all, ICANN is dealing with couple of issues. One is back in Beijing, at the prior meeting, in April, ICANN was given a communiqué from the Governmental Advisory Committee that I think had them sort of addressing a number of issues for new gTLDs. That continued in Durban, with further discussions between ICANN and its GAC, Governmental Advisory Committee, on the advice that they provided on productions around a broad category of applied 4 strings. So I think that's a factor. There are some security instability issues that are being addressed. ICANN hired a very competent, qualified contractor to do a security study that was presented in Durban, If you're interested in that, I'd point you to ICANN's website, where there's audio available of the presentation, of that report and a Q&A session that I think would help you understand that. And then -- so those things are affecting ICANN's rollout. In Durban they also said that the earliest date for the first delegation, assuming all goes well, would be early in September. So that's basically the most recent status that we have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will now got to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I wanted to start with growth decelerates in the second half as we lose some of the tailwind from the last .com price increase and I think there's a discussion that many of us are having about what is the long-term growth rate for VeriSign look like in absence of price increases on .com? So when you think about new gTLDs, you think about the adding of new products, et cetera, is there a sense that you can give us? Do you think we see reacceleration off of what the growth rate at the back half looks like? And what kind of investment will be necessary to support that? Meaning, what could we think about, just generally, would happen to margins?
D. James Bidzos: Okay, let me sort of break that up into 2 questions and I'll address part of it and maybe George can address part of it. First of all, ICANN's new gTLD program, as we've mentioned before, offers us several growth opportunities. First of all, there are the 14 applications that we've made ourselves, 12 of those are IDNs, foreign script variance for common net, so we think that's a growth opportunity for us. In addition, we have roughly 200 strings that are applied for in the new gTLD program, for which VeriSign will be the contracted back-end registry service provider, so we think that's a growth opportunity. We have been very active and working very hard in new initiatives, including some work in a new laboratory that we started last year. We're pleased with the progress we're making there. As I said, we hope to announce the first new product or service this year. And -- so that's one area, where I think we'll be able to introduce new growth. We did, of course, just today announce a price increase for .net. With that price increase, I might add, at $6.18 for a .net name, that registration is still extremely competitive compared to other gTLDs that are out there today. Even .com at $7.85 is below most of the existing or announced prices for existing gTLDs. So all of those offer us opportunities for growth. Then there's the future rate of growth in the zone, which I think was a part of your question as well and I'll invite George to comment there.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure. So, Sterling, as you're aware, we don't give guidance beyond just the current year. When earlier in the year, when we gave our initial guidance, we talked about the zone growing between 4% to 6%. We're seeing now that the zone year-to-date has been about 4.9% year-over-year growth. And so, we're looking to see the zone at least for '13 to be somewhere between 4% and 5%. That's where the zone is currently trending. You talked about profitability. As we roll out some of these new initiatives, as we've talked previously, we look for certain quality of revenues. So we're looking at business opportunities and new initiatives that have similar qualities of revenue as our existing business: stability, visibility, profitability. And so those are the characteristics we're looking for, for new investment in the business. We've talked about the new gTLD program, the brand that we're looking to represent, as well as the new IDNs. And we've been making those or have made a lot of those investments already in the business and don't expect a significant amount of cost increase in taking those new opportunities on. Now, it looks like some of those may be delayed a little bit longer than anticipated based on some of the comments coming out of ICANN, but we still look to participate in those initiatives, as well as looking at our patent portfolio and some new ideas coming out of the hive in subsequent years.
D. James Bidzos: And I'm sorry, I will just add to that as well that all of the growth opportunities that I laid out, the IDNs, the back end Registry Services, new products and services that we might introduce, essentially, the cost of developing all of these new initiatives are baked into to the current business plan and all of the guidance that we provide, if that helps.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Absolutely. You mentioned, Jim, the -- a couple of approvals of new registries for IDNs. Has anybody given any sense as to what we might expect in terms of pricing on any of the new IDNs or new gTLDs?
D. James Bidzos: I think the short answer to that is no. I would add that while ICANN did sign 4 contracts for IDNs, I believe that there are some conditions associated with those. I think if you got to the website, you'll see that there were some exhibits that the applicants signed in addition to the contracts that essentially say that governmental advisory committee advice and security and stability issues could introduce changes that will change that contract. And so, even though those contracts resigned, there were side agreements attached to them that are on ICANN's website that you can look at that point out that they're subject to changes in a very fluid situation. But I'll let Pat comment -- but I'm not aware of anybody who's announced any pricing at this point.
Patrick S. Kane: No, all the applications that were submitted has financials, which were redacted from when the applications were published, so we have no visibility into that.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and last question. Jim, you mentioned NIA. I know you don't break it out specifically, but qualitatively, can you talk about maybe which areas outperformed in the quarter?
D. James Bidzos: Go ahead, George, I'm sorry.
George E. Kilguss: I mean, Sterling, I would say it continues to meet our expectation. It's performing well year-over-year. We still see growth in all of the products that we offer for sale in that mainly DDoS, as well as MDNS and our iDefense business. We continue to see good growth of that in our business performing line with our expectations.
Operator: And we will go to our last question of Jaimin Soni with Bank of America.
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question for George, first. If I'd look at the second half of the year, George, can you just help me understand a little bit about how you expect renewal rates to trend? And when you're looking at the new domains that are coming in, can you give a rough estimation of how many are international versus U.S.?
George E. Kilguss: So on your last point, the U.S. versus international, as I mentioned in the script, about 60% of our business is domestic and about 40% is international from a revenue perspective, and that flows pretty much down to the domains, as you might imagine, from a break out perspective. So that has been relatively consistent over the past several quarters, so I don't see a significant change in that mix for the rest of this year. As far as the renewal rate trends, again, that's something we're looking at. We've given the preliminary renewal rate here to second quarter of 2013 of 72.4%, and that's something we're keeping an eye on, the renewal rates. There is a little bit of seasonality if you go back and look at the quarterly renewal rate, it does bounce around depending on the amount of names that are coming up for renewal in a particular quarter. What I can tell you is the amount of expiring names in Q3 is 24.9 million names that are expiring in the quarter and will come up for renewal.
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, okay. And one quick one for Jim. It seems like the IDN opportunity is to move to a near term of when it comes to the new domain name side of things. Is it possible to just give some parameters on how we can think about the sizing of the TAM here?
D. James Bidzos: Are you talking specifically about VeriSign's own applications for IDNs?
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
D. James Bidzos: Well we've made applications for 12 strings that are IDNs for variations of .com and .net and essentially the largest market opportunities, China, India, Japan, Korea and a handful of others. We haven't -- I think it's early for us to say until we actually start marketing and get approval for the IDNs what the potential for that would be. We've not finalized and issued any pricing associated with that. We did send a letter to ICANN clarifying a little bit about our marketing strategy, which I think is reasonable to define as sort of a brand extension strategy, I'll bypass the comments on that as well, but I'm afraid there's really, at this point, it's hard -- it's too early to project the size of the opportunity, but in places like China and India, where there are very large populations of Internet users, who are not English speakers, I certainly think there is an opportunity, but I'll let Pat comment as well.
Patrick S. Kane: So .com, .C-O-M, really has great brand awareness around the globe and some of the issues that we will -- that we're about to contend with is the penetration we have with our own brands and the adoption rate of what the local transliterations will look like. And the second piece is, that we talked about this in the past, IDNs are still not completely ubiquitous in terms of their capabilities within desktop and mobile software. So there's still some challenges in that particular area right now. So the growth is kind of -- we're excited about it, but in terms of what the total opportunity looks like, there's still some challenges that define that.
D. James Bidzos: There's some infrastructure development that still has to occur before they are fully functional in all of the applications. But there's a tremendous amount of interest, there is growing support. A lot of application developers have committed to support IDNs. There's a lot of activity in developing standards for interoperability between applications to support IDNs. And as I mentioned, I think that for brands that market in those geographies where you have a large population of Internet users who are native -- not English speakers, I think there's certainly an opportunity for them to market to those folks through IDN. So we think it's a good opportunity, but unfortunately, at this time, it's a bit early to try to size the market and since we haven't -- we don't have approval yet for the IDNs. They're not delegated and we haven't published pricing. It's just a bit early to really go farther than that.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Atchley, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President of Naming and Directory Services
Analysts: Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Harris Heyer Harris Hayer Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to VeriSign's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on VeriSign's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I'm David Atchley, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President, Naming and Directory Services. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the first quarter 2013 earnings news release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter demonstrates a solid start to 2013 for VeriSign. We reported revenue of $236 million, which was 15% higher year-over-year and delivered strong financial performance, including $145 million in free cash flow. In Naming, we processed 8.8 million new gross registrations during the first quarter and added 1.99 million net new names, bringing the name base to a total of 123.1 million .com and .net names. Our balance sheet remains strong, with approximately $1.56 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continue to see benefits from our focus and discipline in the execution of our strategic framework. As you may have seen during April, we completed the issuance of a 10-year $750 million senior unsecured note with a 4.625% coupon. We're very pleased with the results of this issuance, which is part of our revised capital structure. In a few moments, George will discussed our capital structure in more detail. During the first quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 3 million shares for $132 million. As of March 31, 2013, we have approximately $844 million remaining in our share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. I'll comment now on first quarter operating highlights. In our Naming business, at the end of March, the total base of registered names in .com and .net was 123.1 million, with registered names in .com totaling 108.1 million names and in .net totaling 15 million names. This represents an increase of 5.5% year-over-year and a 1.6% quarter-over-quarter. In the first quarter, we added 1.99 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.8 million new gross registrations. In the fourth quarter of 2012, the renewal rate was 72.9%, and the renewal rate for the whole of 2012 was 73.1%. While renewal rates are not totally measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2013 will be approximately 73.3%. This rate compares to 73.9% achieved in the first quarter of 2012. The renewal rate is still below the level of the first quarter 1 year ago. We see the continuing effects of changes in search algorithms and macroeconomic headwinds we discussed during the last few quarterly earnings calls. We cannot be certain of how long the renewal rate will be impacted by these factors, but we are now experiencing the fourth quarter of these effects. In light of these factors, we expect the second quarter net names for .com and .net added to the base will be between 0.9 million and 1.3 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before discussing the first quarter financials, I would like to talk about our capital structure in more detail. As stated on prior calls, we have been looking at our capital structure across both our leverage profile, as well as our international cash balance and how the international cash balance interrelates with our international tax structure. With our recently announced new senior unsecured debt issue, the company now has 3 debt instruments as part of its capital structure. First, the company has a $200 million senior unsecured credit facility that matures in November 2016. During April, we repaid the $100 million outstanding borrowings under this facility. We view this credit facility as a secondary source of domestic liquidity. Second, with our new debt issuance during April complete, the company now has a $750 million 10-year secured -- senior unsecured note with a coupon rate of 4.625%. This issuance produced approximately $738 million of net proceeds, of which $100 million was used to repay our revolving credit facility previously mentioned. We intend to use the remaining amount for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the repurchase of shares under our share repurchase program. Third, the company has a $1.25 billion subordinated convertible debenture with a coupon rate of 3.25% that matures in 2037. The company now has total outstanding debt obligations of $2 billion, which reflects the full $1.25 billion face value of our subordinated debenture, the new $750 million debt issuance and the repayment of amounts outstanding under the credit facility, which occurred after quarter end. With trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA of $595 million as of March 31, 2013, our pro forma total debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is 3.4x. This leverage ratio is consistent with the 1.5 to 3.5x range we discussed during prior calls and at a level we believe is reasonable for the company at this time. Now as it relates to our international cash balance, the tax work to evaluate our international cash and international tax structure is progressing but remains ongoing. Of the $1.56 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter, approximately $240 million was domestic, with the remainder held internationally. The approximate $1.3 billion in international cash has not been taxed at the U.S. level, and our assertion remains unchanged from prior quarters that this balance is indefinitely reinvested offshore. As mentioned, our tax work is ongoing and we will provide updates as soon as appropriate. We expect this work to be completed by the end of the year, if not sooner, and we'll provide appropriate available updates on our Q2 and Q3 quarterly calls. I will now discuss the first quarter financial results. During the quarter, we generated revenue of $236 million, up 15% year-over-year and delivered GAAP operating income of $133 million, up 35% from $99 million in the first quarter of 2012. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 56.4% compared to 48.1% in the same quarter 1 year ago. GAAP net income totaled $85 million compared to $68 million 1 year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.52 in the first quarter compared to $0.42 for the first quarter in 2012. As of March 31, 2013, the company maintained total assets of approximately $2.1 billion, which includes the cash balances just discussed. Liabilities also totaled $2.1 billion at quarter's end. During the first quarter, the stock price again exceeded the convertible debenture conversion trigger of $44.68, which means that the holders of the convertible debentures have the option of converting the debenture into common stock during the second quarter. Therefore, in accordance with GAAP, the debt component of the convertible debentures, as well as the related embedded derivative and deferred tax liability, were reclassified from long-term liabilities to current liabilities, while the associated unamortized debt issuance costs were reclassified from long-term assets to current assets as of March 31, 2013. I'll now review some of our key first quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2013 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $236 million for the first quarter. Approximately 60% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S. and 40% was from customers outside the U.S. Revenue in the first quarter from international sources grew 18% year-over-year, and domestic-sourced revenue grew 13% year-over-year. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $847 million, a $34 million increase from year-end 2012. First quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $8 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $96 million compared with $87 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. As a reminder, fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $11.3 million lower due to certain fourth quarter benefits we discussed last quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter expanded to 59.6% compared to 51.9% in the same quarter of 2012. It should be noted that during the first quarter of 2013, we delayed approximately $5 million of our marketing program expenses to later quarters, which contributed to a higher operating margin. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $94 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.58 compared to $0.42 in the first quarter of 2012 and $0.59 last quarter. As noted before, certain benefits described last quarter increased the fourth quarter earnings per share. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share calculations. In 2013, we now expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million as compared to the $40 million to $50 million range we gave last quarter as a result of the increased interest expense deduction created from our new senior note obligations. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 161 million shares in the first quarter compared to 162 million shares in the fourth quarter of last year. Dilution related to the convertible debenture was approximately 7.9 million shares based on the average share price during the quarter compared with 2.5 million for the same quarter in 2012. The share count was decreased by the full impact of fourth quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 3 million shares repurchased during the first quarter. Operating cash flow was $151 million for the first quarter compared to $171 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $110 million for the first quarter last year. First quarter free cash flow was $145 million. With respect to 2013 guidance, our guidance remains primarily unchanged except to update -- except for an update to our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income guidance. Revenue for 2013 is still expected to be in the range of $945 million to $960 million, representing an annual growth rate of 8% to 10%. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2013 non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be at least 57%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $60 million and $62 million for 2013. This range is an increase from the $40 million to $42 million range given on our last call, primarily reflecting the increased interest expense from our new debt issuance. Capital expenditures for the year are still expected to be between $60 million and $80 million. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound performance in the first quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with Q1 2012. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before opening the call to your questions, I would like to remind you of our strategic framework and its 3 areas of focus. These are, first, to protect; second, to grow, which includes our innovation efforts; and third, to manage the business. During the first quarter, we continued our efforts in each of these areas. We believe that our discipline to deliver in these 3 areas, with the right balance, should continue to offer the security and stability that are at the core of our business and provide value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just to start off, it's actually fairly unusual to see a 3% sequential revenue increase in a Q1, particularly given that net adds came in at the very low end of guidance. What drove the revenue outperformance in the quarter? Was it NIA or some other factor?
George E. Kilguss: Yes, Gregg, this is George Kilguss. Thanks for the question. In December of this year -- or in the fourth quarter, I should say, we actually changed our methodology of how we account for contra revenue. So contra revenue is a -- our marketing expenses we spend that are a deduct from revenue. We went to a GAAP convention, which recognizes that expense over the life of the customer contract that is entered into. So we had lower contra revenue in Q1. Going forward, the effects that we used to see from more of a seasonal factor in a Q1 from contra will not be as apparent, it will be more smooth as we're recognizing that expense over the contract life of the customer.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And George, can you walk through why you opted to delay about $5 million in marketing expenses in the first quarter? And also, do you expect to make most of that up in the second quarter or in future quarters?
George E. Kilguss: So, again, the marketing team constantly evaluates programs in its effectiveness, and programs that we have in the pipeline based on market activities going on. The team, during the quarter, made a determination that it wanted to delay some programs. It didn't think that its effectiveness was going to reach its maximum potential and chose to delay that for a few quarters. Right now, we're expecting to see that. Still, in the third and fourth quarter of this year, the team is regrouping on some of those programs. And we'll get more of an update on that on our next quarter call, but right now, we're expecting to continue to spend that in this fiscal year.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Fantastic. And then for Jim, last quarter, I think you made the comment that you were seeing early signs of a stabilization and improvement in renewal rates. And as you pointed out on -- in your prepared remarks, on a year-over-year basis, you're obviously still working through some of the algo changes. But this represented some fairly nice improvement versus the prior period. I'm just kind of wondering how you're sort of thinking and looking at renewal rates at this point going forward.
D. James Bidzos: Well, we're being -- looking -- I would say we're cautiously optimistic about what's happening, but we don't guide to renewal rates, of course. And first of all, I would say that we're still -- we're in the fourth quarter of the algorithm -- search algorithm changes. And so we're still uncertain exactly how that's going to play out. Those changes are ongoing and continuing. So I think we're not in a position to say that those changes have been absorbed or that they've ended, they continue. And secondly, as I mentioned, we still are feeling the effects of macroeconomic headwinds, particularly in Europe.
George E. Kilguss: Yes. And Gregg, let me -- this is George. Let me give you a little bit more color on that. As we've previously discussed, our zone metrics have been impacted by both the poor economic conditions here and abroad, as well as changes to algorithms -- search algorithms. As it relates to Google, while they don't provide that much information as it relates to past or future changes to their algorithm, what we do know is, and as we previously discussed, they made 2 major algorithm changes called Panda and Penguin. But when you look at Panda -- Panda started in 2011, and since its inception, they started -- they made over 25 different updates to that particular algorithm change. Of the 25 updates, 14 of those updates happened in 2012. So 56% happened in 2012, and they've actually had 2 additional updates here in the first quarter. So those changes do continue to go on. As it relates to the Penguin change, as we discussed last year, the first time we saw a Penguin change came out was in the first quarter of 2012. And they had -- they made a total of 3 changes to their Penguin algorithm in 2012. Now we haven't seen any changes yet in 2013. I believe Matt Cutts from Google made some comments in a seminar that they believe they were going to make another change in 2013 to Penguin. But I guess my point here is that they may continue these changes to the algorithm. Some impact is more than others. We don't know the impact of the changes until after they make them. So we're constantly monitoring those. But they have made a significant amount of changes, especially in 2012, which have an effect in future periods for us. So we continue to monitor that. We take that information into the guidance that we provide you as 1 data input, but there are many changes that happened, at least, over the past year and the current quarter.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Fantastic. That's very helpful. And then if I could just ask one final question since it's relevant for all of our models. I'm just wondering if you're -- to get a sense of how you're thinking about putting the incremental $650 million of debt to use from a potential buyback standpoint.
George E. Kilguss: So Gregg, great question. We have historically not guided to buybacks in any particular quarter. I think if you look at the company's track record, it's had a very consistent track record in the first quarter. We did $132 million of repurchases. As Jim mentioned, we always look at our strategic framework. We look at the cash flow from what do we need to invest in the business to protect the assets? What level of liquidity do we need to maintain on hand? What cash do we need to invest to generate positive IRR returns to propagate growth and innovation? And then to the extent that each quarter we feel we have cash that we deem as excess, we then make decisions on what cash we believe we should be returning to shareholders. So we don't guide, we haven't guided to that, but I think if you look at our track record, we've been relatively consistent in our results and returning capital to shareholders when appropriate.
D. James Bidzos: I would just add -- this is Jim. I would just add as well that George talked in his remarks about our capital structure. Part of that obviously is debt leverage ratios. We have talked in the past often about the fact that the company did not have as much debt as it could have. Would it have as much as it absolutely could have? We said, "No, the number will be somewhere in between." I think now you've seen that. And clearly, as you saw from the announcement earlier, when we closed on the debt offering, it was under very attractive terms for the company. We see that as a permanent part of our capital structure under attractive terms. And we've been very clear about the stated purpose for that general corporate purposes, potential acquisitions and potential share repurchases, among other things. And I think our position on acquisitions, mergers and acquisitions, has been very clear and consistent. There's no change whatsoever on that. And as George mentioned, we don't guide on buybacks. But I think if you look at them, how we've dealt with our use of cash issues, which we determine from quarter-to-quarter, certainly, you can look back and see that share repurchase has, under these market conditions over the last couple of years, been an attractive way for us to return value to shareholders.
Operator: And moving on, our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to follow on that last point, Jim. Is buybacks really the main focal point? Or how, within that strategic framework, would you characterize buybacks versus special dividend versus regular dividend as potential capital return?
D. James Bidzos: Well, we don't guide to any of those, obviously. And we do evaluate our cash situation, our cash needs and our deployment of our cash on a quarterly basis. I think looking back, extraordinary dividends during the divestiture period when we did have divestiture proceeds, certainly, were one way that we deployed cash. Share buyback has been a more consistent method for us. But, again, obviously, we don't guide. So at this point, I'd say based on very dynamic conditions, in the last few quarters, over the course of 2012 and over the first quarter of 2013, clearly, you've seen that share repurchase has been our preferred method of cash deployment. That's based on current conditions. There's no change in our strategy, as I mentioned, with respect to M&A or other uses of cash, it's just determined every quarter.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And George, could you quantify the impact on the first quarter from that change in accounting on contra revenue? And did you say that it's bigger in the first quarter as you adopted the plan and starts to fade? I missed what you were -- how we were explaining that.
George E. Kilguss: So contra is, I would say, for all intents and purposes, now going to be more consistent in each quarterly number. It was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter from fourth quarter to first quarter. First quarter 2012 had probably about $4 million more of contra depressing Q1 in 2012. But Q4 to Q1 were very consistent in the amounts.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And last question, on the repatriation analysis that you're doing, what's left to determine? You mentioned before, at the end of the year, you need a ruling by a tax authority. Or what else can we be looking from the outside to gauge where you're at in the process?
George E. Kilguss: So as you can imagine, we've been evaluating the strategic alternatives related to our international tax and related liquidity. As you can appreciate, that work is very complex. It is ongoing. We had hoped to have had an update for you know, but as mentioned, that work continues. There are a number of complexities we have, a number of dependencies as well. And we'll give you an update as soon as we can, but it's ongoing. At the end of the day, as you might expect, we need to understand the full cost and risk of any potential changes to our structure before we consider any decision to potential changes. And it is just a very complex area. We do have some dependencies that we're looking at. And we'll provide you an update clearly on Q2 and Q3, if not before. But we think that work should be completed by year-end.
Operator: And moving on, we'll now hear from Walter Pritchard of Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: George, I'm wondering just on the margins for the year. I'm wondering if you could -- I didn't hear you talk about the exit margin, again, on this side in the prepared remarks. But what are you thinking in terms of exit margin? I guess that's first question.
George E. Kilguss: I'm sorry. Was that marketing expense you're talking about -- you're asking about?
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, sorry. The exit -- the operating margin you expect to exit with in the fourth quarter?
George E. Kilguss: So -- thank you. I understand now, the operating margin exit rate. So, again, our guidance for the full year is that we expect it to be at least 57% non-GAAP operating margin. We don't guide to a fourth quarter exit rate. We were higher in the first quarter because we did delay some of these marketing expenses. We do expect to spend those this year. So we have not changed our guidance or updated our guidance of at least 57% for 2012.
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. Just a little bit of additional color on some of the marketing expense. Some of that, a portion of it is tied to investment in marketing, some of the new TLDs that we've applied for. For example, the IDNs, which are actually first in the order of delegation in ICANN's program. And there have been -- there's been some small delay, some uncertainty in that program. Some of our marketing expense is tied to that. So not all of it is entirely within our control. But I think, yes, we expect to spend it during the year. So there's some variability there based on outside factors that are not entirely within our control.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then I guess just on a major path on the guidance for net adds for the second quarter, I guess, a little lower than we were expecting. But we've seen the second quarter sort of be all over the map, historically. And I'm wondering, as we get kind of a level below the headline net add guidance, are you guys thinking about a particular change in trajectory between renewal rates and growth adds in terms of how you're getting to the Q2 net add guidance?
George E. Kilguss: Walter, we continue to look at our models, factor in many things we just talked about. Some of the continuing changes that are happening with the Google algorithm, we take that into consideration. Our best visibility for Q2 is the guidance we laid out in the call, 0.9 million to 1.3 million. That's what we're seeing today. Again, we do provide that visibility, as you know, daily. It's updated on our website every 12 hours. So you guys are seeing it in real time. But that's what we're seeing at least for the quarter. We talked about last quarter that our total zone growth, our guidance was based on a 4% to 6% total zone growth. That's still consistent with our view there. So we're looking at the total zone, 4% to 6%, that has not changed. But that's what we're seeing for Q2 is this range of 0.9 million to 1.3 million.
D. James Bidzos: As George said, it incorporates all of our best forecasting tools, but there are 2 major components under which we have very little direct influence. One is certainly macroeconomic conditions and particularly in Europe. And additionally, search engine algorithmic changes, which, as George mentioned, were highly concentrated in 2012, do continue. We do expect another Penguin update in 2013. Google has signaled that clearly. But those are 2 major factors that are a component of our guidance. So those are 2 that we have no direct influence over, and they're all reflected. And that's in the 0.9 million to 1.3 million guidance number that we provided.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Harris Heyer: This is actually Harris Heyer on behalf of Phil Winslow. I was just hoping you could provide us a little bit of color on your IP licensing strategy going forward from here.
D. James Bidzos: I'm sorry. I missed the last part.
George E. Kilguss: IP licensing...
Harris Hayer: On your IP licensing strategy.
D. James Bidzos: I'm not sure we're in a position right now to give you more color. We're in a middle of a very active effort to inventory, assess and develop a strategy around our IP. I have mentioned in the past that our goal actually is not primarily to derive direct patent licensing royalty revenue from our IP but to use it in support of our business goals and our business planning. That certainly is unchanged, but that activity is well underway. And I hope we'll be able to tell you more shortly.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And that will come from Dan Cummins with B. Riley Bank.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: First, I am sorry, I missed -- you gave the renewal rate for the fourth quarter, and I missed it. And I wanted to ask if you could give us a rough idea of the number of names up for renewal in 2Q. That's the first part.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Dan. The renewal rate in Q1 was -- again, it's not final until 45 days after the end of the quarter, but our estimate is 73.3% for Q1. And the number of names up for renewal in the second quarter is 26.1 million names.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay, great. And I want to just be clear on the marketing spend. Were you talking about $5 million per quarter? Or is that $5 million for the whole year? And -- those comments about the external factors, I think that explains quite a bit.
D. James Bidzos: That $5 million was a number based on calendar 2013, not quarterly, for the marketing spend.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. So we should -- so in terms of understanding maybe the level of profitability that the business is running at right now, it -- the 59.6%, obviously, it seems a little bit overstated. But it probably isn't that far off, actually, if we're not going to see -- in other words, if the 5 just gets peanut buttered out over 3 quarters, the business seems to be running at a level, whatever, 100 to 200 basis points better than the full year guidance. Is that roughly correct?
George E. Kilguss: We will spend -- the $5 million that we did not spend in Q1 from marketing, the intention of our marketing department today is to continue to spend that this year. So they have -- it's not in place of other programs. It's programs that, as Jim talked about, some of it is tied to the new gTLD program. So some of that is not in our control, but our -- we expect our marketing spend to accelerate a little bit as we have these new programs going on and as this $5 million has shifted out of Q1 into later quarters.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Great. Okay. And one more thing I may have missed. Did you give headcount? And have you -- did you project headcount increase or decrease from where we are today out to year-end?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Dan. So we -- I believe the headcount number was on our slide -- in our slide deck. Total headcount was 1,070 employees. We do not give a forecast for headcount. That headcount is slightly down from Q4 levels, which was about 1,096 for full-time employees. But 1,070 is the answer to your question.
Operator: And we'll take our last question today from Jaimin Soni of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. First, kind of going back over what Sterling had asked earlier, looking at the guidance for the second quarter in terms of net domain name adds and the first quarter trend, it seems like the second half of the year, we should expect some normalization or an uptick to get to the 4% to 6% growth for the full year. Is that -- just trying to understand what gives you some confidence that you will see some improvement in the growth rate in the second half. And secondly, just wanted to get an update on the gTLD process from your perspective. When do you think that will start contributing to revenues?
George E. Kilguss: Jaimin, this is George Kilguss. Thanks for your question. Again, the guidance that we provided and -- for the quarter and the expectation for the zone, that is based on the most recent information we have. When -- clearly, when you look at historic net adds, you see that Q1 does tend to be a little stronger and then it does tend to flatten out. There are also changes year-to-year when you look at when certain holidays fall. Especially internationally, you can see that there are some Chinese holidays that happen in the first quarter that take those -- that market -- take those folks out of the market for a little bit and they tend to come back in. The Chinese New Year this year was delayed or was later than the previous year by several weeks. And so there's a number of factors that go into the model. Again, Q2, the 0.9 million to 1.3 million, that's what we're seeing today. But we still, at least, we sit here today, believe the zone will grow between 4% and 6%. As it relates to new gTLDs, that program looks like it's still in the works here, but we don't expect too much revenue in 2013 as a result of that program.
D. James Bidzos: I just want to give you a little more color on the TLD program. I think the ICANN just had their meeting a couple of weeks ago in Beijing. And there are couple of areas where the program is moving a little bit slower. There was a target date to make some major steps of April 23, a couple of days ago. That date has been delayed. In Beijing, there was a couple of major events. Number one is that advice was received from the government advisory council for ICANN, and I think that there's some issues that have to be addressed by applicants, which is probably going to take some time. That's been put out to public comment. And also, the process of contracting with registrars and registries in a new gTLD program is also a process that now involves public comment period for those contracts. So that's going to take some additional time as that process plays out. There was also a session in Beijing on security and stability. And -- but certainly, I commend ICANN for their commitment to make sure that all critical security and stability issues are addressed prior to delegation going forward. So I think there's a bit more work to do there. This is -- ICANN is getting operational. This is a major undertaking, a massive overhaul of global Internet infrastructure. So there have been delays in the past. It's probably not going to go perfectly smooth. I think at this point, we still expect the program to get off the ground this year but probably later in the year rather than earlier. And I don't think that we expect any significant revenue from our applications and our participation in the program this year. But Pat's here, he was in Beijing. If there's anything, Pat, you'd like to add.
Patrick S. Kane: I think you got it covered.
D. James Bidzos: So I think George said it succinctly, there's -- I just wanted to give you a little bit more color, but there's no significant revenue that we anticipate in 2013. Although our applications, as you know, are IDNs, which should be early in the process. So as the program does get underway, once again, I think we're well-positioned to participate with our 14 applications, including our 12 IDNs. So we continue to work within the program, work with ICANN, monitor progress and look forward to the program launching at some point.
Operator: And Mr. Atchley, at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. During the second quarter, Jim and George will be presenting at the JPMorgan TMT conference at 10 a.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, May 14, in Boston. The webcast registration details for this conference will be available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services
Analysts: Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the VeriSign's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I am David Atchley, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its longstanding policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The fourth quarter capped a solid 2012 for VeriSign. We delivered for the global community of Internet users that increasingly rely on us by marking 15 years of uninterrupted availability for .com and .net. We renewed the .com agreement for another 6 years, reported 2012 revenue of $874 million which was 13% revenue year-over-year growth and delivered strong financial performance including $503 million in free cash flow. We continue to see benefits from our restructuring, focus and discipline. In Naming we processed a record 33.1 million new gross registrations during 2012, finishing the year with 121.1 million names on the domain name base. Our balance sheet remains strong with approximately $1.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. With the clarity of the .com renewal now behind us, we can now focus more of our attention on other strategic initiatives. In 2013, we intend to put greater emphasis on developing new revenue streams as we explore new products, services and innovation to enhance our offerings. The certainty of the renewal also allows us to focus on our longer-term financial plan, including a review of our capital structure and putting more emphasis on finding efficiencies in our business. Before I get into the fourth quarter results, I want to highlight a few events from the quarter. On November 30, 2012, we announced the approval of the renewal of the revised .com agreement by the U.S. Department of Commerce for the term beginning on December 1, 2012, and running through November 30, 2018, and the modified terms of the revised agreement. This approval is an endorsement of our record on security and stability and our offerings of .com registry services on reasonable prices, terms and conditions. The price of a .com registration is now fixed at $7.85 and as of the fourth quarter 2012 end we have 106.2 million .com names in our domain name base. On December 19, we announced an increase in registry domain name fees for .net per our agreement with ICANN. As of July 1, 2013 the registry fee for .net domain names will increase from $5.11 to $5.62. Also by way of update, in December, ICANN completed its prioritization draw for processing applications related to its new gTLD program. As expected, ICANN gave priority to internationalized domain name transliterations. As you may recall, 12 of our 14 applications were for IDN versions of .com and .net. Based on ICANN's current time line, we are not likely to see revenue from this opportunity until 2014. Finally, during the fourth quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 2.3 million shares for $94 million. Through 2012, we repurchased approximately 7.7 million shares for $315 million. On December 5, 2012, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by approximately $459 million to a total of $1 billion for VeriSign common stock. As of December 31, 2012, we have approximately $976 million remaining in our share repurchase program which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. I'll comment now on fourth quarter operating highlights. In our naming business at the end of December, the base of registered names in .com equaled 106.2 million names while .net equaled 14.9 million names. The total base of registered names in .com and .net was 121.1 million at the end of December. This represents an increase of 6.4% year-over-year and 1% quarter-over-quarter. In the fourth quarter, we added 1.25 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8 million new gross registrations during the fourth quarter, up 1% compared with the same period a year ago. For the full year 2012, we processed a record 33.1 million new gross registrations, up 3% from full year 2011. In the third quarter of 2012, the overall renewal rate was 72.5%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2012 will be approximately 72.9%. This rate compares to 73.5% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2011. We see the continuing effects of changes in search out rhythms and macroeconomic headwinds we discussed during last quarter earnings call in our net additions. Search engine adjustments made over the past several months have affected the economics which drive domain monetization. As noted in prior earnings calls, we have seen these search engine changes in the past which have impacted our first time renewing names and our overall renewal rates. Historically, the domain monetization community has adjusted to such changes over several quarters but we have no way of knowing how long they will be impacted by the changes being made in the current environment but we are now experiencing the third quarter of these effects. Secondly, we continue to see signs suggesting that macroeconomic headwinds, particularly in Europe, have led to softer international renewal rates. However, while these factors are still present, we are seeing some early signs of stabilization and improvement in the renewal rate. Taking into consideration these and other factors, we expect the first quarter net names for .com and .net added to the base to between 2.0 million and 2.4 million names. As discussed on prior calls, we post updates to the zone on our website at least once per day. With this continued transparency, you're able to track how the zone is growing throughout the first quarter. Our NIA business continues to exhibit good year-over-year revenue for both. Our efforts remain focused on positioning the NIA business to achieve quality of revenue and stable growth while better aligning expenses with revenue. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, George Kilguss.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. During 2012, we generated revenue of $874 million and delivered non-GAAP operating income of $491 million, all while expanding non-GAAP operating margins to 56.2%. These results drove approximately $503 million in free cash flow for the year. As Jim mentioned, our balance sheet remains strong. As of December 31, 2012, the company maintained total assets of approximately $2.1 billion of which $1.6 billion was in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Of the $1.6 billion, approximately $280 million was domestic with the remainder held overseas. Total liabilities were $2.1 billion as of the fourth quarter, up from $1.9 billion a year ago. Due to the stock price not exceeding the convertible debenture trigger of $44.68 in 20 of the last 30 trading days during the fourth quarter, our convertible debentures were no longer convertible starting January 1, 2013. Therefore, in accordance with GAAP, the debt component of the convertible debentures, the related embedded derivative and the deferred tax liability were reclassified from current liabilities back to long-term liabilities while the associated unamortized debt issuance costs were reclassified from current assets back to long-term assets as of the third -- December 31, 2012. Total debt on the balance sheet was $698 million at quarter end consisting of $100 million of outstandings drawn under our $200 million revolving credit facility and the $598 million present value of the $1.25 billion in convertible debentures. The convertible debentures will continue to be accreted onto our balance sheet up to its $1.25 billion par value over its 25-year remaining term. As mentioned in prior calls, we are in the process of reviewing the company's capital structure. As we review our capital structure, we are looking at both the leverage profile, including our domestic borrowing capacity, as well as our international cash balance and how that cash balance inter-relates with our international tax structure. We expect to have more information to share with you related to our thoughts around the company's capital structure during our Q1 earnings call in April. Deferred revenue at the end of the year totaled $813 million, an $84 million increase from year-end 2011. For the 3 months ended December 31, 2012 the company generated revenues of $230 million, up 13% from a year ago and up 3% sequentially. During the quarter, the company delivered GAAP operating income of $135 million, up 46% from $93 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. GAAP operating margin in the quarter also improved to 58.8% compared to 45.6% in the comparable quarter a year ago, which was as a result of both top line growth and stable costs during the quarter. GAAP net income totaled $106 million compared to $54 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.65 in the fourth quarter compared to $0.34 for the fourth quarter in 2011. Results for the fourth quarter of 2012 included nonrecurring, pretax benefits of $13.6 million, split $5.8 million and $7.8 million between continuing operations and discontinued operations, respectively. These amounts were primarily related to reimbursements of previously incurred litigation and defense costs received upon settlement with the selling shareholders of a previously acquired business. Additionally, fourth quarter 2012 results include pretax benefits of $5.5 million related to a reduction in our estimated bonus payout for fiscal 2012. Together these items increased the GAAP operating margin by 4.9% and diluted earnings per share by $0.07. I'll now review some of our key fourth quarter and full year operating metrics which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2013 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $230 million for the third quarter, up 13% year-over-year. Approximately 60% of our revenue was derived from customers in the United States, and 40% was from foreign customers. Revenue in the fourth quarter from international sources grew 14.5% year-over-year and slightly faster than our domestic-sourced revenue, which grew 12.1% year-over-year. 2012 full year revenue was $874 million, up 13% year-over-year. Non-GAAP results for the fourth quarter of 2012 included nonrecurring pretax benefits of $5.8 million recorded in continuing operations primarily related to the reimbursement of the previously incurred litigation defense costs received upon settlement with selling shareholders of that previously acquired business. Additionally, the non-GAAP results for the fourth quarter of 2012 also included the pretax benefit of $5.5 million related to the reduction in our estimated bonus payout. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $7 million in stock-based compensation, totaled $87 million and was down 11% sequentially as a result of the abovementioned $11.3 million in Q4 benefits. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter expanded to 62% compared to 56.4% in the third quarter of 2012. The nonrecurring pretax benefits and estimated bonus accruals adjustment previously discussed also increased non-GAAP operating margin by 4.9%. After adjusting for these credits and accrual adjustments, our fourth quarter operating margin improvement was driven by revenue growth and our ability to obtain operational efficiencies to help offset rising costs, which allowed us to keep total expenses in line with the previous quarter. Our non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $96 million resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.59 compared to $0.40 in the fourth quarter of 2011 and $0.50 last quarter. The estimated bonus accrual adjustment and credits previously mentioned increased fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted earnings per share by $0.05. Full year 2012 non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.97, a 32% increase over fiscal 2011. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP operating income net for fiscal 2012 was $38 million. With respect to taxes, as we've previously stated, starting from the third quarter of 2012, we are using a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and our non-GAAP EPS calculations. We continue to use the 30% non-GAAP tax rate for prior periods presented. In 2013, we expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $40 million to $50 million. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 162 million shares in the fourth quarter compared to 166.6 million shares in the third quarter of this year. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was approximately 6.4 million shares based on the average share pricing during the quarter, a decrease of 2.8 million shares from the third quarter. Share count was decreased further by the full impact of Q3 share repurchase activity and the weighted impact of the 2.3 million shares repurchased during the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow was $171 million for the fourth quarter up from $122 million in the third quarter of 2012 and up compared to $124 million for the same quarter last year. Full-year operating 2012 cash flow was $538 million compared with $336 million for 2011. Free cash flow was $155 million for the fourth quarter of 2012 and includes a decrease of $2.3 million in excess benefits from stock-based compensation and excludes $13 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Free cash flow for 2012 was $503 million, including $18 million in excess tax benefits and excluding $53 million in capital expenditures. With respect to 2013 guidance, revenue for 2013 should be in the range of $945 million to $960 million, representing an annual growth rate of 8% to 10%. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at least 80%. Full-year 2013 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be at least 57%. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP, non-operating income net is expected to be an expense of between $40 million and $42 million for 2013, and capital expenditures for the year are expected to be between $60 million and $80 million. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business and increased operating efficiencies in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, we continue to demonstrate sound performance in the fourth quarter and full year 2012. We have grown our non-GAAP operating income and net income. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I will turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before opening the call to your questions, I would like to use our strategic framework and its 4 areas of focus to frame how we think about the business. These 4 areas are to protect, grow, innovate and manage the business. First, protect. We will continue to protect the business by meeting all of our obligations under our ICANN agreements to operate top level domains. Second, grow. We will continue to see growth in the following ways: expansion of our existing businesses through focused marketing programs that target com/net zone growth, particularly in emerging international markets, by extending our brand and serving new markets through the IDNs for which we have applied; by extending our high reliability platform to underpin new brand and generic TLDs, including our approximately 220 new gTLD customers; by continuing to scale and grow our NIA business; and by leveraging our patent portfolio to both generate revenue and support our business strategy. Third, innovate. As evidenced by our continued filing of patent applications, we are focused on innovation. The goal is new revenue streams resulting from innovative new services that leverage our strengths. And fourth, manage. We will continue to manage the business responsibly from a financial perspective. As mentioned earlier, one of the benefits of the .com contract renewal is certainty which allows us greater flexibility in optimizing debt, capital allocation and capital structure. We will have more to say on this subject during our next earnings call. We believe that continuing to deliver on these 4 areas with the right balance should best serve our customers, employees and shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Philip Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Obviously, you've been adjusting for the one-time items, very strong operating margin. The outlook you gave on the margin side was quite strong as well. Just wondering if you could walk through just sort of how you kind of view incremental operating margins from here, especially kind of with the context of the renewal having gone through and then you all focusing also on some new business areas and some new segments. Does that include incremental costs going forward? Where do you see the leverage coming from, et cetera?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Philip. This is George. With respect to incremental operating margins throughout fiscal 2012, really our incremental operating margin came from our revenue growth. If you look at our expenses, taking out some of those one-time items, we've been consistently around the $98 million, $99 million on a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation from an expense standpoint. And we’ve -- as we've talked about, we've been able to invest in those areas, sales and marketing, R&D, while creating efficiencies in our operations. As we look out into 2013 we do have some increasing expenses. Like all companies, we have wage expense increases and health care benefits increasing. Unique to VeriSign, we also have costs associated increasing with our new contract with the com renewal where that's now a variable cost. And that, as I said before, will increase costs probably somewhere around $700,000 a month. So we absolutely have increased costs going forward in the business. What we -- what's included in our guidance is our desire, our objective to try to offset those costs to some degree with increased efficiencies. Again, as in 2012, the majority of our margin expansion will come from revenue growth.
D. James Bidzos: And Phil, this is Jim. Let me just add, too, I think you mentioned how we're looking at margins and expense given the growth initiatives that we have. Let me just add to what George said that the growth initiatives that I mentioned, so for example, expanding our existing businesses through focused marketing programs. That's baked into the budget and obviously baked into the forecast and the guidance that we gave. We have invested in marketing programs over the years. They are more focused going forward. We're targeting geographies where we think there's real growth opportunity for the com/net zone. The IDNs, we have made -- we've already made the investment in the application fees, as you know, in early 2012. And the support that we'll be providing in terms of back-end registry services for the 220 customers that we signed up, we do have something of an advantage, having been a registry in operation for a long time and having supported multiple TLDs over all of those years of com, net, tv, cc, several others that VeriSign supports. So we've built something called Name Store. So basically, we have a tremendous amount of experience in standing up and operating multiple TLDs within our existing platform. So I think that gives us something of an advantage in that this is something we've invested in, we've built and we have operational and we know how to do. NIA, of course, is something we've been investing in for over 2 years now, and we're optimizing that business. And I talked about our patent portfolio and that's something new. We've never really exploited it before. But essentially, the investments in those areas -- the substantial investments have been made. And I think we've been consistently clear, but let me do it again, about mergers and acquisitions. We don't believe that M&A is a strategy. We don't see any M&A on our horizon. If an opportunity presented itself that helped us accelerate our business strategy, certainly we'd look at that. But that's not part of our plan. So I hope that bit of color gives you a little more insight into how to think about expenses, margins, and growth opportunities through 2013.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gray Powell with Wells Fargo.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just had a couple. So could you maybe help me clarify something in terms of the timing of new gTLDs? Because it looks like ICANN will be approving your foreign language .com transliterations a little bit earlier, at least than what we'd expected. From the website, it looks like possibly early June. So I guess, is that correct? And if so, when do you expect to actually go live? And then, just lastly, how should we think about pricing on the foreign language transliterations?
D. James Bidzos: Pat, do you want to comment?
Patrick S. Kane: Sure. So as far as the timing goes, the way that the -- this is Pat, the way that -- the way ICANN has laid out the process, it is mechanically possible for new gTLDs to go sometime in Q3. But there's still many outstanding items to be completed, and so I think it's more towards the end of the year. And just recently, Steve Crocker, the Chairman of the Board for ICANN, has indicated that it would be more towards the end of the year. So while it's possible, I think it's going to be, like I said, towards the end of the year. So that is -- and then as far as pricing goes, it's not really -- it doesn't have the same boundaries as the .com contract does, so we can basically set the pricing, and we're still evaluating what that pricing looks like.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, just for clarity, the .com contract is unique in that the cooperative agreement between the Department of Commerce and VeriSign exists for that TLD only. .net is only between VeriSign and ICANN. All of the new applications that we've made in ICANN's new gTLD program and the other domains that we operate are strictly based on contractual relationships between ICANN and VeriSign and are not subject to any price limitations, such as the ones that were imposed in the renewal by the Department of Commerce for .com. And as Pat said, we're still evaluating how we'll be pricing those IDNs. But just like every other applicant in the new gTLD program, we have complete flexibility in how we price them and whatever price increases we choose to bring in over time.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it, got it. That's very helpful. And then one more, if I may. Just of the 220 new gTLDs that you will be supporting, can you give us a sense as to how many are brands versus geographies or communities of interest and I guess maybe any other classifications that I may have missed?
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, this is Pat. The majority of those 220 are brands or generics operated by brands, and so they will be used probably differently than you would see the major generics. And we have probably 8% to 10% that fall in the other range to include some generics, but the majority of them are brands.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'd just like to talk about the outlook for the zone file kind of in general and what kind of growth are you looking for in 2013 in the .net and .com zone file?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Steve. So as you know, we guided between 8% to 10% revenue growth for the year for 2013. Last year, we grew at 6.4% for the full year. As you also know, the components of the zone growth really are a function of the growth additions we experienced in the zone as well as the deletes coming out. And we've talked for a few quarters now about the deletes and the deletes we've been seeing overseas which results from the economy, and some of the deletes that have been impacted as a result of some of the changes to the Google algorithm. So part of our guidance, as we look into 2013, is clearly taking into consideration some of those trends with the deletes in the zone. And as we go through the year, we'll get some more visibility as we're right now 3 quarters into or beyond the time when Google made those material changes which impacted us. So today, to answer your question, our current view is the zone growth is somewhere between 4% and 6% that's baked into our full year guidance for 2013.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And is it possible that we could see the renewal rates start to improve in the second half of the year after we start to anniversary the algorithm change?
George E. Kilguss: So I think that's a possibility. I think the real answer is we don't know. What we've seen our preliminary renewal rate for the fourth quarter is that it seems to be upticking a little bit. It is back to the second quarter of 2012 rate or thereabouts. Still below 2011 but we are seeing some stabilization, some early signs of that. So it is a possibility, but I think it's just fairly too early to tell right now to where the renewal rate will trend for the full year of 2013.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Steve. This is Jim. There's also a lot of moving parts to sort of calculating revenue growth and zone growth. In addition to what George said in terms of impact from the search engine, search algorithm changes which are just really hard to predict, we, at this point, have no visibility, no idea what sort of promotional programs registrars may bring into play during any one of the 4 quarters of 2013. Promotions tend to bring in a lot of names that then later on have impact in the subsequent year. So it's just hard to predict what that growth will be because there's just so many variables.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: George, I was wondering if you could talk to us about on the guidance sort of a cash flow number we should be thinking about for 2013. And then also related to that, how much of that cash do you expect to generate in the U.S.?
George E. Kilguss: Well, I think in general, when you look at our revenues, Walter, we've talked about 60% domestic and 40% international. And that math tends to flow through our income statement for the most part as it relates to cash. So I think that's a fair assessment. I guess from a cash flow perspective, we don't guide to a full year free cash flow number but I think if you take our non-GAAP operating margins, you take and consider the CapEx that we guided, I think you can get a pretty good idea from that math. But this year, we did $503 million. Clearly, incrementally, we expect that number to grow. And then I think you have enough data points to come to a conclusion there, but about 60% is domestic and 40% is international.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just a question for Jim on the patents, are you -- I guess monetization of patents, you've talked about here now for a couple quarters. Is this something that you intend to monetize through IP or is there any products? Can you talk a bit about -- or sale of patents, could you talk a bit about more specifically about how you think you can monetize some of the patents that you have?
D. James Bidzos: I think it's a bit early to talk in detail about how we'll actually do that, but there are a number of different ways. Certainly, one of them that you mentioned, selling patents, that's probably the least likely to occur here. We have a broad patent portfolio. We have over 200 patents and applications in the U.S. alone. We have, to date, not asserted any of our patents. We're reviewing that policy. We have a large number of patents -- a portion of our patents read directly on registry operations, so we think that there are some things that are certainly worth looking at there. The 2 primary ways, one would be to license the patents and generate royalty revenue. Having been in a business before that -- where patents were a great asset, I can tell you from experience that a much more attractive way is to use the patents, if possible, to leverage a business strategy. So that would be the preferred method, but certainly behind that, royalty revenue would be another way to do it. And we are very active in our innovation program, and we're filing many new applications as well so this is a new area. Too early to say exactly how and what that will produce, but we're looking at it very closely and we think it's an opportunity for us.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Safe to say this is no part of your 2013 guidance or are you thinking that you may get some revenue in 2013?
D. James Bidzos: I think it's just really too early to say.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan Chase.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. I want to clarify or I want to make sure I heard correctly, George, you said the operating margin guidance is 57% at least for the full year?
George E. Kilguss: That's correct, at least 57% for the full year.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. Jim, when you talk about the tweaks to the search engine, were there further tweaks made in the fourth quarter and does that restart the clock of the 2- to 3-quarter adjustment? Or are we 3 quarters into people adapting to it and we should be in the smaller tail of the impacts?
D. James Bidzos: I don't know that we have enough detailed information about what changes were being made in that timeframe to say. First, I'll just say that there are changes being made to -- Google, for example, makes changes to their search algorithms essentially constantly. We noticed on, as you know, back in 2009 there were changes they made that directly affected the renewal of domain names and again a year ago. To what extent they either extended or renewed or intensified or changed in any way those efforts, we, at this point, can't say. We do know that over time, the people who use domain names for monetization purposes, advertising or other ways that they generate revenue from them, we do know that they typically tend to find ways to adjust and adapt. There is one thing we do know, that a domain monetization, entity or individual can currently look at their portfolio of names, and essentially I think they can expect a higher yield from it because their cost of goods, essentially the cost of acquiring domain names, has just been fixed at $7.85. So there's one data point that we can give you with some certainty based on the renewal of last November that does change the financials for the monetization of domain names. Their cost of goods is fixed. The portfolios that they hold should now basically have a higher yield. That may be [indiscernible].
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. Sorry, Jim. And just last question, you mentioned the new revenue sources for 2013, new products and services. While I don't expect you to tell us exactly what they are tonight, can you give us a sense of when we might -- timing wise, when we might hear more in terms of exactly what those things would be?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I hope it will be earlier in the year. Our plan is to share more information and possibly roll something out in 2013, but that's a -- those new products and services that play to our strengths that are very core are really the central focus of our innovation efforts. Those efforts tend to spin out a lot of the times that I talked about earlier. But I hope to be talking to you more about it in 2013, and I hope sooner rather than later in the year. But it's too early to say exactly when right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Was curious on the network intelligence availability front, just if we look at those different services, are they material to revenue? Are there about 10% or more yet or at what point in the future do you think they'll reach that type of level?
D. James Bidzos: They're not at that point yet and we don't guide to those, so I can't really tell you exactly when that'll happen. I can tell you that our efforts to streamline that business, to improve the quality of revenue and to optimize the offerings are yielding some fruit. And as I mentioned, we are seeing increased revenue from that part of the business, so that much I can say. I think everybody knows, who reads the press, that our DDoS attacks are growing, so we see that as an opportunity. Our managed DNS customers certainly benefit from that service that we offer. We -- that part of the business is relatively new, of course, compared to the domain name business. So learning how to optimize it, improve the quality of revenue, more efficiently onboard customers, provision them better, more efficiently, these are all the kinds of things that we're constantly working on. But at this point, we're not reporting it separately, and I can't tell you when that might happen.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Could you elaborate a little bit on what you mean by improve the quality? Has it been a lumpy business? Have you seen a lot of customer churn there?
D. James Bidzos: What we've said in the past and is still true today is that initially, when we launched this business a couple of years ago, the primary focus was to see how it might grow and to pursue bookings. And what we're doing now is optimizing it. It's basically aligning revenue. We're focusing more on revenue rather than bookings and aligning revenue with expenses better and improving the quality of revenue, primarily translating into better margins.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then second, as I think about new name growth, you've had kind of a flat 6 months here in terms of new names, and you have a tough comp coming up year-over-year in Q1. Just how should we think about new name growth in 2013 and how that helps contribute to overall net new name growth?
George E. Kilguss: Well, again, as I mentioned, Rob, I mean, our guidance implies about a 4% to 6% zone growth, so that would be your net numbers. We gave you guidance for the first quarter of what we think our first quarter net addition would be in the 2 million to 2.4 million names. Excuse me, so clearly, that is below what we achieved in the prior year. And what you're seeing in some of that estimation is clearly some of the trends we're seeing, even though the renewal rate seems to be stabilizing and looks to be upticking between last quarter. Some of the cautiousness of the changes that we've seen in the international economy as well are factored into our guidance for 2013. Now we'll continue to monitor that. And as we get more information, we'll fully update the market on that. But those are the factors that are really baked into our 2013 guidance at the present.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, don't forget also, Rob, that we're currently at 121.1 million names in the com/net zone. So as the zone gets bigger, you would expect that the rate of growth would start to basically decline a bit, the law of large numbers, et cetera, coming into effect. In answer to an earlier question as well, I might add, about the renewal rate in the second half of 2013, I believe was the question we had earlier, that the larger zone, the aging zone should theoretically at least yield higher renewal rates as the growth rate tends to slack off. Those are more of the moving parts, so it's just really hard to say. As the zone gets older and it gets larger, the growth dynamics of it change. And as George mentioned, the market's changing as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Two more follow-ups. One, on the capital discussion that you're having specifically to repatriating cash, can you talk to us a little bit about what some of the hurdles or things that you have to consider in repatriating that cash beyond just paying the taxes to bring it back?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. I can give you some insight. I mean, we're still working that and we'll have more to say next quarter. But clearly, there's a couple things or factors that we need to consider. One is that cash that we have international, like most firms, is part of our international tax structure. And as a result, on the cash we generate overseas, we pay a much lower effective tax rate. So to the extent we were to evaluate any type of repatriation in addition to understanding the tax rate that you'd have to pay, we have to take into consideration how that may disrupt our international tax structure over there, with 40% of our business over there, and would that actually increase our effective tax rate on the monies earned over there if we were to change that tax structure. In addition, we'd also have to look at any other taxes that may -- may or may not incur as a result of taking that cash back with the international entity that we contracted with in setting up that structure. So there may be some other taxes, whether it be exit tax or some other type of tax that may be incurred if you were to make significant changes. And so we're looking at that tax structure. We're looking at our planning and our forecasting, where we're generating our revenues, and it's really those factors that could create potentially increased liability or forego some of the benefits that we've already put in place with the effective tax rate we have over there, which is a much lower effective tax rate to the United States.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. And Sterling, I would just -- it's Jim. I would just add to that, too. At least if you look backwards in the past, when opportunities have presented themselves, in the fourth quarter of 2011 for example, we had an opportunity with some previously taxed income to do a repatriation. When those opportunities have presented themselves, we've taken advantage of them. But I think it's complex. It's part of our international tax structure, as George said. And we're in the same boat as numerous other American companies with offshore cash essentially for the same reasons.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And one housekeeping question. Can you give us a sense of the total names up for renewal in the first quarter versus what it was in the first quarter of 2012?
D. James Bidzos: Yes. We can find that number here. That's $27.2 million.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what was it in…
D. James Bidzos: Oh, sorry, the year-ago number?
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
D. James Bidzos: $25.2 million.
Operator: We want to take our next question from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, I know you're not breaking out NIA, it's obviously too small a business at this point. But just looking back at 2012, how did your – qualitatively, how did your NIA business perform relative to your initial expectations?
D. James Bidzos: Well, if you mean by initial, expectations of roughly a year ago when we started streamlining it or optimizing it, or from 2 years ago?
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Exactly, from 1 year ago.
D. James Bidzos: From a year ago, I'd say it's performing in line with our expectations.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And any thoughts in terms of headcount for 2013 versus 2012? Are you expecting any change in either direction?
D. James Bidzos: Let's see. Our current headcount, I believe, is roughly…
George E. Kilguss: Well, roughly 1,100.
D. James Bidzos: [indiscernible] something like that, yes.
George E. Kilguss: So we have some -- as always, we have in our budget some planned headcount in different departments but it doesn't appear, well, I can tell you, it's not material right now from our perspective. But clearly, as businesses have different needs and as they change, we absolutely add headcount in certain areas. To the extent we have those skill sets internally and we can adjust, we'll do that. But there are some times when we don't have the skill set in house and we have to go outside for that, so we do have some headcount budgeted to add in fiscal ‘13.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, George, on the cash flow statement, you had a pretty big benefit this quarter from accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Just wondering if you would provide some color as to why that was so strong in the December period.
George E. Kilguss: We can follow up on you that, but it has to do with our Synnex benefit. The share price declined, and as a result, we had a change in the embedded derivative related to our Synnex instrument as the stock price declined. But we can follow up on the specifics on that if you'd like.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dan Cummins with B. Riley & Company.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: First question for George. In thinking about spending and in anticipation of kind of the back-end registry mandates. Can you give us a sense, if you took brand assignments on the one hand, presuming that those would be fixed priced arrangements because the volumes would not be significant, would spending for something like that be in the tens of thousands of dollars, perhaps, as opposed to something like a mandate like running.web, something that could actually scale? In that instance, do you anticipate that preparatory spending could be as much as $1 million or $2 million? Can you just kind of give us a sense of what to think about as these new generic TLDs go live, kind of your spending profile ahead of those? And then I have a follow-up.
D. James Bidzos: Okay, this is Jim. Let me just make a general comment about that, and then I'll let George or Pat weigh in. First of all, as I mentioned earlier, we have the infrastructure in place already to support multiple TLDs. So essentially, the larger investments to create the infrastructure and the framework, to operate multiple TLDs is something we already have in place. As far as the individual cost per TLD, whether it's a brand or whether it's a distributed TLD, I'm not sure that we can into that level of detail or even explain what it is or even if there is that much difference. I'll let Pat weigh in on what sort of provisioning there is there.
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, so it's a task. The mainframe platform, as Jim mentioned earlier, is really -- it's already set up and designed to onboard these new gTLDs. And then our resolution sites, we've got 74 or 75 around the globe that are positioned strategically that we can actually run traffic through. And as that traffic continues to grow, we'll scale those sites based upon the same decision process we take today.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: And just on hand -- do you know how many of those so-called distributed TLDs you have in hand right now of the 220?
Patrick S. Kane: It's between 8% and 10%.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. My other question was for George or for Jim. When George talked in very specific terms, I think it was on the July call, about the possibility of levering up the company, I think you were talking about your gross debt EBITDA being around 3, I think. You said that those decisions would be made very carefully in the context of your risk profile. And I apologize if this was asked on the November call, but I was kind of out of the loop. But do you feel like the company's risk profile has changed significantly as a result of what Congress has done or not?
George E. Kilguss: That's a good question. I think, clearly, with the certainty of the contract renewed I think -- excuse me, that from a timing perspective, clearly, that gives us certainty over the next 6 years. The risk of the company is a dynamic thing. We clearly have to position ourselves to protect the assets we have and to invest in growth. But I would say, in general, at the higher level, I don't think the risk profile has changed that dramatically year-over-year from before the renewal or after the renewal.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Craig Nankervis with First Analysis.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked, but I do have one. Just out of curiosity, can you talk at all about the linearity within a quarter of how names are renewed and how your progress towards the net new names may play out, especially in Q4? Is there a certain seasonality within the months of Q4 that is different than the other quarters? Or just is there any pattern that you've seen that you can just relate?
George E. Kilguss: Well, clearly, with regard to names or new additions there, there is seasonality. In the fourth quarter, we clearly see things trail off as you get close to the holidays. The last few weeks of December, everybody's on holiday and they go away. We have a similar phenomenon typically in the first quarter that surrounds the Chinese New Year where when that happens it slows down for a period of time. And we've also seen in previous quarters that revenue or -- I'm sorry, new units have grown dramatically in the first quarter as a lot of registrars have run promotions in the first quarter. So it varies from quarter-to-quarter. From a revenue perspective, however, you probably wouldn't see a lot of difference in seasonality as the majority of the revenue gets accreted into revenue as a result of our deferred revenue, and we're amortizing the bulk of that over the course of the year ratably.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Sure, sure. Yes, I understand the revenue side. I was just sort of curious about the actual renewals themselves and some of the patterns within the quarter, that's all.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Scott Kessler with Standard & Poor's.
Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research: So obviously, there's been a lot of talk on this call and I guess the prior couple of calls perhaps, Jim, about patents. I think you talked about some of the areas where you have patents. I think you mentioned 200 patenting applications in the U.S. I'm wondering if you could somehow quantify both more recent activity related to patents. For example, I think I saw recently that you guys were awarded some sort of patent related to automated country code registrations in bulk. And I'm also wondering if, especially in light of the Department of Commerce and its involvement in the company, if you have concerns about the possibility that increased, let's say, monetization efforts around patents could potentially lead to some type of regulatory issue or concern.
D. James Bidzos: Well, let's see. First of all, we, in late 2011, we stepped up our innovation efforts. We funded a larger innovation effort. We increased our research activities. And that started to yield a step-up in patent applications. There was a step-up back in 2008 but a bigger step-up in innovation in general, in R&D in particular, in late 2011. So we've been quite active in the last year, and there have been a number of applications that have been submitted. So I think that's where we're getting that from. We have not, in the past, asserted any patents or really exploited our patent portfolio. In terms of how we would do that or would there be any issues associated with any regulatory aspect of doing that, I guess I certainly can't think of any. There are certainly regulated utilities and other regulated entities that have patents, that monetize patents. I can't imagine that would be an issue for us. We're certainly entitled to exploit our intellectual property and to seek revenue streams where we can find them. And we're certainly motivated to do that given the flat pricing that we'll have over the next 6 years. So I guess the short answer to your question is I don't believe that should be any issue at all for us. Intellectual property is a company asset. And we're a public company, and it's our responsibility to exploit those assets for the benefit of the company and its shareholders and we certainly intend to do that. Having said that, patents are an asset for any company. They do help the community. There are inventions that get published and the company is entitled to benefit from those inventions and after 17 years they fall into the public domain, so I think that's the way the system works. I don't think that should have any impact on us in terms of any regulatory fallout associated with that. It's just simply an asset that's growing, that's valuable and that we are looking at in ways we haven't looked at before.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Atchley, at this time, I will turn the call over back to you for any additional and closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services
Analysts: Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the third quarter 2012 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the presentation over to Mr. David Atchley.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on VeriSign's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I'm David Atchley, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the third quarter 2012 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. As you will have seen from the press release, we have some important news about the status of the renewal of the .com agreement. I'll begin with the news on the .com renewal and then George and I will cover the key highlights for the quarter, and then we'll turn to your questions. By terms in an agreement between the Department of Commerce and VeriSign called the Cooperative Agreement, we submitted our agreement with ICANN, to service the authoritative registry operator for the .com registry to the Commerce Department for its review on June 26, 2012. As a result of communications beginning in October 2012 with the Commerce Department, we learned that the Commerce Department was conducting a review of pricing with the Department of Justice. We believe this review, which we are participating in, may continue beyond November 30, 2012, in which case a 6-month extension of the .com registry agreement would become effective. We want to emphasize that nothing has happened that changes the risk of our running .com. We expect to continue to be the registry operator of .com. Our record on security and stability has been acknowledged by the Commerce Department. We are involved in discussions with the Commerce and Justice Departments as they review the pricing terms in the .com renewal agreement. These discussions are ongoing and could extend beyond November 30. We will work diligently with them through the review process. Because of our discussions on this matter are ongoing, I'm not going to go into more detail. We will, however, update you when appropriate regarding new information. I'll now review the key highlights of the third quarter. The third quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign and we continue to see benefits from our restructuring focus and discipline. In Naming, we processed 7.8 million new registrations in the third quarter while adding 1.37 million .net names, finishing the quarter with 119.9 million names in the domain name base. Our balance sheet remains strong, with $1.5 billion in cash and marketable securities. During the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.7 million shares for $77 million. Through the first 3 quarters of 2012, we have repurchased approximately 5.4 million shares for $221 million and we have approximately $610 million remaining in our share repurchase program which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. In our Naming business, the base of registered names in .com equaled 105 million names, while .net equaled 14.9 million names. The total base of registered names in .com and .net was 119.9 million at the end of September. This represents an increase of 7.1% year-over-year and 1% quarter-over-quarter. In the third quarter, we added 1.37 million .net names to the domain name base and we processed 7.8 million new registrations, down 1% compared with the same period a year ago. In the second quarter of 2012, the overall renewal rate was 72.9%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2012 will be approximately 72.3%. This rate compares to 73.3% achieved in the third quarter of 2011. Net number of names added to the domain base during the third quarter were below our guidance, primarily driven by 2 factors. First, the continuing effects of changes in search algorithms we discussed during last quarter. Search engine adjustments made over the past several months continue to affect the economics which drive domain monetization. As noted in our last earnings call, we have seen these search engine changes in the past, which have impacted our first time renewing names and our overall renewal rates. Historically, the domain monetization community has adjusted to such changes over several quarters. We have no way of knowing how long they'll be impacted by the changes being made in the current environment, but we are now experiencing the second quarter of these effects. Secondly, we are seeing some signs suggesting that macroeconomic headwinds, particularly in Europe, are also leading to softer international renewal rates. Given these 2 factors, we expect the fourth quarter .net names added to the base to be between 0.9 million and 1.3 million names. As discussed on the last call, we post updates to the zone on our website at least once per day. With this increased transparency, you'll be able to track how the zone is growing throughout the fourth quarter. Our NIA business continues to exhibit good year-over-year revenue growth. We continue to focus our efforts to scale the NIA business to achieve quality of revenue and stable growth while better aligning expenses with revenue. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, George Kilguss.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the 3 months ended September 30, 2012, the company generated revenue of $224 million, up 13% from a year ago and up 4% sequentially. During the quarter, the company delivered GAAP operating income of $116 million, up 30% from $89 million in the third quarter of 2011. GAAP operating margin in the quarter also improved to 51.9% compared to 45.2% in the comparable quarter a year ago, which was as a result of both top line growth and stable costs during the quarter. GAAP net income totaled $78 million compared to $59 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $0.47 in the quarter on a GAAP basis. As Jim mentioned, our balance sheet remains strong. As of September 30, 2012, the company maintained total assets of approximately $2 billion, of which $1.5 billion was in cash and marketable securities. Of the $1.5 billion, approximately $250 million was domestic with the remainder held overseas. Total liabilities remained at approximately $2 billion as of the third quarter, up from $1.9 billion at year end. As you may have noticed, during the latter part of the third quarter, the stock price exceeded the convertible debenture conversion trigger of $44.68, which means holders of the convertible debentures have the option of converting them into common stock during the fourth quarter. Therefore, in accordance with GAAP, the debt component of the convertible debentures, the related embedded derivatives and the deferred tax liability were reclassified from long-term liabilities to current liabilities, while the associated unamortized debt issuance costs were reclassified from long-term assets to current assets as of September 30, 2012. Total debt on the balance sheet was $703 million at quarter end, consisting of $100 million of outstandings drawn under the $200 million credit facility and the $603 million present value of the $1.2 billion in convertible debentures. The convertible debentures continue to be accreted onto our balance sheet up to its $1.25 billion par value over its 25-year remaining term. I'll now review some of our key third quarter operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2012 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $224 million for the third quarter, up 13% year-over-year. Approximately 60% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S. and 40% was from foreign customers. Revenue from international sources grew 14.7% in the third quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago and slightly faster than our domestic source revenue, which grew 12.7% for the same comparative period. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $809 million, an $80 million increase from year end. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $10 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $98 million and was down 1% sequentially. G&A operating expenses increased in the quarter, primarily driven by an increase in legal and related expenses of $3.9 million due to efforts supporting the Department of Commerce review of our renewal of .com Registry Agreement with ICANN and the legal advice related to ICANN's new gTLD program. These increased expenses were expected as part of the .com renewal process and the new gTLD program, and were offset by lower sales and marketing expense in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter continued to expand and totaled 56.4% compared to 54% in the second quarter of 2012. Our third quarter operating margin improvement was driven by revenue growth and our ability to obtain operational efficiencies to help offset rising cost, which allowed us to keep total expenses in line with the previous quarter. We will continue to look for further efficiencies in our business model and other ways to benefit our operating margin. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $84 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.50 compared to $0.39 in the third quarter of 2011 and $0.45 last quarter. With respect to taxes, as stated on our last earnings call, starting from the third quarter, we are using a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share calculations. We continue to use the 30% non-GAAP tax rate for prior periods presented. In 2012, we expect to pay cash taxes of about $35 million to $45 million. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 166.6 million shares in the third quarter compared to 164.2 million shares in the second quarter of this year. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was approximately 9.2 million shares based on the average share price during the quarter, an increase of 3.6 million shares from the second quarter. This increase was partially offset by the full impact of Q2 share repurchase activity and the weighted impact of the 1.7 million shares repurchased during the quarter. Operating cash flow was $122 million for the third quarter, down from $135 million in the second quarter of this year and up compared to $108 million for the same quarter last year. Free cash flow was $117 million for the third quarter of 2012, including $9 million in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and excluding $14 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. With respect to guidance, we now think revenues for 2012 should be in the range of $870 million to $875 million, representing an annual growth rate of about 13%. We gave a range of $870 million to $880 million on the last call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Q4 2012 exit non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be at least 55%. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is still expected to be an expense of approximately $39 million for 2012, and capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be slightly lower and fall between 6% to 7% of revenue. We gave a range of 6% to 8% on our last call. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business and increased operating efficiencies in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, we continue to demonstrate sound financial performance in the third quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income, we have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before opening the call to your questions, I would like to give you a progress update on our execution against the strategic framework we shared with you during our last call. Our strategic framework is how we're thinking about the business across 4 areas of focus that we believe will drive value creation. These 4 areas are to protect, grow, innovate and manage the business effectively. First, we protect the business by providing unparalleled registry services and network performance while acting as responsible stewards for the infrastructure which we operate. As discussed earlier, we will continue to work with the Department of Commerce towards the renewal of our .com agreement. Second, with respect to growth, as you may have noticed, ICANN has given updates to its timeline and process for their new gTLD program. As you may recall, 12 of our 14 applications were for IDN versions of .com and .net. Third, as evidenced by our continued filing of patent applications, we are focused on innovation and value creation through new services that we can build around the Domain Name System. And fourth, we believe in managing the business responsibly from a financial perspective. We believe that continuing to deliver on these 4 areas, with the right balance, should provide unparalleled performance for our customers, businesses and consumers that rely on our critical infrastructure as well as creating value for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Appreciating there may not be a lot you could say, just wondering is there anything else you could give us in terms of this process going forward here with DOC and DOJ and particularly, what type of information have they asked you for at this point?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Walter, this is Jim. We're in that process so it would really be inappropriate to say anything about the process itself. But let me just reiterate that the status of our ability to operate .com is not an issue here. The performance, in terms of security and stability, is not an issue. As you recall, in the Cooperative Agreement, the Commerce Department gives its consent to what we negotiated with ICANN and it approves that agreement based on the public interest, which is defined as security and stability and registry services on reasonable prices, terms and conditions. It consults with other agencies, as necessary, in its review. That's the process we're in. We're engaged with them. There is a possibility that it will not be complete by November 30, as we said in our press release and as we've reiterated here. And I wish I could tell you more but I think that's probably the appropriate amount of information given that we're in the process. As soon as we can, we'll share more information with you.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just, George, did you give us a number of names up for renewal or if not, could you give us that number?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, I'd be happy to, Walter. The number of names up for renewal in the fourth quarter is 24 million names.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm curious if the DOT gave an indication. Are they reviewing the level of current pricing or the price increases as indicated in the new contract that's proposed?
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim again. Well, they have a review process, they have the right to review and that's what they're doing. We're in that process. I think to provide any level of detail, it's inappropriate. The process isn't complete. I can only tell you that we're participating in it. We'd like it to be done by November 30, but it is possible that it will extend beyond that. And until we're ready to tell you more, I think that's probably all the information we can give you at this point.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And one follow-up on the actual business. The number of new names processed was actually down, you mentioned the macroeconomic. Is there any particular countries in Europe or can you also talk through any programs that you may have done in the quarter or plan to do to try to invigorate the new name adoption?
George E. Kilguss: Sterling, this is George. In the quarter, we absolutely saw that -- well, obviously, .net names are a function of both gross additions, less the deleting names and we took a look at the additions in the quarter, they total about $7.8 million as compared to about 7.9 million names in the last year. So it was down about 1% in that comparative period and when you look at the names deleting out of the zone, we saw those deletions be about 6.4 million this quarter versus about 5.9 million a year ago. So we absolutely have seen an increase in deletions. And when we look at those deletions, we're seeing an increase in them in the international markets. And so our renewal rates, internationally, have come down a little bit. We are still doing more analysis on it, we don't have it by country, but it just seems to be related to the European economy in general is where we're seeing the deletes increase year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Unknown Analyst: This is Harris Higher [ph] on behalf of Phil Winslow. We were hoping you could comment a little bit on international domain names and expectations going forward into 2013?
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat, Harris. We take a look at the growth opportunities for international domain names, as George said previously, we do see a little bit of drawdown in the European markets. However, we do continue to see growth in India and China and other Asia-Pac countries. And so I think that when you take a look at what our 2013 focus will be in terms of growth opportunities, it really will be China and India. So I think there's good growth coming from those areas.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So back to the Department of Commerce. Has the Department of Justice ever been involved with reviewing a contract before in the past?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. They were involved back in 2006 when the Cooperative Agreement was put together and the associated amendment. The Commerce Department is the party with which VeriSign has entered into the Cooperative Agreement, and the Commerce Department has the responsibility for review and the obligations to VeriSign to act in the public interest against the 2 standards in the agreement, security and stability and registry services. It consults with other government agencies. The Justice Department was involved back in 2006, so this is not the first time that they've been involved.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And would you care to handicap the probability of the pricing terms changing possibly before the agreement is adopted?
D. James Bidzos: I think given the process and where it is right now, I think it would be -- well, under most circumstances, it would be inappropriate for me to do that as much as I may want to. But no, I can't do that. At this point I think given the process which is really the Commerce Department's process, although we are involved in it, that would be inappropriate for me to comment on.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just lastly, you've mentioned the fact that Google had tweaked the search engine. Last quarter, you called that out for us. I'm just trying to understand exactly, maybe get more color on what that means. Does that simply mean that certain sites on Google search simply are not ranked high enough? And the reason I ask that is it seems that a lot of these domainer sites really are not got to through Google, they mostly are got to through native search. So trying to understand a little bit more color on what's happening and the impact on those sites.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. So basically, what happens with -- what they're trying to attempt to do is to push those search results down further in the rankings. And so therefore, Google is trying to push that down to increase -- or any algorithm search engine is trying to increase their own revenue. So basically, these domains end up being further down in the search results and those are clicked on less. I mean that's it's -- basically, that's the basics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gray Powell with Wells Fargo.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So I hate to belabor the issue but just sticking with the DOC, maybe could you just state your case for why you think the pricing for the .com contract should remain unchanged? And then, what do you say to proponents that would potentially argue that you are over earning on the contracts?
D. James Bidzos: Let's see, this is Jim. I think the first question goes to process and it's probably inappropriate for me to comment on. Your second question about -- is your question about our earnings?
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No. If someone looks at your operating margins and says you guys have like a 55% operating margin and a very good business and you're potentially earning too much on the .com contract, what do you say to them to counter that argument?
D. James Bidzos: I think most of what I would say probably falls under the process that we're currently in. But I would say to you that as we say, as we mentioned earlier during the call, as I talked about and as George talked about, it is, to a large extent, the efficiencies that we see in the business, I think, are due to the fact that we've been running the business more efficiently. Recall of course, that we've just completed a major 5-year restructuring going from over 5,000 employees to about 1,000, shedding numerous non-core businesses, having cash that is a result of proceeds from the sale of non-core businesses, a long-term 5-year divestiture program, and our focus on managing the business efficiently and on operating discipline and on being very focused. So I would say that I think we've done a very good job over the last 5 years of optimizing the business, running it very efficiently, understanding where we are. 2011 was the first year that we really operated on a full year basis as sort of the new VeriSign, focused on one particular business, that being the Registry Services business. Prior to that, we were always something else. It wasn't until past the midpoint of 2010 that we actually completed the sale of the Authentication business. So we've just come off in 2011 and now in 2012, the first year and second year of actually being a focused registry business and it takes some time to adjust to that and as we've adjusted, we've discovered efficiencies because we focus on it. We operate the business efficiently, we target efficient operation. Generally, the result of that is improving margins. So I would say that, that's a very important part of VeriSign's margin story and its efficient business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I'll move past the DOC questions. I know you're obviously restricted, Jim, in terms of what you can say from here, but I do want to follow up on an earlier question. There's been a lot of talk around lower renewal rates due to the search algo changes and then also, macro issues related to Europe, but the fact that new name registrations did fall slightly year-over-year, wondering if you had any more insight into that. Is that something that was restricted to Europe or did you see any of that in the U.S. or some other regions as well?
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. Let me make a couple of comments to address that question, then I'll let George and Pat comment as appropriate here. First of all, you'll recall that back in 2009, that was really the first time that we saw a major change in search algorithms that targeted the monetization players who were essentially trying to exploit the search engine algorithm to get themselves placed higher in results so that they could drive traffic and monetize it themselves. We saw that over a period of time, after those changes, there was some recovery and the monetization community adapted to it. We saw in 2012, changes which affected Q2, which we've discussed with you before. I think there is a more serious effort by the search engine algorithm players here to sort of clean up search results and improve the quality, as Pat said, to drive some of the monetization community down further. So we discussed in the last call, the Panda and Penguin programs, for example, that Google utilized where they were targeting content farms, they were targeting keyword stuffers and now they're also targeting exact name matches, which typically are monetization names often. So for example, if you search for purple blue widgets, and purplebluewidgets.com happens to be a registered domain, that in the past, would've been likely to score very high in the search results. However, if the search engine algorithm is tweaked to go out and consider other factors, the age of the domain, how many pages are on it, how fresh is some of the content and give it a score, essentially, on how likely it is that it's truly quality content that the searcher might be interested in versus something that had been set up for monetization purposes, I think the search engine algorithms are essentially targeting that kind of traffic to get it out. You'll also recall that back in 2009, we said that roughly 9% of the zone, as far as we could tell, were so-called advertising names. We're not at a point right now to tell you exactly what that number is today. But I think there might be some developments where other domains have sort of -- other TLDs have targeted in a sense, this monetization community and possibly, some of those names may have been drawn away over the years and moved to other areas, which is, in a sense, a good thing because it means that these changes, while they are making a difference and I know you see that every day, we do too, of course, and while it may take longer to recover depending on how intense and how sustained these campaigns are, the fact is that there may be fewer of these names to work on in .com because of the move to other TLDs. I know Pat watches this very, very closely and George does as well so I'll invite them to comment.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. So one of the types of models that Jim is referring to is the one that .tk runs. And so, .tk basically gives away domain registrations for a set of criteria which includes an ad revenue share. So we believe that there's some data that shows that people are using or going to that type of model and registering domains in .tk to drive pure registration without the initial investment that was required within a .com or a .net registration. Those domain names will be up for a while, they develop those names and then the .tk registry itself can take those names back if certain objectives aren't made with the registrar under the domain name, and therefore, continues to be a registration that is run by the registry operator itself.
George E. Kilguss: And only thing I would add, Gregg, is that if you look back historically, we do have a little bit of seasonality in the third quarter. Typically, Q1 and Q2 are always a little heavier from a gross registration perspective than Q3 and Q4 are. This particular year in 2012, we actually had an extraordinary strong Q1 and Q2 and so while numerically, decline looks a little steeper in Q3, Q3 this year is falling relatively on top of last year's Q3 gross adds from that perspective.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could just comment on the upside to the operating margin. Were there any unusual factors that led you to see incremental cost savings?
George E. Kilguss: So Ed, this is George Kilguss. So in the quarter in general, our total operating costs stayed relatively level with last quarter. We had some movements in the pieces, we saw general and administrative expenses increase by about $3.9 million related to some of the legal costs we had with the DOC and the new gTLD program. And they were offset by some lower spend in our sales and marketing. As you may have known, we had a transition in our leadership and our marketing area, and so we had some underspend in that area, at least in the third quarter. But we at least managed those costs and they offset one another in the quarter. So we, again, look for efficiencies but for example, in the fourth quarter, which we talked about, we will have a change in the ICANN registration fees. Those will go on a more variable basis, instead of a fixed basis. So they'll go up to about $0.25 per name. So starting December 1, we'll see the fees paid to ICANN increase in cost of about $750,000 a month. So costs do vary, but we're doing our best to try to offset those increased costs with efficiencies from the long tail of the restructuring.
D. James Bidzos: If I can just add to that, I agree entirely with what George said, I just feel that I should add the caveat, of course, as you know, we've just come off the restructuring, we've optimized, we've run the business much more efficiently, but I'm sure a lot of you have seen in the news recently, the number of DDoS attacks against financial institutions. Some of them sustained, some of them still continuing today, more sophisticated, larger in scale. I would just say that given the nature and growth of these attacks, obviously, we don't budget for the kinds of things that we might need to do to adapt as some of these attacks grow but it is a fact that you're seeing playing out in today's headlines every day, the kind of attacks against infrastructure, against targets for political or other reasons by nation states, at least, it's alleged in some cases. So the caveat is while we run the business very efficiently, events could of course, always dictate that we do need to make capital investments in order to stay ahead of the curve. That's how we got to where we are today with the uptime record that we have. Without getting into the process that we're in with DOC and DOJ, the question earlier about what sort of VeriSign's position is. I mean, I would just simply point out that VeriSign has an unparalleled record of performance in the operational availability of .com and .net and our focus is there and that's our first job and that's the primary requirement of the ICANN contract in terms of the SLAs and that's the first of our 4-part strategy framework, so we do focus there a lot. I think VeriSign's story sort of speaks for itself. We've supported an infrastructure that has allowed e-commerce to flourish and numerous billions of dollars of economic activity sit and rely on the infrastructure and I think it just simply speaks for itself that VeriSign is the secure and stable provider of that infrastructure, that's job 1 and whatever it takes to maintain that, we will.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And just any updates on some of the contracts you have for granting of new generic TLDs? I know you'd signed a number of the contracts before the bidding process went out and I'm just wondering if there had been any update to some of the arrangements you've had with your contacted parties?
D. James Bidzos: Let me just clarify. Are you talking about the applications we've made directly for the IDNs, the International...
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: No, the arrangements to provide back-end services?
D. James Bidzos: Oh, okay. For other brands who might want VeriSign to be their back-end service provider?
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Yes, precisely.
D. James Bidzos: Pat, go ahead, please.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. So Gregg, there's been no change in that from the standpoint of where we are. The application window closed so we're not able to take on additional partners at this time. But basically, that process is moving ahead as ICANN has planned. And basically, they've been able to keep a better target on their current timeline such that we believe that, that will transpire in fall of 2013.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Fred Zeigel with Topeka Capital Markets.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Pat, to you, a couple of questions. First, on the international side, has there been a .com to ccTLD displacement as far as you can tell? Second, ICANN apparently, I guess, at their last meeting, approved or didn't stand in the way of a cross-ownership of registries and registrars then -- you're probably a bit hamstrung given your market share but what are your thoughts on that?
Patrick S. Kane: Well, let me address the first one. So you're asking are people choosing .com or choosing the local ccTLD over .com at this point in time?
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Correct.
Patrick S. Kane: So there are some markets that certainly, some of the more established markets, that have a preference for the local ccTLD over .com. And if you take a look at Germany very specifically, DENIC, who runs .de, you've got a country with 83 million people and they've got 14 million or 15 million domain names registered in .de so there's a preference in markets like that. But there's still strong preference for .com in India, there's preference for .com in China as well as other nations that are growing. So it's a market by market but we don't see any major changes recently that we've been -- they've been fairly consistent for the last couple of years. And then the second one, where you're talking about where ICANN has announced that if registry operators want to move to the new contract, that vertical integration could be considered, correct?
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Correct.
Patrick S. Kane: So I think that's across the board that they've done that, I think that .com would of course, always be -- it's different. It will always be looked at differently and so I wouldn't suggest that, that's something that we would do if it was thrown out there but .com is always going to be looked at differently by Commerce and Justice, as Jim has talked about previously. So while it's available, I don't know that it's exactly available to .com.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Given your market share?
D. James Bidzos: I think it's hard to say. I mean that's an assessment that would be made on a case-by-case basis. But .com is different so it's really hard to say. We don't -- we haven't done any planning that would have us in a vertical integration scenario as an operating business. Our focus is really, security and stability first, and quite frankly, I think it might be awkward to actually act as a registrar ourselves. It's a very different business and as you may know, we were at one point, many years ago, in that business. When we first bought Network Solutions in June of 2000, it was of course, both a registry and a registrar and it wasn't until a few years later, I believe it was around 2003 when we sold off the retail part of that business and it was very different. So given the new sort of single focus that VeriSign is in right now, as a registry services provider, whose first mission is availability, when you consider for example, over the last 6 years, through a major restructuring, through the 2007, 2008, 2009 economic downturn, we've been able to maintain a record of security and stability. I'm sure a lot of you saw that just over the last few weeks, there were some major outages. I won't mention the names, but a large registrar and a large web services company just over the last few weeks had extended outages. If that happened to .com, I think there'd be a lot more tension, there'd be a lot more people affected, there'd be a lot more economic loss. So I sort of like us as a model focused on doing one thing, which is providing absolutely secure and stable infrastructure because there is just too much that depends on it here.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A question for George. We're at 56.4% non-GAAP operating margins in Q3 and you're suggesting or guiding to 55% plus in Q4, are we looking at higher ICANN expenses related to the $3.9 million from Q3?
George E. Kilguss: We absolutely will see increased expenses from ICANN in Q4. Having said that, we'll only have about 1 month of that. We still believe we'll be in excess of 55%, but we do have rising cost and we continue to look for opportunities to offset those rising costs as we move forward.
D. James Bidzos: And don't forget, in the ICANN agreement, in addition to the increased ICANN fees under the new .com registry agreement negotiated with ICANN, there are also far more stringent SLAs so we need to pay attention to that as well. So kind of paying higher fees and asked to do a little bit more, but that's what VeriSign does at .com.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is under .com?
George E. Kilguss: Correct. This is under .com.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is under the .com registry agreement.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Under which -- under the new agreement that hasn't been approved?
D. James Bidzos: Well, under the agreement that was negotiated and approved with ICANN. It contains different ICANN fees that we pay, which George talked about. And it also includes more stringent SLAs. We are actually going to be -- we are already operating, obviously, as you know, given our uptime record. We are already operating beyond any published SLAs but the contract itself specifies the service levels that we have to provide and those have actually been made more stringent for VeriSign in the new agreement. So there's some good benefits for ICANN in that agreement.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Those expenses to you would not begin until the 1st of December? Am I understanding you right or no?
George E. Kilguss: It would commence with the renewal of the agreement, which ...
D. James Bidzos: Once the new agreement takes over, we are paying the higher ICANN fees.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Last question quickly to Jim. NIA, any update on what you're doing there?
D. James Bidzos: We're doing what we started saying, I believe, 2 or 3 quarters ago, that we were going to optimize NIA, we were going to structure it better for better quality of revenue. That originally when it was put together, it was focused on bookings growth. We've stopped focusing on bookings. We now focus on revenue and we're aligning expense with revenue and I'll just say that the team has really been working hard there and we've made really good progress and we're pleased with the direction that, that's moving. So it's more of the same, but we're very happy with the progress that we're making. I think that was the right thing for us to do and it's going well. I think that probably, it's helping us contribute to our efficient business, improving margins, increased revenue. It's not obviously, material or large enough that we call it out separately but it's moving in the right direction and we're very pleased with it.
Frederick D. Ziegel - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do we get to 10% of revenues in 2013 at some point?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I don't want to give any guidance here, but I don't think that's -- I don't think you should expect that to happen. I don't believe it will be material in 2013, let me put it that way.
Operator: We will take our last question from Jaimin Soni with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. First, if you look at the .net domain name adds this quarter, is it possible to quantify just how much of the delta versus guidance came from the search engine changes versus macro? And then, looking at guidance for next quarter, at the midpoint, it's a pretty big downtick versus what we've seen in prior fourth quarters in the past 3, 4 years. I'm just wondering is it more macro there or also a similar impact from search engine changes?
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim, let me just make a general comment then I'll ask Pat to give you a little bit more color. Yes, there were some macroeconomic headwinds, as we said earlier, particularly in Europe. Certainly, the search engine algorithm changes are a very large factor. Every year and every quarter that the zone grows, we see the law of large numbers, as we refer to it, come into play as well. Clearly, percentage growth will slow as the size of the zone gets larger. So there are a number of different factors. We have some analytics but we don't break that out separately but perhaps Pat can give you a little bit of color.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. When you take a look at the renewal rate, that's largely -- where we've seen the shortfalls, really it's largely coming from monetization-type customers. I mean, that's individuals with large portfolios of domains, making pennies off of hundreds of thousands of domains, taking a look at what makes sense for their portfolio. So I would attribute the renewal rate more towards monetization than the macroeconomic trends right now although there's some in there. When you take a look at the new units, things that we have coming out of Europe right now, we're seeing registrars position domain names in the purchase flow that benefit local currency. So they're paying -- if it's a euro-based country, they're taking euro-based registrations and then we, of course, take all of our registrations in U.S. dollars. So there's some of that, that we see as part of the slight shortfall that we have in new units.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Atchley for concluding remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive officer and President George E. Kilguss - Chief Financial Officer Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the VeriSign Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on VeriSign's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I am David Atchley, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer. I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; George Kilguss, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the second quarter 2012 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include GAAP and non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and George will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The second quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign, and we're pleased with the results. In Naming, we processed 8.4 million new registrations in Q2, a second quarter record, while adding 1.81 million net names, finishing the quarter with 118.5 million names in the domain name base. We were also able to achieve ongoing operating margin expansion through disciplined operations. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.4 billion in cash and marketable securities. During the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.9 million shares for $76 million. Thus far, in 2012, we have repurchased approximately 3.7 million shares or about $144 million, and we have approximately $687 million remaining in our share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. On June 23, 2012, ICANN approved the renewal of VeriSign's agreement to service the operator of the .com registry for the term commencing on December 1, 2012, through November 30, 2018. As you may know, the .com renewal agreement terms, including the pricing provisions, are substantially the same as the terms contained in the existing agreement, except for new provisions regarding indemnification and audit rights. The U.S. Department of Commerce, under an agreement called the Cooperative Agreement, is now reviewing the renewal of the .com registry agreement. We expect their approval on the renewal of the .com agreement by November 30. During the month of July, we marked 15 years of uninterrupted uptime for the .com and .net zone infrastructure. This is a tremendous achievement and I would like to recognize the efforts of our engineering and operation teams for meeting this milestone. We continue to make protecting our DNS infrastructure a priority, while continuing to meet and exceed requirements of our service-level agreements. I'll comment now on second quarter operating highlights. In our Naming business, the base of registered names in .com equaled 103.7 million names, while .net equaled 14.8 million names. The total base of registered names in common net was approximately 118.5 million at the end of June. This represents increases of 7.8% year-over-year and 1.6% quarter-over-quarter. In the second quarter, we added 1.81 million net names to the domain name base and we processed 8.4 million new registrations or a 4.2% increase in new registrations over the same period a year ago. The first quarter of 2012 renewal rate was 73.9%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2012 will be approximately 72.9%. This rate compares to 73.1% achieved in the second quarter of 2011. While Q2 is our second strongest quarter on record for new registrations, our net names added to the domain name base was at the low end of our guidance, primarily driven by what appears to be a softer-than-expected preliminary Q2 renewal rate. Our first time renewal rate was the main driver of the decrease in the preliminary second quarter renewal rate. First time renewal rates are driven by many factors, and 2 factors had incremental impacts in the second quarter. First, search engine adjustments made over the past several months affected the economics, which drove domain monetization rates in the first half of 2012. While monetization rates have increased for better performing sites, lower performing sites do not seem to be benefiting. We believe that some of these first time renewing, lower performing sites did not renew during the quarter as a result of these changes, leading to the lower renewal rate. We have seen these search engine changes in the past and the resulting impacts on first time renewing names and our overall renewal rate. Historically, the domain monetization community has adjusted within several months. Secondly, we also believe that some additional promotional activity by registrars during the middle of 2011 led to a lower first time renewal rate this year. We expect the third quarter net names added to the base to be between 1.6 million and 1.9 million names, reflecting continued growth in the underlying drivers of the Internet and seasonality. Also, please note that starting tonight, we will make available a summary of the number of active domain names registered in the .com and net registries and the number of .com and .net domain names that are registered but not configured for use in the respective top-level domain zone file. This information will be available from links on our corporate and Investor Relations website, which will also include definitions and explanations of the data. This additional information will continue to increase transparency into the overall size of common net zones as well as increase the frequency that this summary level information is available. Our NIA business continues to exhibit steady year-over-year bookings growth. We are focusing our efforts to scale the NIA business to achieve quality of revenue and stable growth while better aligning expenses with revenue. Now, let me turn over the call to our CFO, George Kilguss.
George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to be with you today and to now be part of the VeriSign team. For the 3 months ended June 30, 2012, the company generated revenue of $214 million, up 13% from year-ago level and 4% sequentially. Of note, during the second quarter, revenue included an out-of-period adjustment that reduced revenue by reclassifying approximately $1.8 million from previously recognized revenue back into deferred revenue. Without this onetime reclassification, revenue would have approached $216 million in the quarter. During the quarter, the company also delivered GAAP operating income of $107 million, up 30% from $82 million in the second quarter of 2011. GAAP operating margin in the quarter also improved to 50%, up from 43% from the comparable period a year ago, which was a result of expenses remaining relatively flat from year-ago levels. GAAP net income totaled $68 million compared to a GAAP net loss of $11 million a year earlier. As Jim mentioned, our balance sheet remains strong. As of June 30, 2012, the company maintained total assets of $1.9 billion, of which $1.4 billion was in cash and marketable securities. Of this $1.4 billion total, approximately $250 million was domestic with the remainder held overseas. Total liabilities were $2 billion as of the second quarter, up slightly from $1.9 billion at year end. Total debt on the balance sheet was $698 million at quarter end, consisting of $100 million of outstandings drawn under our $200 million credit facility and the $598 million present value of our $1.25 billion in convertible debentures. The convertible debentures will continue to be accreted onto our balance sheet to its $1.25 billion face value over its 25-year remaining term. Let me now recap our performance for the second quarter for our key operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow, then I will discuss our 2012 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $214 million in the second quarter, up 13% year-over-year. Approximately 60% of our revenue was derived in the U.S. and 40% was from foreign operations. Revenue from international sources grew 14.7% in the second quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago and slightly faster than our domestic-sourced revenue, which grew 11.6% for the same comparative period. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $804 million, a $75 million increase from year end and $90 million increase from the second quarter of 2011. Second quarter non-GAAP operating expenses, which excludes $8.5 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $99 million and was flat sequentially. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter continued to expand and totaled 54% compared to 51.9% in the first quarter of 2012. Our second quarter operating margin improvement was driven by revenue growth and our ability to keep expenses in line with the previous quarter. We will continue to look for further efficiencies in our business model and other ways to improve our operating margin. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $74 million, resulting in a non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.45 compared to $0.38 in the second quarter of 2011 and $0.42 last quarter. Now I would like to update you on our taxes. As mentioned earlier, our international markets are growing slightly faster than our domestic markets. As a result, the proportion of income being generated overseas is also increasing. Our foreign income is taxed at a lower marginal rate than our domestic income that we expect to see an improvement in our blended tax rate over time. Accordingly, we believe a more reasonable estimate of our non-GAAP tax rate would be 28% going forward, down from our previous estimate of 30%. We expect to use a 28% non-GAAP tax rate when reporting third quarter 2012 non-GAAP results. In 2012, we now expect to pay cash taxes of about $35 million to $45 million. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 164 million shares in the second quarter compared to 163 million shares in the first quarter of this year. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was approximately 5.6 million shares based on the average share price during the quarter, an increase of 3.1 million shares from Q1. This increase was partially offset by the full impact of Q1 share repurchase activity and the weighted impact of the 1.9 million shares repurchased during the current quarter. Operating cash flow was $135 million for the quarter, up from $110 million in Q1 of this year and up compared to $13 million for the same quarter last year, which included a $100 million contingent interest payment to convertible bondholders. Free cash flow was $130 million for the second quarter of 2012, including $8 million in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and excluding $13 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. With respect to 2012 guidance, we now think revenue for 2012 should be in the range of $870 million to $880 million, representing an annual growth rate of between 13% and 14%. We previously gave a range of $870 million to $890 million on the last call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Q4 2012 exit non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be at least 55%. We previously gave a lower range of 52% to 54% on our last call. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is now expected to be an expense of approximately $39 million for 2012 compared with the $38 million estimate given on our last call. And finally, capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be slightly lower and fall between 6% and 8% of revenue. We gave a 7% to 10% range on the last call. Our guidance is based on expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our business in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, we continue to experience solid performance in the second quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income, we have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now, I will turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. And before opening the call to your questions, I would like to share with you how we're thinking about the business across the 4 areas of focus that we believe will drive value creation. These 4 areas are to protect, grow, innovate and manage the business effectively. First, we protect the business by providing unparalleled registry services and network performance while acting as responsible stewards for the Internet infrastructure which we operate. We'll also continue to work with the Department of Commerce towards the renewal of our .com agreement. Second, in addition to the organic growth of our Naming business, we see new gTLDs in our NIA business as adjacent potential growth opportunities. Third, we continue to focus on innovation and value creation through new services that we can build around the domain name system. And fourth, we believe in managing the business responsibly from a financial perspective. We seek to run the business efficiently and effectively through managing costs and continued margin improvement. We believe that delivering on these 4 areas with a right balance should provide unparalleled performance for our customers and create value for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned the search engine changes heading the renewal rate, can you give us more color on that as well as was there anything else going on during the quarter that may have impacted the renewal rate?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Sterling, it's Jim. We think there were 2 main things that drove the slight reduction in the renewal rate. First of all, we mentioned that promotion by a large registrar that was very aggressive and led to an unusually larger number of first time renewing names, which I think, coupled with the changes in the search algorithm were the primary contributors to the reduced renewal rate. The monetization community out there has a history. This has happened before. It happened, as you recall, in 2008, and they have a history of rebounding. They generally sort of adapted the changes after 1 quarter or 2 at most. So we expect that to happen in this case, and all of that is factored into the guidance that we gave.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. Great. And you mentioned the 8.4 million new names that were added, can you give us a sense whether maybe international versus domestic, what kind of trends you're seeing in the new name portion of the net names?
D. James Bidzos: Yes. First of all, we obviously don't guide that to new adds, but I will say that -- point out that 8.4 million names is a record for the second quarter and the second highest overall. And I would like George to comment on the impact of domestic versus international.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're really seeing the international markets grow a little faster than domestically, and they grew 14.5% in the comparable period versus 11.6% domestically. So I think if you use those revenue growth rates, that should give you a consistent idea of the growth that we're seeing internationally versus domestic.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question on margins and then just the domain name guidance. Obviously, you guys have another big margin quarter this quarter and you raised the full year outlook or, I guess, ending -- end-of-the-year outlook. When you think about just your margin structure here, can you give a sense just for anything sort of just the incremental margins are? And especially when you get into potentially the renewal season next year, what are some of the changes to the contract and incremental fees just if that changes at all? And in terms of just the guidance for Q3 for net adds, just wondering what was behind that? Did you assume somewhat lower first year renewal rates or just what was baked into that?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Winslow, this is George speaking. So with regard to operating margin, clearly, we just updated our guidance to exit fourth quarter at least 55%. I think if you look back historically at how we've done from a margin expansion perspective, it's really come from our revenue growth. We've historically been a pretty good shepherd of our funds and maintaining our operating expenses in line, while we've had growth in between marketing or in between R&D. You've seen, we've managed that expense pretty well. As it relates to net adds guidance, clearly, as Jim mentioned, there have been some changes in the search algorithm and that typically takes a few quarters to wash through. And so we're just reflecting that experience into our current guidance for Q3.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Phil, this is Jim. I think you'd also asked about ICANN fees next year and its potential impact on margins. I guess I'll leave the math to everyone, but basically the changes in the ICANN .com contract took us from annual fees of roughly $17 million based on an alignment now. The change aligns us with their other registry agreements and it essentially puts us, based on a zone of roughly 100 million names, at about $25 million per year. So roughly $8 million additional ICANN fees in 2013 anticipated.
Operator: We'll now go to Walter Pritchard from Citi for our next question.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about the small reclassification of revenue back to deferred revenue. What was the driver there and is this something that could recur in the future?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Walter. The $1.8 million nonrecurring revenue charge was related to a system error of the seldom use feature in our revenue recognition database. One of our secondary controls caught the error in our quarterly review process and we made the out-of-period adjustment this quarter. We fixed that system issue, and we've actually implemented a number of additional processes and procedures to avoid this problem from recurring in the future.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then just on the renewal rate, I guess, I understand we've seen the search engine changes in the past, and I'm just wondering why you only saw it in the first time renewals and not in the base. It would seem like there probably were some names in the base as well that might have been infected by changes to the search engine and might have also had a lower renewal rate as the result?
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, Walter this is Pat. So we did see it across both the first time renewing names and the previously renewed names, but we saw a larger impact in the first time renewing names.
Operator: And we'll now go to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: In terms of new gTLDs, did you run the expenses for those applications through the P&L this period? And is there anymore expense that we should expect from that in the future?
George E. Kilguss: Steve, no. We recorded most of that expense in Q1. There was, I think, one application that we did incur in Q2, but most of that hit our sales and marketing expense last quarter.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then I wonder if you could just talk maybe qualitatively about your thoughts on the timing of the next price increase, what kind of considerations would go into that?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. Well, I think it's a bit early probably for us to talk about that. I think every time an opportunity comes for us to know, there's a price increase. We have to take into account the considerations that surround the business. And I guess it's premature really to talk about that. Assuming that, and as we do expect that the .com contract will receive consent from the Commerce Department for the renewal and be effective no later than November 30, then the first opportunity to do so would be in December. So I think we probably be in a better position to talk to you about that then, what the factors, the economic factors, the climate would be and give you some more information then, but I think it's premature at this point.
Operator: And we'll now take a question from Dan Cummins from ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Question for Jim on your strategy around the Managed Security Services. How is that going? Are you pleased with the progress? And does your higher year-end profit projection reflect any change in your investment posture around some growth initiatives?
D. James Bidzos: Okay. I assume when you said MSS, you meant NIA or am I...
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Yes, exactly, the NIA. Exactly.
D. James Bidzos: Okay, okay. Yes, we are still achieving bookings growth as we've planned for that business. I did mention in the last couple of calls and I mentioned again in this call that we are working to scale that business better for the quality of revenue that's more consistent with what we get from our Naming business. And I also mentioned in this call, which I've not mentioned before, that we are looking at ways that we can align expense with revenues. So I think those are some -- we don't break it out separately, of course, but I think that should give you a feel for where we're going with that business.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And does it still figure somewhat in your M&A strategy or potential M&A strategy? I know you said before it's a market you like very much and you've mentioned before the problems associated with finding quality revenue.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I would say our M&A policy is unchanged and whether it applies to that or any other part of our business, it's the same. We would certainly look at opportunities, if they helped us get on our product roadmap or our strategy faster. We do not have M&A on our radar. That is not part of our strategy. We don't view M&A as a strategy. I think what you should expect from us is if there was a small tuck-in opportunity, we'd look at it, if it helps us accelerate our strategy, but that would be the only reason.
Operator: We'll now go to Rob Owens from Pacific Crest.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: On the revenue reclass, the $1.8 million, was that a cumulative number that you just effectively took in this period or was that something that was an error relative to this period?
George E. Kilguss: Rob, yes, that was a cumulative, I'll call it, error that we accounted for in this period. So approximately -- of the $1.8 million, approximately $1 million is related to 2011 and the balance was related to first quarter of 2012.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And I apologize if I missed this, but what was the net new names guidance for Q3? Was that given earlier on the call?
D. James Bidzos: Yes it was. It was 1.6 million to 1.9 million.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and sorry about that. We're managing multiple calls. And then lastly, what are names up for renewal in Q3? Do you have that metric in front of you?
D. James Bidzos: Let's see if we can find that. John do you have that?
George E. Kilguss: This is George. I think it's 23.7 million names that are renewing in the third quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take a question from Gray Powell from Wells Fargo.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just had a couple of quick questions. So I guess longer term, assuming that the .com renewal goes according to plan, once you have that visibility on the next 6 years of revenue, how should we think about your comfort with leverage and potentially increasing your leverage target?
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Gray, this is George. So I would start by saying that, look, I've been in the chair for about 2 months, so we'll continue to take a look and evaluate our capital structure, and this will be something we'll be spending some more time on over the next few quarters. But I can give you maybe a few thoughts that I have developed over the past 2 months. On the leverage side, and being a former lender earlier in my career, I tend to look at the total debt obligations outstanding the company has compared to its EBITDA as a measure of leverage. And when I look at VeriSign, we have, as you know, a $1.25 billion convertible bond plus about $200 million revolving credit facility, so somewhere between $1.35 billion and $1.45 billion of total outstanding debt and commitments today. If you were to simply annualize our second quarter EBITDA and then compare that to the debt level that we have, you probably get a ratio of somewhere between 2.6 or 2.8x. And so the real question we need to answer, as a firm, over the coming quarters is, what is the appropriate leverage ratio for the business. We clearly have some debt capacity, but it's really all a matter of what is the appropriate risk profile for the business. So we'll have to do some more work to do on that, but that's really the current framework that I'm thinking about the debt that we have on the books and some thoughts around our capital structure.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it, that's very helpful. And then just one other question, if I can. What kind of investments should we expect you to incur to support the new gTLDs that you recently won? And should we think about that showing up as -- or I guess when should we think about that showing up as incremental CapEx or OpEx?
George E. Kilguss: Well, clearly, we'll have some incremental cost in bringing those on. I think what we really have to do is to wait for ICANN to go through their process and their approval process, then we'll have a definitive idea of who's been awarded what names. But clearly, we will have some incremental expense to do that. But again, that probably won't affect too much of 2013. But we'll probably give you more information and guidance to that on our fourth quarter call as we give guidance for 2013.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I would just add to that, that we talked last quarter about the numbers. The number was 220 brands that had signed on to have VeriSign run their back-end registry services, and that number was the result of a process as Pat mentioned in the call last quarter. And I think, as I have mentioned as well, we actually did not take all the business that was available to us there. We do have the benefit of a long history of operating experience, a long reliability record and plus the fact that we just don't run common net, we run under other domains as well. We run .tv and .name and we have a structure that lends itself to supporting this type of multiple domain structure. So I think we're very carefully prepared and positioned and more experienced than -- I think we have a pretty good view into this, so I think George's comments were accurate. And that first of all, we have to wait and see which applications actually get through and what the actual number is. But there was a lot of thought and a lot of process and a lot of careful consideration given to arriving at the 220 number. And so we feel comfortable that we're prepared and our structure is predesigned to support multiple domains. So I think we're in good shape.
Gray Powell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the new gTLDs, curious if there's any update on the process just over the past 4 to 5 weeks from your vantage point? And then also if you have any thoughts as to when you think we could potentially go live?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I'll let Pat comment. I'll just say that we're currently at a point where now the application period is where the reveal is made and everybody sees the strings that are applied for. ICANN is now undertaking its evaluation of all of those applications. But at some point, there will be a process that yield to the ultimate results. And maybe for a little more color, I'll ask Pat to comment.
Patrick S. Kane: And so I think the one thing to keep in mind is that during the evaluation process, there's a lot of things will take place in terms of what ICANN does, what the government advisory committee does and we believe that there'll be additions to the root zone come Q2 of 2013 in terms of things that will be meaningful. It's at the top of the list.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then we saw -- on another note, we saw the world IPv6 launch take place last month. Is there a point at which IPv6 could become a meaningful resonant opportunity for VeriSign? How do you think about that?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I don't know if I can tell you what that point is, but I think that gradually over time, helping our customers transition from IPv4 to IPv6 is certainly an opportunity for us and we are examining, as part of our innovation efforts, the opportunities that we have to add value to that transition process mainly around better security optimization. So we do see that as an opportunity, but I think it's too early to talk about when or exactly what it is.
Operator: We'll now go to Ed Maguire from CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I just had a question about the inputs into the capital efficiency. Since you've raised your margin expectations and lowered capital expense guidance for the year, what's behind this? It looks like you're getting greater, greater efficiencies out of your current infrastructure?
George E. Kilguss: I don't think there's anything material behind it, Ed. We continue to be good stewards of the business. We're looking for ways to be more efficient in the business and drive increased profitability. I just think it's continuing being prudent of looking at projects, evaluating them and making sure that we're doing the best job for the shareholders as we can.
D. James Bidzos: I would add to that, that the 4 points of our strategy, protect, grow, innovate and manage, they are there for a reason. We focus on them and in manage, we try to manage the business efficiently. So there is this longer tail of the restructuring that we undertook 5 years ago. I know it's been quite a while since 2007 when we began the divestiture, but it was -- even though it was completed in 2010, there are many opportunities for us to optimize and to do our business more efficiently. When you go from greater than 5,000 employees to roughly 1,000, you don't fix everything overnight. So we're finding efficiencies, and I think that's reflected in our increasing margins.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And I did want to follow up, you've made the comment about 220 registry agreements that you signed with the applicants. I'm just wondering if there's a possibility that might change or there are any of the contracts still up for potential bid and it sounds like you've also got a pretty high quality filter in terms of the agreements that you're seeking to go after, so any color there would be helpful.
Patrick S. Kane: Edward, this is Pat. So they're still talking about all the approval process, so that's 220 that we submitted at the end of the application window. So basically, there's no more applications that will be taken by ICANN at this point in time. But we know that we've got other unique services that we can provide to the registry operator, so it doesn't mean that the 220 we have today are the ultimate end set of what we do. But that being said, ICANN still has to approve all of these deals. They still sort of could -- it could go down.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now go to Jaimin Soni from Bank of America.
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to go to back to margins quickly. Can you just, if you can, please tell us if the margins that -- are they tracking to your internal plan or are you beating those targets that you have internally? And then going forward, I was just wondering if there's anything that you think is stopping you from really taking this outside that you're getting in margins and investing it in other businesses like the NIA business? Is there some limitation on the scale or demand or some type of technological limitations? What now do you think is the barrier for further investments into other adjacent businesses that can potentially drive top line growth?
D. James Bidzos: John, it's Jim. Let me refer you back to this 4 pillar sort of strategy for managing the business. So protect, grow, innovate and manage. So you're referring to the part we think of as managing the business efficiently, which is where margin expansion will occur. The answer to your question is that we don't really think about it as any single or some number of barriers to increasing margins. We think of it as a balance across those 4 areas. Job one is to protect the business. We have growth areas we've committed investments in. That's all baked into our guidance on margins. We think that we have intellectual capital and intellectual property that we can exploit in innovation, which doesn't require great investment, no great capital vestment. And so what you get through that process of balance is the guidance that we gave you in margins. So I think what you're seeing is sort of a steady growth in margins based on, essentially, a thoughtful balance across those 4 areas of our resources. So I really don't think of it as a single barrier. George, do want to comment further?
George E. Kilguss: I would just say that the company's also commented in previous calls on the long tail of the restructuring. And you can never know until you actually go through the quarter as to what other efficiencies you may obtain. So clearly, obviously, we have guided 52% to 54%, and now we've increased that guidance to 55%. So we're just seeing those efficiencies come out of the business as we manage it on a day-to-day basis.
D. James Bidzos: . And again, I think that the fact that manage is 1/4 of the -- 1 of the 4 pillars of our strategy, I think, is just our way of saying to you that we pay close attention to that. We're actively looking for opportunities and that long tail of the restructuring not exclusively to save money but to optimize and be more efficient to serve our customers better, and it's working.
Operator: And the last question of the day will come from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Listen, on the -- where we started with the discussion in terms of the search engine changes, so when Google adapted the AdSense program, which I think was in the summer of 2008, a lot of the discussion that we had was how much of the base of names is actually advertising or pay-per-click driven. Since these are first time renewals and they're trying to drive traffic to those types of pages, is there a similar type of analysis that you've done so we can get a sense as to maybe what portion of the base are first time renewals and what portion of those might be these types of advertising names that could get impacted?
D. James Bidzos: We haven't talked about any specific numbers, I think, actually, Sterling, since 2008. Back then, we did talk about what we believe to be the advertising makeup of the base. My sense of it is now without any specific data to give you at this moment is, first of all, the basis of those element is obviously much larger. I guess would be that the advertising names are probably larger than they were at the time. However, if you look at the renewal rate, at 72.9 over the last 2 quarters, just looking back, I'm sorry, in the 2 periods of 2010 and 2011, the Q2 periods, it differs only by -- and we did not have, by the way, any search engine changes in those periods. You're only talking about, respectively, 0.2 percentage point and 0.3 percentage point difference in the renewal rate. So my sense is that the safety in numbers, periods at work here and that the zone is larger and even though the number of advertising names may be larger, this rather rare change in search engine algorithms, 2008, now 2012, actually had a smaller impact than it did back then. I'm sure you're remember in 2008, the impact was quite significant. Here we are with a larger zone and a larger number of advertising names and yet the impact was rather modest, literally 0.2% compared to the same period a year ago or 0.3% 2010 and 2011. So that's the way we tend to think of it. The impact was very, very modest. I don't know if you want to add anything, Pat?
Patrick S. Kane: Nothing.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And last question and I'll let you go, is there a sense of whether there's going to be a pickup in registrar marketing and promotional campaigns here in the September quarter that might help offset some of the falloff that you just saw this quarter?
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. I think the registrars -- we've got insight at some of their plans, but not all of their plans, of course. I think that they run promotions from time to time and on a regular basis in terms of what's going on and just the kind of clients that they're trying to attract. So I think that you'll see that, yes.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today, and I'd like to turn the call back over to David Atchley for a final comment.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. With regards to the events in the third quarter, please note that Jim and George will be presenting at the 2012 Citi Technology Conference at 1:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, September 5 in New York. The webcast registration details for this conference will be available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for joining.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive officer and President John Calys - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Controller Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services
Analysts: Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the first quarter 2012 earnings release. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on VeriSign's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I'm David Atchley, Corporate Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and John Calys, Vice President, Interim CFO and Controller; and Pat Kane, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the first quarter 2012 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and John will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign, and we're pleased with the results. In Naming, we again saw a record number of new registrations at 8.9 million while adding 2.86 million net names, finishing the quarter with 116.7 million names in the domain name base.  In our NIA business, we again saw strong bookings growth. We were also able to achieve ongoing operating margin expansion through disciplined operations. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.35 billion in cash.  During the first quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.8 million shares for $68.4 million. We have approximately $763 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization program, which have no expiration.  We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. While basic shares outstanding stayed essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, our diluted share count, which is used for our diluted EPS calculation, increased in the first quarter. The main driver of this increase was dilution from our convertible bonds. As in the first and second quarters of 2011, we see dilution from our convertible bonds when our average stock price for the quarter is over the current conversion price of $34.37. These shares represent diluted shares and not shares that have been issued. John will provide more details on the share count and its impact during his comments. On March 27, ICANN posted for public comment on their website the renewal terms for the .com Registry Agreement negotiated between VeriSign and ICANN. The terms are substantially the same as the terms contained in the existing .com Registry Agreement, except for new provisions regarding indemnification and audit rights, aligning it with the other 5 largest gTLD registry agreements including the .net agreement. Regarding ICANN's new gTLD program, VeriSign applied directly for 14 new gTLDs, 12 of these 14 are transliterations of .com and .net.  Also, applicants for approximately 220 new gTLDs selected VeriSign to provide back-end registry services. It is still early in the process to determine what impact these applications will have on our revenue. Depending on ICANN's pace for processing and approving these applications, revenue from new gTLDs is not expected before 2013 and is not expected to be material in 2013. We expect more details will be available when ICANN posts information regarding the new gTLDs for which applications were received. We expect that announcement in May. Also, as announced today, VeriSign named George E. Kilguss, III as CFO effective May 14. George brings over 25 years of solid financial experience to VeriSign. Most recently, he has been serving as CFO at Internap and has been CFO of 3 public companies. We look forward to introducing you to George on the next earnings call. Also, John will continue with the company as Vice President and Controller. I would like to thank John for his service as Interim CFO since last September. I'll comment now on first quarter operating highlights. In our Naming business, the base of registered names in .com and .net totaled approximately 116.7 million at the end of March. This represents an 8.1% increase year-over-year in the base and a 2.5% increase quarter-over-quarter. In the first quarter, we added 2.86 million net names to the domain name base, and we processed 8.9 million new registrations, or a 7.7% increase in new registrations over the same period 1 year ago. The first quarter was a strong quarter on record for new registrations. Internet adoption, e-commerce and online advertising continued to be drivers of our Registry business growth. Some of the first quarter strength was driven by 2 favorable factors: first, we saw improvement in the economics for domain name monetization; secondly, we saw some of our registrar customers have more success with their marketing programs during the quarter. The fourth quarter of 2011 renewal rate was 73.5%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2012 will be approximately 74.3%. We expect the second quarter net names added to the base to be between 1.8 million and 2.2 million names, reflecting continued growth in the underlying drivers of the Internet and seasonality.  Our NIA business continues to perform well and exceeded its bookings target in the first quarter of 2012. With the NIA team in place, we're continuing to execute. More importantly, we continue to focus on scaling the NIA business to achieve quality revenue and stable growth. Thanks for your attention, and I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Calys: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. As Jim explained, we're pleased to be announcing another solid quarter. During the first quarter, we generated revenue of $206 million, delivered non-GAAP net income of $68 million and non-GAAP operating margin was 51.9%. These results drove approximately $101 million in the first quarter of free cash flow. Of our total cash and investment balance, about $245 million was domestic as of March 31, 2012.  Let me recap our performance for the first quarter on our key operating metrics, which are: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. Then I will discuss our 2012 full year guidance. Revenue of $206 million for the first quarter was up 13% year-over-year. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $783 million, a $55 million increase from year end. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter was 51.9% compared to 50.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011. First quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $99 million, down 1% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year.  Jim mentioned earlier that we applied directly for 14 new gTLDs. 13 of these applications occurred during the first quarter, which added $2.4 million of operating expense. The first quarter operating margin expansion was driven by revenue growth and through realizing efficiencies in our business. We will continue to look for further efficiencies in our business and other ways to improve our operating margin.  Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $68 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.42 compared to $0.32 in the first quarter of 2011.  With respect to taxes, we think a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 30% remains a reasonable estimate. In 2012, we expect to pay cash taxes of about $35 million to $50 million. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 163 million shares in the first quarter, compared to 160 million shares in the fourth quarter of last year. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was approximately 2.5 million shares based on the average share price during the quarter. We have included a slide in the appendix of our earnings presentation detailing the dilution calculation related to the convertible debentures. Operating cash flow was $110 million for the first quarter compared to $90 million for the same quarter last year. Free cash flow was $101 million for the first quarter of 2012, given $4 million in excess tax benefits and $13 million in capital expenditures for the quarter.  We saw solid performance in the first quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income. We have a strong balance sheet and expect strong cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. With respect to 2012 guidance, we now think revenue for 2012 will be in the range of $870 million to $890 million, representing growth of 13% to 15%. We gave a range of $865 million to $890 million on the last call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Q4 2012 exit non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be 52% to 54%. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is still expected to be a net expense of approximately $38 million for 2012. Capital expenditures are still expected to be 7% to 10% of revenue. Our guidance is based on expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our business, in addition to financial projections for interest income and expense.  I will now turn the call back to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, John. Before opening the call to your questions, I'd like to provide an update on our areas of focus for 2012. During the remainder of the year, we are focused on the following 5 areas: one, continue providing unparalleled Registry Services and network performance; two, continue to work with ICANN and the Department of Commerce towards a smooth renewal of our .com agreement; three, continue to invest in and grow the NIA business; four, as a post-restructuring next phase, focused on value creation for new services in our core business, factoring Q1, we've taken concrete steps to accelerate identification, testing and development of innovative new core services; five, and of course, continue to act as responsible stewards for the Internet infrastructure, which we operate.  We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: John, I'm wondering maybe on the guidance, the 1.8 million to 2.2 million. If I look at that versus your guidance 1 year ago, it's actually less than 1 year ago, and yet, the first quarter is running modestly ahead of what you're adds for next -- 1 year ago. So I'm just wondering, do you see something in the base or in the trends at the end of the quarter there that suggests that Q1 was more of an anomaly, and Q1 transact to a lower growth rate?
John Calys: That's a good question, Walter. I don't know that we see anything exiting the quarter that makes first quarter look like an anomaly to us. I know our guidance last year for the same quarter was higher. I think our actual performance for second quarter last year was 1.95 million net adds. So I think, really, what we have is the seasonality that we've talked about in the past. First quarter is always a little bit stronger based on activities that the registrars do with marketing, as well as just kind of seasonal patterns in the business. Pat, I don't know if you have anything to add?
Patrick S. Kane: No, I think that's about all.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just second question, Jim, on the -- it sounds like more of an emphasis on the [indiscernible] services and so forth. Can you talk about what role M&A may play at all in that process of looking a little bit -- get a little bit more aggressive about diversifying the business or expanding into adjacent areas?
D. James Bidzos: Sure. I don't expect M&A to play any substantial role at all in that growth. This is consistent with what we've been messaging for the last few quarters that we're very much focused inward on innovative opportunities in our core business. This company has a lot of talent, a lot of great ideas. And what we're doing is making sure that there's a way to rapidly exploit them. So the M&A is not part of that plan. As I've always said, we have a product roadmap that we like. And we see M&A as some way to get there quicker. We consider that, but there's nothing on our radar.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Steve Ashley at Robert W. Baird & Co.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: In terms of the domain name activity, I was going to ask about promotional activity and I realize that, that's in 2 buckets. One is, promotion activity that you yourselves, VeriSign, have worked onto revenues involved and then there's the amount of activity in the field. I'm just wondering if you could comment on either of those? How it related to maybe normal or last year?
D. James Bidzos: As far as the programs that we run that are contra-revenue programs, I think we've talked about that in the past that on a full year basis, they're not a significant amount, but we do some each quarter. And usually, they're a little more weighted towards the first part of the year, especially first quarter. So there is a little bit of the impact on the top line for the first quarter of this year in that. Pat, I don't know if you got comments about registrar activity?
Patrick S. Kane: So basically, on the contra programs, they're intended to be performance-based programs. And so the performance-based programs that we've put in there, we're actually augmenting the activity of the registrar. And so we've actually found programs incentives that are actually driving additional units that usually been more productive than in the past, and the performance has been better than in the past.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Terrific. And then could you just comment maybe at the high level of how international versus domestic domain name growth might have looked in the period?
Patrick S. Kane: So we still have strength coming out of international. Largely, we're seeing growth from India, we're seeing growth from China, as well as Southeast Asia and Australia from international standpoint. But it still looks to be about a 40%-60% split from international to domestic.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Phil Winslow at Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just got a question on just kind of spending from here, especially on the sort of non-domain name businesses. I mean how do you feel with sort of the OpEx level that you're at right now in terms of sort of growing the revenue from here. Are you comfortable with that or do you think this actually needs more investment over time?
John Calys: We certainly think there's an opportunity to always manage and get more efficient from an OpEx standpoint, Phil. I don't think we foresee some type of significant increase based on what we've guided to exit the year on. We're not expecting an increase in OpEx levels relative to revenue. In fact, we're still anticipating some improvement through the end of this year.
D. James Bidzos: Phil, this is Jim. I guess if you're referring at all specifically to some of the innovation efforts that are going on the company -- going on in the company, I think it's fair to say that given the operational efficiencies that we continue to find and exploit as the company sort of gets adjusted to its new size. Remember, we've gone from over 5,000 to just over 1,000 employees in 4 years. That and just some small reallocation of expenses throughout the company, we're pretty comfortable. Give us what we need to fuel the innovation engineer and do the kind of R&D that we need to do. So I think it's something from the outside of the -- essentially difficult to notice.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll hear from Sterling Auty at JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering, is it too early for you to tell in the gTLD program if any of the ones that you applied for were also applied for by others. In other words, could there be an auction or a need for increased investments to land some of those that you've applied for?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. So it is too early to tell. At some points, I can/will reveal what the applications were, and they have a process for dealing with duplicate applications. As of right now, we can't tell you what that is. The process is being adjusted as we speak. And for an up-to-minute -- up-to-the-minute update, I'll ask Pat to comment on that.
Patrick S. Kane: Well, in terms of finding out when -- what additional top-level domains have been applied for beyond the ones that we have done. There's a process now that where the application system itself has to reopen at ICANN. It's been closed for a few days. And then after that happens, they will have a final submission and then there'll probably be a couple of weeks after that before ICANN announces. So it's kind of a moving target right now as to when that will occur. But we will certainly analyze it as soon as it opens up and identify where there are exact conflicts, where there will be conflicts that may create some end-user confusion, and we'll take a look at those as well.
D. James Bidzos: I think the original so-called reveal date for what strings were applied for was April 30. We expect that there'll be some short period of time beyond that before the actual new date is announced, which as Pat said, we expect to hear in a few days or so. Sometime in early May, we expect to know what strings were applied for. And at that point, any conflicts would be obvious, and as mentioned, ICANN has a process including an auction process to deal with competing bids and then that will play out at that time.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And there was an earlier question, I'm asking about timeshare revenue. I'm going to ask it this way, given the number of net adds that you had in the quarter, given the base of names that you had through the quarter, I think there's some of us that felt that the revenue would've been a little bit higher. So wondering, is it contra revenue business outside of the Naming business or something else that may have dampened top line by $1 million or $2 million or $3 million?
John Calys: Actually, I think from our standpoint, the top line was right about where we expected it internally. As far as the contra programs, there were no significant changes for the full year plan in 2012 versus 2011. There might have been a little bit more waiting in the first quarter, this year than last. But I don't think we expected something significantly different than what we're reporting.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, Jim. If you mentioned it, then I missed it, and I apologize. But in your prepared remarks, you talked about as one of the goals adding additional services to capitalize on the infrastructure and the position that you've got. Is there something specific that you can share with us now that you're looking to innovate beyond the stuff that's already in Naming and the other parts of the existing business?
D. James Bidzos: Well, it's no different than what we've talked about before. As I mentioned, there's a lot of talent and also a lot of ideas. And in fact, quite a bit of intellectual property here in the company. And I don't think we've worked as hard as we could have in the past to exploit it. So what the concrete steps that I referred to involve putting structures and people in place to make sure that we rapidly maximize our ability to exploit those ideas that we think can result in productive new innovative core services. So they are very much core services. I've mentioned in the past that we think that security is a very good place for us to focus. I don't think there's anybody anywhere on this planet that doesn't appreciate the need for cyber security. So that's the general area where we're looking to enhance our offerings. And that's probably as much as I can say right now.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Rob Owens at Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about some of the success you're seeing in NIA and maybe some of the -- a little bit of color on the bookings there. It seemed like the deferred categories group better than I was expecting this quarter?
John Calys: As far as the deferred category, certainly, it was very strong. The growth in that really relates to the 2.86 million net adds and 8.9 new registrations that's driving deferred much more than anything from an NIA standpoint.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: So on that -- specifically there, are you seeing an extension in duration then in terms of some of those renewals or new names? Or are you still about 5 quarters on average?
D. James Bidzos: The average term length is about 5 quarters right now when we see with renewals.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Actually a pretty big change, I think, in long-term deferred if I'm not taken. Historical numbers.
John Calys: For the first quarter, I think, seasonally is always a strong increase in deferred for us. So -- but certainly much more than sequential quarter was -- last quarter.
D. James Bidzos: As John said, that's attributable to areas outside of NIA. But with respect to NIA, we set some bookings goals for them for the quarter that were in excess of the goals that we set last year. And they're exceeding those goals. So we're pleased with the process. We're not breaking out those numbers separately.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: If it were to achieve 10% of bookings, would you break it out separately?
John Calys: If NIA were to achieve -- if their revenue were to achieve 10% of total revenue, we would break it out separately under SEC reporting requirements. Yes.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then second, how many names are up for renewal in Q2?
Patrick S. Kane: 24.4 million.
Operator: Next, from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Jaimin Soni.
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just got a couple of quick questions. First, I wanted to ask about operating margins. In your guidance, you have about 100 basis points ramp through the year. As we exit the year, and I guess as you continue to get more efficient, is that where we can see more of the listed margins going forward? Or do you think you have room to invest more in some of the opportunities that Jim outlined earlier?
D. James Bidzos: Certainly, we see margin improvement through the end of the year as we've guided in the 52% to 54% range. And as we -- as I commented earlier, and we've spoken many times before in kind of our post-restructuring era here, we continue to work hard daily at finding opportunities to grow our margin, to get more efficient, to do things smarter and better. Obviously, we'll see in the revenue -- on the revenue line, we'll see the impact of the price increases that we did in January. And as you know, that kind of bleeds into the revenue line over about a 5-quarter period. So that gives you some even natural margin growth as well, that comes about from that. Beyond that, we obviously haven't provided guidance beyond the end of 2012. But we take very seriously that it's our job to run the business very efficiently and find ways to do things better and smarter all the time.
Jaimin Soni - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Another -- just another follow-up on the net domain name ads. If I look at what you guys have guided last quarter for the year, it's at about 6% to 8% unit growth rate for net new names. Looking at what you have -- at the midpoint, guided to about 2 million for next quarter. And seeing the first half total net new name growth at about 1% to 2%, implies that the second half should really accelerate. Is that what we should think about for the second half of the year in terms of net new name growth?
Patrick S. Kane: No, I mean, the 2.5% is quarter-over-quarter, right? And so year-over-year, right now, we're at 8.1%. So you should see some consistency in quarter-over-quarter growth.
John Calys: Yes, our revenue guidance of the $870 million to $890 million that I mentioned earlier is predicated on a 6% to 8% unit -- net unit growth for the year over the prior year. And at this point, we would say we're trending toward the upper half of that range.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, there was a very nice increase in the expected renewal rate for Q1 versus what you've reported over the prior few quarters. Aside from perhaps getting some benefit from a renewal base that's becoming more mature, were there any other factors that might have contributed to the higher renewals that you expect to see this quarter?
D. James Bidzos: Well, in Q1, we did have a higher early renewal. Early renewals were up in Q1, which helps explain the increase in deferred revenue. Other than that, I'm not aware of any changes that...
Patrick S. Kane: The behavior is as expected. So it's consistent. So what we'll is some variability in 1/10 percentage points based upon specific registrars and what they're doing with their customers and different programs that they may or may not run. So even though it's up by a couple of 1/10% in terms of where we thought we'd end up, it's well within expectations.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And that's great. You've gotten attached to a large number of back-end applicants. Frankly, you have more than I would've expected. Although a lot of these I would imagine would be relegated to somewhat of a niche type status assuming their applications are accepted. What I wanted to ask is -- and I know this is not a material 2013 impact, but just kind of wondering, on a longer-term basis, given what we know today and how you see this potentially unfolding, whether you see a greater opportunity directionally for VeriSign on the front end or the back end around new gTLDs?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. I think -- well, certainly 2013 is too early. And we don't think there'll be any material revenue in 2013. And I think it's just too early to speculate about what that revenue will look like beyond. We're certainly pleased that over 200 applicants have chosen us to be their back-end registry service provider. But how -- and we're -- we like the program. We think that it's going to, as ICANN, encourage creativity, and we hope it will grow the market globally for domain names. But how much of that will grow, what exactly what our participation will be, how these 220 applicants that have chosen us to provide services then will fare in that new market. I think it's just too early to speculate about that. We have said that we do see that as a growth area. I think that it's going to expand the market. And we're pleased to be participating in it, both through directly applying to operate gTLDs. And as you said, providing services for 220. But beyond that, I think it is just too early for us to speculate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, from CLSA, Ed Maguire.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I saw you had posted last month the RFC for the .com renewal contract. Are there any issues that you could anticipate that might come up, that might result in any changes to proposal? And any update on expected timing of finalizing that contract?
D. James Bidzos: Well, there is -- this is Jim, there is a published timeline for that. I can't have a fixed duration comment period. They are -- I think, it would be inappropriate for us to comment on -- to comment while the comment period is still up. But there is a fixed process. And at some point, ICANN and VeriSign will complete that process. ICANN will receive the comments and respond to them and then the agreement will be turned over to the Commerce Department for its consent of the renewal. The agreement expires on November 30, so that's the timeline to complete this process by then. And our plan is to follow the timeline and work through it. I think, again, .com had a similar process. Of course, to accept it, it did require Commerce Department approval. But essentially it went through an open comment process. There were responses to those comments and then ICANN board voted to approve the contract. Our expectation is that there will be a similar process here.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And just a follow-up on cash. Just currently, how much do you have offshore and whether you have any ability to move some of that onshore?
John Calys: We have about $1.1 billion offshore right now, $245 million domestically. No specific plans right now to move any of the offshore cash back at this point in time.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Craig Nankervis with First Analysis.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: My questions have really basically been asked. Maybe just a little more on the 220 new gTLDs that you've been selected to provide back-end services. Have you had discussions with most of these entities? Or is that -- was that number basically entirely a surprise to you, and how do you think about that quantity?
D. James Bidzos: I'll let Pat weigh in, in more detail, but some of those applicants actually ran competitive bid processes to select the back-end services provider. And we were successful as a competitor in that process for many of them. We've certainly entered into agreements with all of them at this point. I don't know that I can comment on how that fell with expectations. I think, given that the ICANN has said nothing about the number of applicants, it's probably inappropriate to speculate about how many there were or how we did. Pat? I would like Pat to comment.
Patrick S. Kane: Well, as you said, Jim, it's hard to tell where it falls into a total number of top level domains that have been applied for. But we are pleased with the number, and we are pleased with the quality of the partners that have chosen VeriSign to provide back-end services for their offerings, as they see it as a valuable asset in terms of how they move their businesses forward as well.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: So assuming -- so I guess, what has to happen, they have to all -- each of those have to get their gTLD approved and then assuming that's the case, it's very likely you would be -- you would operate for the back end for everyone on that, for all of that group, right? There wouldn't be a reason you'd be selective within the group, is there?
Patrick S. Kane: No, those 220 have already said that if they are awarded a TLD by ICANN, that VeriSign will act as the operator of back-end registry services for them. So that's the agreement we've already entered into.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we've agreed to do that. So there's no reason that the number would change from our perspective. And as Pat mentioned, they have specified us in their application as the provider, so we assume that -- but that's our expectation. That if their applications are approved, we will be their back-end registry services provider.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: I see. And does that -- as this unfolds, does this have any implications for your infrastructure and build out thereof or really not? How does that -- how do you look at that?
Patrick S. Kane: Well, I think we have world-class infrastructure that can certainly handle the types of business that we've taken and put onto. So I'm -- and I think that it's well within our capabilities.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Well, yes, so capabilities. I guess -- so it doesn't -- it's not going to -- I don't know, necessitate a different pattern to your CapEx spending or something like that because of this new dynamic.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. I don't think we anticipate anything substantial on that sense. I think we really need to look at the nature and the use and the deployment of some of these TLDs. But for example, many of them are brands who are probably going to have a very small number of domain names associated with their TLDs that we'll operate for them. So I don't think of this as a major overhaul of our infrastructure in order to support it. I think they -- for them, even if it's a small number of domain names, if it's an important brand, I think security and stability and availability are really the important things which is why they chose us. And we're certainly going to continue to provide that. We'll make the normal investments that we make in our infrastructure to provide that security and stability, but I believe that's what appealed to most of them.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Sure, sure. And I wasn't trying to imply that you have to have a major overhaul to what you have. I was just curious if it changes the pattern of how you operate with incorporating these...
D. James Bidzos: Well, we operate multiple domains now, so we're -- we have for a long time. So we're structured to operate multiple domains. While this could change over time, I don't -- I wouldn't expect that given a circumstance as you'd expect to see a substantial increase in the overall number of domain names. Again, if these are brands, the number of new domain names within the gTLDs would be relatively small. But it will be important that they resolve reliably, and I think that's why we were chosen.
Operator: Now this concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. With regards to events in the second quarter, please note that Jim, John and George will be presenting at the J.P. Morgan TNT Conference at 2:10 p.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, May 15 in Boston. The webcast registration details for this conference will be available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's conference, and thank you all for joining us.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Calys - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Controller D. James Bidzos - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive officer and President David Atchley - Corporate Treasurer David Atchley -  Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services
Analysts: Jaimin Soni Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2011 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I am David Atchley, Corporate Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and John Calys, Vice President, Interim CFO and Controller. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the Q4 and full year 2011 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Jim and John will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The fourth quarter capped a year of solid growth, execution, financial performance and shareholder returns for VeriSign. During the past year, we completed a 4-year board-directed restructuring plan, which included divesting non-core businesses, the sale of our Authentication Services business and relocating our headquarters. This restructuring has resulted in a more efficient and more focused VeriSign that we believe is better prepared for the opportunities ahead. We delivered both for the global community of Internet users that increasingly rely on us and for our shareholders.  As stewards of critical elements of Internet infrastructure, both what we do and how we do it are important for the secure and reliable operation of the global Internet, upon which billions of people worldwide depend. In 2011, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to shareholders by completing the return of divestiture proceeds. In May, we paid a special dividend of $463 million to shareholders and $100 million in contingent interest to bondholders. We also continued our share repurchase program during the year, with 16.3 million shares repurchased, returning $535 million during 2011. On our last earnings call, we described several pending cash activities. These included the full payment for the rest of the building purchased, potential financing scenarios and the pending repatriation of previously taxed offshore cash. We mentioned this repatriation in our last call but did not state the amount, which is $86 million. All of these items will resolve as expected by December 31. As these activities were pending during the fourth quarter, we took a conservative approach, and for this reason alone, we did not make share repurchases.  Security and stability are paramount for the way we run our business, and this extends to the way we manage our liquidity. So, on December 31, with all the pending cash activity successfully concluded, we held $225 million in domestic cash and $1,125,000,000 in offshore cash. We have $831 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best use for our cash, including potential share repurchases. John will discuss our cash balance in more detail in a few minutes. During the fourth quarter, we completed the move to our new corporate headquarters in Reston, Virginia. We are excited about this new facility as it brings our main corporate functions under one roof. We're already seeing efficiencies and enhanced collaboration among our teams in the new building.  Also, I'd like to give you a quick update from our last call regarding our search for a CFO. As mentioned last time, we have begun a search for a new CFO and are starting the interviewing process. Of course, we'll keep you updated as things progress. As we look towards 2012, one important area of focus is the .com agreement renewal. The process and timeline are on track, and we will provide updates as appropriate leading up to the renewal. Since we last spoke to you, we are engaged and are pleased with the progress. I'll comment now on fourth quarter operating highlights. In our Naming business, the base of registered names in .com and .net totaled approximately 113.8 million at the end of December. This represents an 8% increase year-over-year in the base and then approximately 2% increase quarter-over-quarter. In the fourth quarter, we added 1.9 million net names to the domain name base, and we processed 7.9 million new registrations, which is about a 4% increase over the same period a year ago. The fourth quarter was our strongest Q4 for new registrations on record. In fact, that's true for each of the quarters in 2011, thus making it our strongest year for new registrations with over 32 million new registrations processed.  The Q3 2011 renewal rate was 73.3%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2011 will be approximately 73.4%. We expect the Q1 net names added to the base to be between 2.4 million and 2.7 million names, which reflects the continued growth and the underlying drivers of the Internet, as well as seasonality. Looking at our NIA business. The team performed very well and exceeded our full year bookings target. The NIA sales team is now fully hired and in place, and we expect 2012 to be a year of execution for the business. We are focused on scaling the NIA business to achieve quality of revenue and stable growth.  As we look forward to 2012, our focus will be to: number one, continue providing unparalleled network and registry services performance; number two, renew the .com agreement with ICANN and receive approval of the agreement by the Department of Commerce; number three, invest in benefiting from the new gTLD program by both applying for strategic names ourself and teaming with other applicants as their backend registry service provider.  By the way, we've been selected by several brands that ran an early selection process in anticipation of their applications for new gTLD succeeding. While the revenue is not material and not expected before 2013, I wanted to let you know that we're already competing successfully as the backend service provider. This says a lot about the quality work our Registry Services and network ops teams have been doing.  Number four, we want to continue to invest in and grow the NIA business; number five, continue to identify and select opportunities for growth through value-added services, which leverage our core strength and offer quality of revenue; and number six, of course, continue to act as responsible stewards for critical elements of global Internet infrastructure, both operationally and in the management of the business. We believe this is the appropriate, responsible strategy for balancing stability, growth and shareholder interest, all of which are intertwined.  Thanks for your attention, and I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Calys: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. As Jim explained, this is another solid quarter and year for us. During 2011, we generated revenue of $772 million and delivered non-GAAP operating income of $384 million, all while expanding non-GAAP operating margins by 792 basis points. These results drove approximately $157 million in free cash flow for the year.  Following on to Jim's comments on our cash position. The total cash of investment balance ended Q4 at $1.35 billion. Of this balance, $225 million is domestic. During the quarter, we initiated a new 5-year $200 million credit facility, borrowed $100 million against this facility as short-term financing for our Reston building purchase. In fact, the [ph] cash balance also included $86 million of previously taxed income that was repatriated at the end of the quarter. Let me recap our performance for the fourth quarter and year on our key operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. Then I will discuss 2012 full year guidance. Revenue of $204 million for the fourth quarter was up 3% from the prior quarter and up 14% year-over-year. 2011 revenue of $772 million was up 13% year-over-year. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $729 million, a $6 million increase from Q3 2011 and a $66 million increase year-over-year, up 10%.  Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 50.9% compared to 50.1% in Q3. 4Q non-GAAP operating expenses were $100 million, up sequentially and flat year-over-year. The fourth quarter operating margin expansion was driven by revenue growth and through realizing efficiencies in our business. We will continue to look for further efficiencies in our business and ways to improve our operating margin. Net income and EPS. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $64 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.40 compared to $0.39 in Q3 and $0.31 in the same period in 2010. 2011 non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.49 is a 43% increase over 2010. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net for 2011 was $28 million. This included a pretax $4 million nonoperating accrued expense booked in Q4, which is non-recurring in nature and had a negative effect of $0.02 on EPS. With respect to taxes. We think a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 30% remains reasonable estimate. In 2012, we expect to pay cash taxes of about $35 million to $50 million. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 160 million shares in Q4 compared to 164 million in third quarter.  Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was $124 million in the fourth quarter and $336 million for 2011, which includes the payout of $100 million in contingent interest to holders of our convertible debt. Free cash flow was $6.6 million in Q4, given $11.6 million in excess tax benefits and $129 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Free cash flow for 2011 was $157 million after $13 million in excess tax benefits and approximately $193 million in capital expenditures. Relating to capital expenditures, the company closed a property purchase of the Reston, Virginia, headquarters building on November 15, 2011 for $118 million.  To reiterate, we saw solid performance in Q4. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income. We have a strong balance sheet and expect strong cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. With respect to 2012 guidance. Revenue for 2012 should be in the range of $865 million to $890 million, representing growth of 12% to 15%. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at least 80%. Q4 2012 exit non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be 52% to 54%. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is expected to be approximately $38 million for 2012. Capital expenditures are expected to be 7% to 10% of revenue. Our guidance is based on expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our businesses, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. I will now turn the call back to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, John. In summary, we're pleased with the performance and milestones we've marked in 2011. In addition to completing the restructuring plan, we renewed .net until 2017, DNSSEC went live in .com and we extended our .tv agreement. VeriSign was selected to run .gov for the U.S. government, and we have been selected to service the registry operator for applicants for potential future gTLDs under the new ICANN program. We brought in new talent at all levels, and we moved into our new building in Reston.  We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to ask about deferred revenue. Deferred revenue growth was lower than expected, and short-term deferred revenue basically didn't grow sequentially. Was there, Jim, any sort of registry purge or some other factor? Or was it just a function of demand possibly being a little bit lower than you were expecting in the quarter?
John Calys: This is John. Let me take that. I don't think that was really a surprise to us. A lot of the deferred revenue trends are seasonal. First quarter is always a strong seasonal quarter, so you see a little more of a bump. So sometimes, it could be choppy. Quarter-over-quarter, I think the full year 10% increase is what was expected, but there was no unusual purge or anything of that nature.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of renewal rates over the last 3 quarters, that is assuming that your expected Q4 estimate holds, there hasn't been much change in the overall renewal rate. So I just wanted to get your view on renewal rates in 2012. I would think you should start to see more of an uplift, particularly as the base gets a little bit more mature.
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. I've invited Pat Kane, who's our executive in charge of the registry. And, Pat, do you want to take that one?
Patrick S. Kane: Yes. So the renewal -- as the age of the base, as you pointed out, gets older, you do see a change in the percentage of previously renewed domains versus first-time renewing domains. And since the previously renewed domains actually renew at a higher rate, you will see a natural growth.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could just ask one other question. So there have been some corporations who have voiced opposition to the new gTLDs, including the timeline and process. I was just curious to get your thoughts on that, and just more broadly, how you envision this moving forward. Do you expect everything to move according to plan?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. We monitor this closely. We're supportive of the multi-stakeholder model and ICANN's plans to move forward. There has been opposition from patent holders. There were hearings both in the House and in the Senate, but the program opened up on January 12 for applications. The application period closes on April 12. And on May 1, ICANN will publish on its website a list of all of the applications. I expect that there will probably be some more comments from the various stakeholders, but that's how the process works. So from our perspective, as I said, we're participants in the program. We're supportive of ours and the participation of others in it. And I think we've made our view of that clear, that we apply for domain names. We see it as an opportunity to be a service provider. We don't expect the revenue to be material. We don't expect it before 2013, but we expect the market to grow. And we expect our business to grow as a result.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to focus on margins for a moment. Obviously, the exit margin guidance you gave of, whatever, 52% to 54%, I believe consensus was 51.6%, it was clearly ahead of where consensus was. What's driving that continued leverage? And then, Jim, how should we think about just margins going forward and the leverage of this business? And just kind of -- is there a target that you have in mind or a ceiling that you see out there? Or how do you think about it?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I think the guidance that we -- margin guidance that we just delivered for 2012 is obviously the way we see it and describe it now. I'll just say that post restructuring, I think there's kind of a long tail that I would describe as a continual optimization of our efforts to do a better job, to focus on our customers better and change the way we do things. Remember, we've gone from over 5,000 employees to roughly 1,000. Actually, we ended 2011 at 1,009 employees. So the process of discovering processes here at VeriSign that haven't caught up with the new VeriSign yet, I think, will probably continue for a while. So I think you see that reflected in our guidance for the year. So I expect in the process of finding ways to do our job better, we'll probably find efficiencies, and we expect that to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Any thoughts, high-level, of how fast you expect the zone file to grow in 2012?
D. James Bidzos: Yes. The revenue guidance that we gave you was $865 million to $890 million for the year, and that has underlying a 6% to 8% unit growth rate for net new names.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Perfect. And this might be for Pat Kane. But on the new gTLDs, the question that I get asked is, will this cannibalize .com, and if not, kind of why not?
Patrick S. Kane: Well, what the new gTLD program is designed to do is to offer more choice for individual registrants. And while that will certainly have people choose domain names in different TLDs for the first time, we also recognize there's tremendous value in having your domain name in .com. And so we will likely see multiple registrations for individual registrants.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then lastly, can you say how many new gTLDs VeriSign intends to bid for directly?
D. James Bidzos: I think -- go ahead, Pat.
Patrick S. Kane: Well, we intend to do about 12. Most of those will be transliterations of .com.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could address your expectations around the NIA business. There's been a lot of headlines about the impact of hacker groups and denial of service attacks. And what your expectations for that business will be over the next year.
D. James Bidzos: Well, as we mentioned, that business exceeded our expectations in 2011. We like that business. We think it's a business of growing importance. In particular, I think what you're referring to, which is the DDoS Mitigation part of that business, although we saw growth across all 3 sections of the NIA business, there is the iDefense threat intelligence unit, a managed DNS business, and of course the DDoS Mitigation service. Certainly, denial of service attacks have been more visible, and there's tremendous interest in technology that's available, a service that's available for companies to protect themself. We're well-positioned to benefit from that. I think it's one of the reasons we like the business. It's a growth area. The other reason, of course, is that it leverages our core strengths and our reputation, and we have a tremendous amount of experience. In general, concerning NIA, we now have the sales force hired. We're where we want to be there. And the areas that we're working on in NIA primarily is to structure it for scalability and also to find ways to improve the quality of revenue and make it closer to the quality of revenue that most of our revenues reflect. So we're optimistic about it, but we're obviously not breaking it out separately. And can't tell you exactly when we'll do that. But we're continuing to invest in that business.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And just a follow-up on your uses of cash for buybacks. What pace of buybacks are you expecting to implement this year? And do you also have any plans to deploy some of that offshore cash?
John Calys: I missed just the last word there.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: To deploy the cash that's offshore.
John Calys: Yes, right. We don't provide any specific guidance on our repurchase activity normally. Obviously, we have $831 million left under our board-approved plan. We evaluate our cash needs and potential uses for cash on a regular basis, and that includes evaluating our offshore cash balances as well in terms of doing what we think is optimal for the company and the shareholders.
D. James Bidzos: Ed, this is Jim. I would just add that, basically, our view of buybacks as one option for returning value to shareholders is unchanged. The board authorization of $831 million, as John mentioned, continues to stand. Nothing's changed in our view, and I think we made it clear that there were just pending cash liquidity issues that were unresolved. They did all become favorably resolved at the end of Q4, but as we mentioned, that was the only reason that there were no buybacks in the quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, I'm wondering what type of updates -- you said we'll get updates on the .com process. I mean, what sort of updates do you envision providing us as we go through the next February month with that process ongoing?
D. James Bidzos: Let's see. I guess the material events that would certainly be disclosed, of course, would be the -- if you follow the .net process, as I'm sure most of you probably did, there was some point at which we came together with ICANN, agreed on the form of renewal. There were some minor issues, as we mentioned, in the contract. So if you could look back at .net when those issues were addressed and a version of the contract was ready for the public review process, it was then posted on ICANN's website for public comment for 30 days. I will say there's been one change since last year. There's a new ICANN policy that became effective January 1, 2012, in which their public comment periods have changed from a single 30-day comment period to 2 comment periods of 21 days each, effectively making the 30-day comment period a 42-day comment period. But I think the next visible event will be the presentation of that agreement for comment, that then follows, of course, formal approval by ICANN's Board of Directors. And .com, of course, being a little different than .net, we then present that to the Department of Commerce for their approval. So those are the high-level sequence of events. All of that should conclude no later than the termination date of the existing agreement, the expiration date, which is November 30, 2012. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there is a timetable and a process. There's been engagement and activity since I last spoke to you, and we're pleased with that progress. So I think that's what we can say to you right now, but that's an overview of the process itself. And I think those are the events you can expect to see being disclosed certainly by VeriSign, but also information that'll appear on, in particular, the contract for public comment on ICANN's website.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then just on -- I guess it may be a question for Pat. But on the domain name guidance, if I look at, I guess, this quarter, we had some confusion on our end whether or not it was 1.8 or 1.9 adds but sort of in the lower end of your range. I recall last quarter, kind of in the lower end of your range. And I'm wondering, as you look at the guidance that you give, what in the last couple of quarters and then how are you looking at Q1 in terms of that range and what factors are driving you to be in the -- have driven you to be in the low end and may influence Q1?
Patrick S. Kane: Well, growth is always dependent upon 2 factors. One is the new registrations and one is the renewal rates as well. And so when we take a look at the range, we have to take into account what renewal rates will look like. And renewal rates fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, dependent upon specific activity from specific registrars. So we know we'll end up within the range. But it's I think sort of the function of the renewal rate as to how we end up where we end up within that range.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I guess what you're saying is the last couple of quarters it's been more renewal rates that have been the delta within that range rather than the gross new adds?
Patrick S. Kane: Well, I mean, it's -- I guess the answer would be yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just want to follow up, Jim, on the renewal timeline. Given that it's an election year and given the timing of when the contract expires, is there a chance that it can go beyond November 30? And can you just review for people if it were to -- how the contracts are actually handled at that point?
D. James Bidzos: Well, we certainly don't anticipate that we wouldn't be finished. Our timeline, certainly, the timeline and the engagement process are all designed to avoid any issues that would cause the process to extend beyond November 30. So I just don't envision that happening. I suppose it's possible, but I don't see that happening. There is a requirement that the ICANN VeriSign agreed contract be presented to the Department of Commerce for their approval 90 days prior to the expiration, and we're certainly planning to meet or beat that date and make sure that there's plenty of time to get the contract renewed, which I think everybody feels is in everyone's best interest. So I guess I don't envision that happening.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. A different topic. When you look at the fourth quarter, did you guys run any special programs with registrars to help motivate name additions? What are your plans for kind of work with registrars as you look into the first half of 2012?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we ran some additional marketing and promotional programs in 4Q, not particularly large, but a little bit. And I would expect for 2012 that those numbers would be pretty consistent with what they've been historically for us. Generally, the programs we run are not material, and generally, they're sort of -- at the first half of the year, I think we generally run more than we do in the second half.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And based on your kind of talks and interactions with registrars, how do you feel about -- since they're your channel, how do you feel about the help of that channel and kind of where they're positioned to help drive growth in that Naming business for 2012?
D. James Bidzos: Pat talks to them all the time, visits with them frequently, so perhaps he can...
Patrick S. Kane: Well, I think if you just take a look at the new unit numbers that Jim talked about earlier where each quarter of this year was the strongest quarter we've ever had in that quarter, it's a healthy channel. They are finding uses for domain names. Whether it be small, medium businesses, enterprises, et cetera, they're -- it's strong.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, their drivers, they haven't changed. It's Internet adoption. There's more growth internationally than there is in the U.S. It's the continual move of dollars from traditional to online advertising. Basically, all the things that we're seeing just simply continuing. Internet adoption is a growth area.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Scott Kessler with S&P Capital.
Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research: I was wondering if you could possibly highlight one or 2 examples. Jim, you highlighted value-added services as a potential growth area for this year, and maybe if you could just talk about one or 2 areas where you might see some uplift.
D. James Bidzos: Sure. I guess the obvious area is, first of all, there are several categories of value-added services. First of all, Pat's group is continually developing value-added services for the registrar channel to help them manage their business. We provide them with information, we provide them with data, reports, analyses from the zone that help them manage their business better and hopefully maximize the registrations that they perform. We call that value-added services here at VeriSign. The other growth area that we talked about was NIA, which is an adjacency that's very relevant in the sense that it plays to our strength. The IDN or our DDoS Mitigation service, of course, is a result of homegrown efforts from a very purpose-developed network where we couldn't buy off the shelf solutions, and now we've productized some of those. And managed DNS is essentially our ability to deliver our experience in developing performance in the network and deliver that to customers. So all of those things you might consider value-added services. Certainly, even though we're the largest consumer of some of the threat intelligence information that comes from our iDefense unit, that is also a value-added services. There are new value-added services that we're exploring. We're not talking about these. These are areas, research that we've engaged in. I think it's fair to say we're focused on this like we haven't been before. We're investing more in research. We think there's a tremendous amount of opportunity there. We are seeing opportunities. And these are fundamental new value-added services that would complement and fit well with our current DNS lookup services. So until we're ready to talk about those, we can't say more. But that is the focus of our research efforts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaimin Soni with Bank of America.
Jaimin Soni: I just wanted to follow up on the last question. And looking at the margins guidance that you guys have provided, margins were obviously expected to grow at a nice clip next year. Do you think there's more opportunity in investing more of this upside back into the business to fuel the other growth options that you guys are looking at, like NIA? And are you comfortable with the level of investment in these adjacent opportunities?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, that's a very good question. And the answer is absolutely yes. So in the case of NIA in particular, I mentioned that we're doing a couple of things with NIA. Number one is that we're focusing on structuring it to scale for growth. So -- and also, what we're doing with NIA is finding ways that we can sort of increase the quality of revenue to look more like our traditional business. So those are 2 things we want to do before we make the investment. Before we essentially step on the gas pedal, so to speak, we want to make sure that it's going to scale well, grow smoothly and provide a quality of revenue. So anything that we can do up front before we make the major investment, I think, will pay great dividends down the road if we're successful in achieving good, scalable growth and quality of revenue. So we will be making those investments. We have been making that effort to optimize the business, and that's been the focus of NIA. And we have plenty of cash, and I think you'll -- essentially, our guidance for you in 2012 incorporates our anticipated investments in those areas. There is no anticipation that we would make any acquisitions to fuel that growth. I think most of what we want to do leverages our core strengths. VeriSign, I think most of you understand, is unique. We do have a very purpose-developed network that's actually unique. I think that's something that's not well understood that in the future we're going to try to communicate better. Not only are we databases linked together by a high-speed network, but our ability to do updates, to do them quickly in realtime essentially and replicate it globally across a very diverse network and reliably is unique. And when you're talking about developing services that come from that sort of strength, trading on that kind of strength, those are investments that we have to make here. We have to make that, not buy it, because nobody's doing anything like that. Now if there are opportunities that we see to accelerate that process by making acquisitions that allow us to buy versus make pieces of those efforts as they start to come together, we'll certainly look at those and do those. But it's our view that we have adequate cash to do all of those growth areas and make all those investments. And that's all baked into our guidance for 2012 in margins.
Jaimin Soni: So, Jim, when you say that you want to build a base on NIA a little bit more before you step on the accelerator, is this more of a second half of 2012 that we're thinking about or 2013, when you think the timing would be right?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I think what we've said is that at this point, we fully staffed up the NIA sales team. We've done some optimization and restructuring a bit in how the products are packaged and bundled and sold. There are ways in which we have a billing relationship with the customer that will help us get sort of the right scalable structure. I think we're getting pretty close to the end of that process. And 2012, as we said, is a year of execution. So throughout the year, we'll be making investments as we see appropriate, depending on how the marketing effort plays out. But I think we're pretty close to getting ready to make some investments and grow that business a little bit quicker. It's a solid growth area, leverages our strength, there is a need and we like it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on new name growth. So you mentioned the 4 record quarters that you had throughout 2011. And as I extrapolate kind of your range for Q1, it seems like you're expecting again another record in Q1 of '12 and even maybe a little bit of acceleration in the year-over-year growth. So as we think about '12, how should we begin to think about new name growth, especially kind of given the global economic situation?
D. James Bidzos: Pat, do you want to comment?
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, this is Pat. So Jim mentioned some of the factors that we track in terms of Internet adoption, online advertising spend. And as those metrics continue to go up and to the right, we will -- people will find new ways to use domains, generate new small, medium businesses and continue to find ways on the Internet. So I think that as long as people continue to adopt the Internet, both domestically and internationally, we're going to see continued growth within .com.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I think Internet adoption, really, is the key here. I mean, I know some numbers, but I don't know some others. For example, the GDP in the U.S. is roughly $15 trillion. In Europe, it's roughly $16 trillion. And globally, it's about $63 trillion. What portion of U.S. GDP is economic activity that's reliant on the Internet? It's probably more -- substantially more than the rest of the world certainly and probably more than Europe. But the rest of the world is catching up. I think that's one way to just think about the opportunity. Pat's right, Internet adoption and growth, greater reliance of economic activity on the use of the Internet, that's going to continue at a rate that's probably faster than in the U.S. only because of the amount of penetration in the market here. And I think the challenge is ours to find ways to make sure we get our fair share and exploit it and be smart about how we go after it. And we look at those things, we think about them. And we see growth, and we see opportunities.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then any sense of how many names are up for renewal in Q1 of '12?
D. James Bidzos: I'm sorry, the number of names that are up for renewal in calendar 2012?
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: No, Q1 of '12.
D. James Bidzos: Oh, I'm sorry, Q1. I don't know if I have that number handy.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And the only other question, with regard to the registry, I think it's a -- somewhat of a follow-on to Walter's question when he talked about -- I think it's been 4 out of the last 6 quarters, you've been at the lower end of the range, and you talked about that really being a function of the renewal rate. And I know there's 2 varying renewal rates that you guys track. It's names that are 1 year old and names that are multiple years old. So if that's been coming in a little bit lower, is it one group or the other?
John Calys: The renewal rates on both are trending up slightly, both for first time and times renewing past their first time. I think the renewal rate split is about 56.2 on first time, and it's 82.2 roughly, I think, for second time and beyond. And certainly, as those names renew, beyond the first time, second, third and fourth, that rate continues to climb.
D. James Bidzos: By the way, we found the other number. So the number that's coming up for renewal in Q1 of 2012 is 25.2 million.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Jim, I wonder if you could tell us, if you'd be willing to tell us, how much NIA contribution or a growth range you're assuming for the revenue guidance for 2012.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we're not breaking that out, so it's probably early to tell you that. I hope that during 2012, we'll be able to tell you a lot more about it. I think all we said at this point and all I can say now is that the team is exceeding its bookings target that we assigned it.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And just one follow-up related to NIA. Is the distribution model changing yet very much quarter-on-quarter? Do you envision it changing much in 2012 for VeriSign?
D. James Bidzos: There's a transition that's going on that we're very pleased with. It's going well. That's part of the scaling efforts, is a shift in the distribution model, and that's going according to plan.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just had 2 housekeeping follow-ups. Can you go into a little bit more detail? I missed the 2-set impact on the non-recurring. I think you said it was a $4 million pretax charge. Can you just give us a little detail what that was regarding? And I had one other follow-up.
John Calys: That was a non-recurring item that we booked in fourth quarter, onetime for $4 million. And we don't expect it to recur, and it passed us.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But what was it tied to? What was it referring to?
John Calys: It referred to some non-income-related taxes, non-income tax.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, out of period.
John Calys: Right.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then the other one is, with the cash that you're able to repatriate, is there additional cash that you can use the same methods to repatriate additional cash going forward?
John Calys: At this point in time, what we repatriated was all of our previously taxed income, at least through the end of 2011 -- or 2010, I'm sorry, 2010. So there's a small amount of incremental income that's earned offshore that gets taxed U.S. every year. Obviously, the objective is not to have any, but there's a little bit each year. That amount that we repatriated had built it up over a few-year period. So I wouldn't [ph] say there's a substantial amount of previously taxed income to bring back near term.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Atchley for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: And that concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John Calys - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Controller David Atchley -  Patrick S. Kane - Senior Vice President and General Manager of Naming Services D. James Bidzos - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive officer, President and Founder
Analysts: Jaimin Soni Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the third quarter 2011 earnings call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I'm David Atchley, Corporate Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, President and CEO; and John Calys, Vice President, Interim CFO and Controller.  Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the Q3 2011 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call.  Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its strong standing policy, long standing policy, to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure.  The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website.  In a moment, Jim and John will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recordings of this conference call are not permitted.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The third quarter was another solid quarter for VeriSign. In our Naming business, the base of registered names in .com and .net totaled approximately 112 million at the end of September. In our NIA business, we again saw a strong bookings growth. Also, our strong balance sheet allowed us to repurchase 235 million in shares in the third quarter, leaving us with approximately 831 million under the current share repurchase program authorization. I'll comment now on third quarter operating highlights. As I've mentioned previously, in our Naming business, the base of registered names in .com and .net totaled approximately 112 million at the end of September. This represents an 8% increase year-over-year in the base and an approximately 2% increase quarter-over-quarter.  In the third quarter, we added 1.994 million, 1,994,000, net names to the domain name base, and we processed 7.9 million new registrations, which is an increase of approximately 5% year-over-year and our largest third quarter on record for new registrations. The Q2 2011 renewal rate was 73.1%. Our renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter. We believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2011 will be approximately 73.4%. We expect the Q4 net names added to the base to be between 1.8 million and 2.1 million names, which reflects the continued growth and the underlying drivers of Internet growth as well as seasonality.  With regard to our NIA business, the team performed very well and exceeded target bookings for the third quarter. We continue to study this fast-growing and evolving market for the best ways we might leverage our core strengths and optimize our offerings to scale for long-term success with an emphasis on quality of revenue.  Finally, before turning the call over to John, let me address our management changes. As you know, since August 1 of this year, I have assumed the responsibility of full-time CEO of the company. As you saw in our press release, there is no change to my status and the company will not be conducting a search for a new CEO. However, we will be conducting a CFO search. Until we complete that search, John Calys is in that interim role. He's been at VeriSign for nearly a year now and has been a successful Financial Operating Executive in other public companies as well. Thanks for your attention, and now I'll turn the call over to John.
John Calys: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. This was another solid quarter for us, as Jim explained. Let me recap our performance this quarter on our key operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth and free cash flow. Then I will discuss progress towards our annual guidance for 2011.  Revenue of $197 million for the third quarter was up 4% from the prior quarter and 14% year-over-year. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $723 million, an increase of $9 million from Q2 and 11% increase from the same period in 2010.  Non-GAAP operating margin for Q3 was 50.1% compared to 51.7% in Q2, which was benefited by 3.1% as a result of a $6 million nonrecurring expense reversal. Q3 non-GAAP operating expenses were $98 million, up 7% sequentially and flat year-over-year. The third quarter operating margin expansion was driven by a revenue growth and through realizing efficiencies in our business. Based on the progress to date, we expect fourth quarter 2011 exit non-GAAP operating margin to be at least 50%. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $64 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.39 compared to $0.38 in Q2 and $0.28 for the same period in 2010.  Income related to transition services included as a part of nonoperating income on the P&L was approximately $1.3 million in the third quarter and we expect approximately $1.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. With respect to taxes, we think a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 30% remains a reasonable estimate. In 2011, we expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $34 million, $28 million of which is related to the divestiture of the Authentication Services business. We exit third quarter with a diluted share count of 164 million shares compared to 170 million shares at the end of second quarter.  Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was $108 million in the third quarter. Free cash flow was a positive $75 million in Q3 given a $1 million increase in excess tax benefits and $34 million in capital expenditures in the quarter.  Related to capital expenditures, as we said in September 2010, we signed a long-term lease to move our corporate headquarters to Reston, Virginia. During third quarter 2011, VeriSign exercised its right of first refusal to purchase those -- these corporate headquarters.  During the third quarter, the company made an $11.8 million escrow payment and we expect to close the property purchase on November 15, 2011. We think capital expenditures, excluding the purchase of the Reston building, will be about 10% of revenue in 2011.  Also, we are exploring a range of options to finance the purchase of the Reston property. To reiterate, we saw a solid performance in Q3, we have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income, we have a strong balance sheet and expect strong cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. And with respect to 2011 guidance, revenue for 2011 should be in the range of $770 million to $775 million, representing growth of 13% to 14%. That's changed from $765 million to $775 million range given during the July earnings call.  Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be about 79%. Q4 2011 exit non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be at least 50%. We said at least 48% on the July call. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is still expected to be $25 million for 2011.  Capital expenditures are expected to be 10% of revenue, excluding the Reston property purchase. Our guidance is based on expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our businesses in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense.  I will now turn the call back to Jim.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, John. In summary, during the third quarter, we saw a 14% year-over-year revenue growth, we purchased $235 million worth of the company's shares, improved the zone by nearly 2 million names and improved and narrowed the range of our guidance for revenue in Q4 exit operating margin. We'll provide guidance for 2012 when we report year end numbers.  We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we will go to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, you're a trooper. I think this is the third time you stepped in as an interim CEO and decided to make it permanent. I'm just wondering, what was behind that decision?
D. James Bidzos: Well, Walter, yes, here I am again. So we had our Board meeting over the last couple of days and the Board had in front of it a specification for a CEO, and I think, the more we looked at it, the more the Board concluded that I would be a good fit. And we had a discussion about my availability to do that, and I was highly motivated and excited to do it and so here I am.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great, got it. And then, well, congrats. And then just on NAI (sic) [NIA], your language there, I think -- you're happy with the performance there, your billings exceeded your plan. I heard you use the words leverage and scale to that business. And I'm just wondering, are you thinking at all differently about how much you invest in that business, whether or not you pursue acquisitions and so forth? Maybe it was just me kind of detecting a different way of talking about that, but I want to get your view on that.
D. James Bidzos: Sure. I'm sorry, your question was specific to my comment.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: To NAI, yes, your comments on NAI suggest you might -- you may be looking to expand that business more than I had thought the company was looking to expand it before.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, NIA, well...
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm sorry, NIA, yes.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, my comments that we're happy with the fact that the team is performing well and that they're exceeding their targets, I think, is where we are with that business. I think it's exciting because it's certainly a growth business, that we're watching it very closely, as I've said. I think that if I would refer you to any particular part of what I said it would be the emphasis on quality of revenue, I think that's a really important feature of VeriSign's general business. And so as we look at growth opportunities, that's really the primary measurement for us. The primary consideration is the quality of revenue that's as close as possible to our core business. So I would point you more to that as kind of an interesting area for us. We are investing in it and we're excited about its prospects, but we'll be able to tell you more about it next year.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In the last 3 months, we know that the DOC has put the IANA agreement out for bid and from ICANN. And I know that's really in the process, but just wanted to get your view on what impact, if at all, that might have on your relationship with the 2 parties in your business?
D. James Bidzos: So if under some circumstance, the IANA function bid somehow were not awarded to ICANN, that should not affect, in any way, our contractual relationship and our operation of .com, .net.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we'll move along to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe I'll start with kind of a housekeeping question that's probably for John. I understand that you sell in U.S. dollars overseas, but is there any impact to the deferred revenue that resides on your balance sheet outside the United States from recent FX movements?
John Calys: All of our business is conducted even overseas in U.S. dollars, so it's U.S. dollar denominated, so the answer is no.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And a number of -- I know you bought $235 million worth of stock. Do you know how many shares of stock you may have repurchased in the period?
D. James Bidzos: I believe that number was 7.9 million shares.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Perfect. And, Jim, do you plan to be kind of hands-on in terms of the day-to-day operations of the company? Or is there a Chief Operating Officer or some role that is more day-to-day? Or how do you see yourself just in that role going forward?
D. James Bidzos: Well, I consider myself to be very much hands-on. Among the criteria for the new CEO that we considered was someone who has an understanding of the technical nature of the company's business, someone who is familiar with the community that we operate in. So my relationships with people in the ICANN community to go back more than 25 years and my long history in sort of the technical space, particularly as it relates to Internet infrastructure, the standard of the company and security technology, I think, were key qualifiers. In addition to that, I think other important parts of the considerations for the Board were my relationship with the management team. Three years ago, when I came in as CEO, I worked with very much of the management team that's here today. For 3 years, I've actually been the Executive Chairman. I've been mostly behind the scenes and maybe wasn't hands-on. But since August 1 when I returned as CEO, I think it will be fair to say that I've been very much hands-on. I think my background and tendencies are more in strategy and technology, so I would prefer to spend more of my time there. So I think you can look for the CFO hire and other management hires that we make to be complementary and support that desire of mine to spend more times in those areas.
Operator: Moving along, we'll go to Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jim, welcome back. Just one question, Jim, I guess, to -- for people online here just so they can have a better sense to sort of your view of sort of use of cash and kind of what your goals are for the company. And I mean, obviously, you're one of the guys kind of spearheading the movement to get down to the core business. I'm assuming it's not in your plan to change that at all, but just if you can, just answer that for everyone. But also just how do you think about use of cash in terms of your buyback and dividend going forward versus pension investment or M&A?
D. James Bidzos: Sure, Phil, happy to answer that. First of all, I know a lot of you are aware of this, maybe not all of you are, so let me just say it again that what we've just done is completed a 4-year restructuring that the Board put into motion in 2007. The Board decided then that we wanted to change direction, we wanted to divest our noncore businesses, focus on our core businesses and look for opportunities in core adjacencies. We've done that. And as Chairman, I do speak for the Board, but the Board collectively is what initiated that move. And we, I believe, have been very successful in doing that. We also committed to return excess cash to the shareholders. And just, again, as a bit of some historical info for those who aren't familiar with the company's history, now the company was formally and legally formed in April of 1995. It took $10 million in seed money from some strategic investors, it took roughly -- later on it took tens of millions from venture capitalists that did $150 million strategic ground prior to an IPO in January of '98, raising a substantial amount of money. That and a secondary that was done later raised hundreds of millions of dollars. And obviously, billions of dollars of revenue netting many, many millions of dollars of profits were reinvested in the business and acquisitions. When we did the divestiture program, we said we would return excess cash to the shareholders. And I believe we delivered on that, including what I think was a very disciplined approach to analyzing an offer to purchase our Authentication business, which, as you know, we closed in August 2010. The sale of that business for $1.28 billion also generated excess cash that we returned to the shareholders. So that strategy executed by the Board, directed by the Board, now completed, was followed then by, call it, a transition period where we provide the transition services to the acquiring parties of our divest businesses. We are for all practical purposes now at the end of that, so we're exactly where we wanted to be. So I would say that the philosophy of the Board, and I think as Chairman, one of my responsibilities is to speak for the Board is that we did that and now here I am as a member of the Board back in management. So I think if I can put it this way, I think we told you what we were going to do, but we walked the walk as well, and we did what we said we would do and return it. And I think we have a great opportunity going forward. But if you look back on share repurchase and how we've used cash, of course, we utilized extraordinary dividends when we thought that was appropriate and good for our shareholders and we used share repurchase when we thought that was appropriate. We do on a quarterly basis, like every company, responsibly analyze our cash needs and how we're going to use that cash. And with the cash available, we look for the best ways to return that cash to the shareholders. I think you can expect nothing different in the future. We'll continue to do exactly that.
Operator: Moving along, we'll go to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, prior to Mark McLaughlin being named CEO, it sounded like you're pretty adamant that you did not want to be a permanent CEO of VeriSign. I just want to make sure I'm clear as to kind of what has changed. Or does this, in any way, provide any type of signal in terms of VeriSign as maybe a merger candidate?
D. James Bidzos: I wouldn't read anything into this, absolutely nothing into this, other than the fact that the Board decided that I would be a good candidate for CEO, and I have made the decision to accept the offer to take that position. I found that -- the question was -- obviously, I have been living in California, although I do spend a lot of time in other places. Now for the last 3 months, I have essentially been here and I found that it's quite -- it's not inconvenient at all for me to be the full-time CEO and be hands-on. I'm very interested in the strategy. I'm very interested in where the company can go. I think the opportunities here are as great as they've ever been. I think that we're in a huge growth area. We're positioned very strongly. I'm excited about the prospects, I like the management team, I like the people at the company and I'm excited about being the hands-on CEO and running it. I don't think you should read anything into this announcement more than that.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, great. And then one question on the actual operation. When you look at the name growth, the $1.9 million names added, any insight from conversations with the registrars as to where they're seeing the growth coming from? And any commentary that you could give us around special marketing programs that maybe you guys ran in the quarter to help spur that growth?
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I think the short answer to your question is there are no extraordinary insights or unusual events that happened in the quarter that led to that growth. But just in case somebody asked really interesting questions about the domain name adds in that business and the registrar relationships, I have Pat Kane, our Senior Vice President who runs that business for us, and I'll ask Pat to comment as well.
Patrick S. Kane: So basically, the registrars have not seen a change in the behavior of the buying of names other than they see more small and medium businesses coming online. We see the international growth coming out of India and China and EMEA as far as the growth in Q3. So it's been positive for the registrars, and as a result, you heard earlier that we had the largest Q3 as far as new units that we've ever had.
Operator: And moving along, we will go to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. I know you addressed this, really, I apologize, we had some technical difficulties, but what was the renewal rate for Q2?
D. James Bidzos: The renewal rate we expect after the 45-day period when we name it down to be 73 -- it was 73.1% in Q2. I'm sorry, you're asking about Q2 not Q3, yes. 73.1% was the final renewal rate in Q2 of 2011.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then your anticipated one for Q3.
D. James Bidzos: 73.4%.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: 73.4%, okay. And kind of given the macro state, what are sort of your expectations with the renewal rates? Do you think you can sustain it here in this kind of 70s or 73% to 74% type of range? Or could we see slippage to that number?
D. James Bidzos: I'll let Pat comment in that. But let me just say, first of all, that there's a natural evolution here that we watch closely. The base of names is growing larger. The longer a name is in our zone and the more often it's renewed, the higher the renewal rate for that particular name. So even though, for example, in 2011, in Q1, we have the highest number of absolute net new ads in the history of the company and we have the highest Q2 of any Q2 in the company's history and the highest number of net new adds for this Q3 of any Q3 in the company's history. Despite those, the ratio of net new adds to the base of names obviously changes every quarter as you grow. So tracking the renewal rate and sort of making projections and understanding and interpreting it, I'm learning, is an extremely tricky business. So I think it's difficult to generalize, although I'll invite Pat to add some comments there if you like.
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, the thing that I would add there is that the older the base gets, you're going naturally have a progression to whether the renewal rate is going to go up. And so for example, this specific quarter, we had -- 66% of our base was previously reviewed domain names. And then when we get into 2012, that percentage will go up. And so you'll see a trend as the percentage of the base is older, that, that renewal rate will continue to go up.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I guess just along those lines, so if we look back at Q2, Q2 is down modestly year-over-year, and I would assume that's the base had aged over that year. So was there something within that quarter that was onetime in nature or...
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, we have -- from time to time, we have registrars that have onetime events that can affect by 1% or 2%, 0.01 or 0.02 of a percentage point, the renewal rate itself from the behaviors that we expect. So we did see an event that happened in the end of Q2 that affected that specifically.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, there are anomalies and there was an anomaly associated with a single registrar that gives us some comfort that, that was a onetime benefit actually.
Rob D. Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then in terms of the new name growth that you're seeing, I think it's around 5% this quarter. Do you think it should stay in this kind of low to mid single-digit range over the next year?
Patrick S. Kane: I think the answer is yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving along, we'll go to Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to ask about the new name guidance in Q4 of 1.8 to 2.1 names, certainly a healthy level but a little higher than what we were expecting. And in recent years, I believe, more often that not, we've seen new name add to be lower in Q4 than Q3. So I just wanted to ask about that net add guidance and your confidence level in that.
D. James Bidzos: Right. I think that the guidance is based simply on expected growth in the name base and seasonality. I don't think there's anything more to it than that. Pat, do you want to add anything to it?
Patrick S. Kane: Well, we basically pay attention to what each registrar does in terms of their behaviors and the math it had moving forward in terms of expected renewal rates from each of them and expect a growth from each of them. September has shown -- has come back. It always comes back seasonally out of the summer months. We can -- we expect that to continue over the next couple of months.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great, that's helpful. And I wonder if you can update us on how much of your $1.2 billion plus in cash right now is onshore.
John Calys: Yes, we have about $1.1 billion offshore and a little over $100 million onshore right now.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess that begs the question, Jim, with the high level of buyback that we saw here in the Q3. Clearly, that is not a sustainable level. I wanted to get your sense of your philosophy in regards to potentially issuing debt to increase the buybacks and just how you're looking at that going forward.
D. James Bidzos: I think John mentioned in his prepared comments during the call that we're looking at some financing options for the building, so cash for us is sort of a moving strategic issue that we discuss often. And all I can tell you is that our quarterly base is based on the cash available. We'll make decisions about returning cash to shareholders by a buyback. The -- there is a repatriation of some previously taxed income in our Swiss entity that I think we talked about to you in past quarters. And there is a process underway. It's -- generally seems to be a bit of a, I would say, a process that does have some red tape associated with it, some approvals that are required. But we put into process a repatriation of income from our Swiss entity that's previously taxed and, therefore, available for repatriation. So there are other components to the cash story that may not be readily apparent from some of our earlier comments. And again, with all of that factored in, the team will sit down, John and I will sit down, and we'll make an assessment of what our cash needs are and what's available. So we prefer to look backward on share repurchase and not forward, of course, but...
Operator: At this time, we'll take a follow-up from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to go back. Jim, you mentioned, the trickiness in analyzing the growth of the base, that's where I could use some help. So you have the all-time high on net new adds of names, but the base grew by 1.9 million names. I think the peak increase or the highest increase that you saw on the quarter was somewhere around 3.9 million or 4 million names. Maybe when can you compare and contrast the levers that go into that, whether it be the renewal rate, the new names transfers, deletions, et cetera? What are some of the moving parts that we should pay attention to? And where could that net increase in the base get back to? Should we get back to a 2, 2.5? Or should we think about this 1.9 or 2 to be the normalized level?
D. James Bidzos: Okay, let me -- I'll let Pat add some color to that, but I would just say that you asked a lot of questions in there, and I think there are a lot of different components the domain name growth to -- zone growth to analyze. First of all, just remember that some of the ratios are moving targets as the base grows. The number of net new adds, there are -- with the record number, for example, of net new adds in Q2 and Q3 for the quarters, of course, historically, what that means is that the -- we also had good growth in 2010. But essentially, you have a lot of first-time renewing rate names, which have been entirely different renewal rate than the names that are in the zone. And obviously, the longer they're there, the more changes. So tracking and analyzing the movement and understanding what other influences there are, anomalies, changes in advertising policy, technical changes that has been made in the past, for example, by Google, and factoring all that in, I think makes it really easy -- difficult, sorry, very difficult for us to give you 1 or 2 metrics that you can track. And I think it's hard to say that if you look at only net changes in the zone as a measurement, it's -- I think it's risky to do that. And I don't think it's possible on this call for us to give you enough information about the variables, the components and the levers to sort of make any sense out of that. Anything you'd like to add?
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, the other thing I would add to that is that if you take a look at the last 4 years, only 4 quarters have been $2.5 million zone growth or above, and 2 of those go back to Q1 and Q2 of 2008. And so as your base gets larger and your renewal rates stay fairly consistent, you got to start from a lower spot within a quarter to see zone growth. So if you have $100 million names that are going to expire and you got a 70% renewal rate, then you're going to have $30 million that you're going to have to replace to get growth. So as that base gets larger, then you're going to end up with a lower starting point to fill that gap in.
D. James Bidzos: And the different components that go into that calculation, the number of net new adds, the number of expiring names, are subject to being unduly influenced by anomalies or registrar activities. There are a couple of registrars that you're probably aware who are involved currently right now in very, very aggressive advertising campaigns in Q2. As Pat mentioned, we have one registrar who essentially took a large number of names out of the base at onetime to that. So it's hard with all those things to sort of track it. That's not one statistic, I'd be comfortable saying, you should monitor.
Operator: Moving along, we'll go to Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions, one is on expenses. How much room is there in the model to continue to show operating leverage? And then one for Jim, which is really how you're looking at potential growth opportunities, both within the business and adjacently philosophically what makes sense to potentially invest in? And I know it maybe premature, but are you looking at really expanding the scope of what VeriSign focused on currently?
John Calys: Yes, I'll take the first part of that. As far as operating expenses, obviously looking at the numbers over the past year as we've worked through our restructuring, we showed an improvement in operating margin, and that's as a result of being more efficient, more streamlined business. As far as going forward, we will provide guidance at our next call in terms of what our expectations are at that time.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, and so let me address your question about where the growth opportunities are, what looks interesting, how we'll be investing. I think there's a different way to look at VeriSign's growth opportunities, and we're starting to do that now as a management team. I think that there are a lot of core adjacencies that we really need to fully explore that would yield growth opportunities that collectively can be very exciting but have the special property, called the quality of revenue, that I like to use, which I think it's really important. I think all of you understand, of course, that VeriSign is a company that has a quality of revenue that makes it very different from most other companies. And so I think the -- the responsibility is ours to look for core growth and core adjacencies that can yield that. I think there are a lot of those. The Internet is evolving very quickly. We talked for years about monetizing our data streams. We're looking at ways that we can actually do that, that are very creative and I think maybe very worth looking at investing in. These are very, very modest investments that don't really change much of the way that we view use of cash and other things. There are strategic opportunities in the IPv4 to IPv6 transition. NIA is doing well as I mentioned earlier. And there are some ways, I think, we can offer expanded services that really haven't been considered before, so we want to do a very aggressive job of exploring those. And we've often mentioned ICANN's new gTLD program is something that we believe will be an opportunity for us. We do plan, as we've said, to apply to operate some of the new gTLDs. International growth is another area, internationalized domain names, both in the new gTLD program and under our existing programs, are an area that's of interest to us and there are actually quite a few more that we're looking at. So this is an incredible, an exciting opportunity, to really be creative and look for sensible growth where it makes sense right in our core and adjacent to it. Again, quality of revenue is the key.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And moving along, we will go to Scott Kessler with Standard & Poor's.
Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research: So the first question I have is related -- John, maybe you could talk a little bit about the building purchase and how you expect it to affect the P&L. And I have another question.
John Calys: Sure. The building purchase, first of all, we see it as an attractive property and an opportunity to acquire an asset that's important to our long-term corporate headquarters and employee base. As far as near-term P&L impact, it's relatively neutral to maybe slightly positive to operating margin, but it's a relatively immaterial amount.
Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And if I can also ask, there's been some discussion about international. Can you tell us what the international contribution to revenue was in Q3?
John Calys: The approximate -- I think about 40%, roughly, is our international revenue contribution. I'm giving an approximate number, so I think it's between 39% and 40%.
D. James Bidzos: Yes.
John Calys: Yes.
Operator: At this time, we'll take the last question from Jaimin Soni with Bank of America.
Jaimin Soni: This is Jaimin Soni for Kash Rangan. I just have a very quick question. I was wondering if you can just talk about, given that you have a price increase coming up in the first quarter of next year, in the past when price increases were instituted, have you seen any flow through of new domain names coming up in the quarter before just in anticipation of the next price increase?
D. James Bidzos: Pat, do you want to comment on that?
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, this is Pat. So we don't see a new unit pull forward. What we end up seeing is we're seeing a renewal transaction pull forward, which basically affects deferred revenue. But in terms of affecting the renewal rates or affecting the new units, we don't see a lot of changes.
Operator: And this does conclude the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn it back over to our hosts for any additional or closing remarks.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. With regard to events in the fourth quarter, please note that Jim and John will be presenting at the Credit Suisse Technology Conference at 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, November 29. The webcast registration details for this conference will be available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark McLaughlin - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Bidzos - Chairman David Atchley -  Brian Robins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the VeriSign Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Atchley. Please go ahead, sir.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I'm David Atchley, Corporate Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board; Mark McLaughlin, President and CEO; and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our new corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the Q2 2011 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentations, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website.  In a moment, Jim, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks, and afterward, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we discuss the quarter, let me say a few words. As you've read in our second quarter earnings press release, Mark McLaughlin will be leaving the company on August 25, and I will be reassuming the positions of President and CEO effective August 1. Mark is leaving VeriSign to become CEO of a private company. We will discuss this transition in more detail after we review our second quarter results.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone. Second quarter was another quarter for VeriSign, and we continue to be pleased with the company's performance. In our Naming business, we exceeded 8 million new domain name registrations for the second consecutive quarter. In addition, through continued disciplined operations, we were able to achieve ongoing operating margin expansion. Also, our balance sheet remains healthy, which allowed us to repurchase $100 million in shares in the second quarter, leaving us with approximately $1.1 billion under the current share repurchase authorization program.  Before I get into Q2 results, I want to highlight and comment on a few key events from a busy quarter. First, on May 11, we announced that VeriSign entered into a settlement agreement and mutual release with the Coalition for ICANN Transparency, or CFIT, which resolved the over 5-year long CFIT litigation. As we indicated in the press release and 8-K, under the terms of the agreement, CFIT filed a dismissal with prejudice of all claims in the litigation. Further, there was no payment associated with the dismissal, and the parties executed mutual releases from all claims now and in the future related to the litigation. As we've stated in the past, we always believe the case to be without merit.  Second, on June 20, ICANN announced that its Board of Directors had approved their plan to increase the number of generic top-level domains. We view the introduction of new gTLDs as an adjacent growth opportunity. We believe that VeriSign's experienced and trusted brand should make us a logical choice to operate the registry for many organizations applying for new gTLDs. ICANN announced they will begin accepting applications for new gTLDs on January 12, 2012.  On June 28, we were pleased to announce that ICANN and VeriSign had renewed VeriSign's contract to serve as the authoritative registry operator for the .net registry for another 6 years. With the steady growth of the Internet and the ever-increasing demand on the DNS, VeriSign is committed to invest in, scale and enhance our world-class infrastructure that supports .net to ensure its continued, secure, stable operation. We are proud that we have been entrusted with the continued responsibility of running .net.  And lastly, by way of update in the third quarter, on July 14, we announced an increase in registry domain name fees for .com and .net per our agreements with ICANN. As of January 15, 2012, the registry fee for .com domain names will increase from $7.34 to $7.85, and the registry fee for .net domain names will increase from $4.65 to $5.11. The fee increases will have no direct impact to 2011 revenue since the increases are not effective until January 15, 2012.  Continued strong global Internet usage growth, along with increasingly powerful cyber attacks, leveled against all parts of the Internet's critical infrastructure, have dramatically increased the demands on Internet infrastructure providers. The volume of DNS queries on VeriSign's global Internet infrastructure has more than doubled in the last 5 years. Future growth is expected to occur in an even faster pace. VeriSign's infrastructure has maintained 100% operational stability for more than a decade due to continued innovation and investment in the infrastructure.  I'll comment now on second quarter results. At Registry Services, the base of registered names in .com and .net totaled approximately 110 million names at the end of June. This represents an 8% increase year-over-year in the base and an approximately 2% increase quarter-over-quarter. In the quarter, we added 1.95 million net names to the domain name base. In the second quarter, we processed 8.1 million new registrations, which is in approximately 2% increase year-over-year. This is the company's second largest quarter in our history for new registrations.  On the renewal rate side, the Q1 2011 renewal rate was 73.8%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2011 will be approximately 73.5%. We expect the Q3 net names added to the base to be between 1.8 million and 2.1 million names, which reflects the continued growth in the underlying drivers of the Internet, as well as seasonality. With regard to our NIA business, we have ramped up our sales efforts, saw positive traction in the market, and again exceeded our planned bookings metrics during the second quarter. Additionally, our product roadmap of offerings and enhancements has allowed us to deliver services to the market that addresses the growing complexity of managing networks in an era of cloud computing. We believe we're well positioned for a leadership role in this fast growing but fragmented market. With the second quarter behind us, we've capped a solid first half of 2011 and look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call.  Thanks for your attention, and I'll now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Robins: Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. As Mark said, this was another solid quarter for us, and I'm pleased about the progress we have made towards our goals. Let me quickly recap our performance this quarter on our key operating metrics which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth and free cash flow, and then I'll discuss progress towards our annual guidance. Revenue of $190 million for the second quarter was up 5% from the prior quarter and up 13% year-over-year. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $714 million, an increase of $15 million or 2% from 1Q and up 11% from the same period in 2010.  Q2 non-GAAP operating expenses were $92 million, down 7% quarter-over-quarter and down 8% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q2 was 51.7% compared to 45.9% in Q1. Second quarter margin expansion was driven primarily by the $6 million nonrecurring accrued expense reversal taken during the quarter, which increased operating margin by 3.1%.  Additionally, we realized cost savings through streamlining our business as we have completed our divestitures. We have achieved these savings in G&A support services and we realized them faster than expected. Based on the progress to date, we expect fourth quarter 2011 exit non-GAAP operating margin to be at least 48%.  Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $65 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.38 compared to $0.32 in Q1 and $0.23 in the same period in 2010. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the second quarter of 2011 includes a $6 million recurring accrued expense reversal, which increased diluted earnings by $0.02 per share. Income-related transition services, included as part of nonoperating income on the P&L, was approximately $2.3 million in the second quarter.  A quick comment on taxes. We continue to believe a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 30% is a reasonable estimate. In 2011, we expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $40 million, $28 million of which is related to the divestiture of Authentication Services.  We exit Q2 with a diluted share count of 170 million shares. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was approximately 1 million shares based on the average share price during the quarter.  Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was $13 million in the second quarter, noting that the contingent interest payment totaling $100 million was paid on May 18, 2011. Free cash flow was negative $4 million in Q2, given a $3 million decrease in excess tax benefits and $14 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. We still believe capital will be approximately 10% of revenue in 2011, given anticipated facility spend related to the move of our corporate headquarters.  As a quick housekeeping item, we've now included unrealized gain loss on contingent interest derivative on convertible debentures as a non-GAAP item. You will now see this item on our reconciliation statement, with first quarter showing a $250,000 loss, while Q2 showed a $700,000 gain.  To sum up, we're pleased with our performance. We continue to grow non-GAAP operating income and net income. We have a healthy cash position and a strong cash flow generating capabilities of our business continue to be a key benefit of our financial model.  We're pleased to report on the status of transitional Authentication Service business to Symantec and corporate functions to the East Coast. Progress has been on track with the bulk of the transition wrapped up. I would like to thank both the East Coast and West Coast employees for their hard work and dedication and making this a successful transition. As noted previously, income related to transition services in Q2 was approximately $2.3 million. We now expect approximately $2 million in the second half of the year.  Let's move on to guidance, 2011 guidance. We have tightened the revenue for 2011. We'll be in the range of $765 million to $775 million or growth of 12% to 14%. We now expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 79%. Q4 exit non-GAAP operating margin, as mentioned earlier, is expected to be at least 48%. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income, net, which are previously referred to as other loss, net, is still expected to be $25 million for 2011. As I mentioned previously, capital expenditures are expected to be approximately 10% of revenue.  Our guidance is based on expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our businesses, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expenses. I am excited about the opportunities for the company. We believe the disciplined execution opportunities that leverage our competitive advantages will provide a platform for long-term profitable growth.  I'll now turn the call back to Jim. Jim?
James Bidzos: Okay. Thanks, Brian and Mark. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, Mark will be leaving to pursue another opportunity. Mark's departure comes at the end of a major 4-year restructuring for the company. We've gone from over 5,000 people to just over 1,000. We operate 15 offices internationally versus more than 80, 4 years ago. We divested a number of businesses, including our Authentication unit, and returned billions of dollars of our shareholders. We relocated our headquarters from California to Virginia.  Throughout what was, at times, a very challenging restructuring, we maintained a perfect operational record. And in just the last 6 months, we favorably settled the long-standing CFIT lawsuit, we've renewed .net and expanded our core business with our NIA units.  Mark led the company through much of this transition and his contributions to our success are significant and appreciated by the board and employees. Mark leaves VeriSign a stronger company with a stable and growing revenue base and an experienced management team that delivers network performance and reliability the world has come to expect, plus focused and disciplined financial management that continues to deliver profitability and shareholder returns.  Mark?
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Jim. As Jim mentioned, I'll be leaving VeriSign at the end of August for a new opportunity that will be announced next week. This was a very difficult decision for me, given that I've been part of the VeriSign team and family for a long time, and it's such a great company.  As Jim said, the team that I've had the honor of working at VeriSign has accomplished an impressive amount of work and has created a lot of value over the past few years. While I have the honor of leading the company during this time period, the credit for its accomplishments goes to the team. It has been my pleasure and privilege to work with such an outstanding team, and I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all of them for their continued hard work and friendship.  Jim?
James Bidzos: Thank you, Mark, and thanks for all you've done. We all wish you the best.  Looking forward, the company is well positioned to continue growing for the remainder of this year and beyond. We'll now take your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Philip Winslow at Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Just got 2 questions here. Just first, on the margin front. Even x the $6 million onetime reversal, you guys way exceeded the consensus margins for this quarter. Brian, when you look over the sort of the course of the year and obviously you've got some transitional costs, how much more do we have in terms of these transitional costs rolling off versus sort of any incremental that we might see coming on? And then also, just in terms of use of cash. I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of what percentage of your balance sheet is in the U.S, and just how should we think about the use of cash that you have in the U.S.?
Brian Robins: Phil, this quarter, there's -- as far as the margin side, there's a couple of things I want to touch on. As I said in my prepared remarks, we reported an operating margin of 51.7% for the second quarter, the onetime expense reversal $6 million added 3.1%. So if you adjust for this operating margin on a normalized basis, it would've been 48.6%. The increase in the second quarter was attributed to a couple of things. We had a slower ramp in new hires than anticipated, and we achieved across-the-board G&A savings. And then finally, we really completed the transition from the West Coast to the East Coast. We only have a few employees remaining on the West Coast that we're transitioning, and the last employee is being notified on August 3. So I think from a margin perspective, we've taken out most of the excess, if you will. We did increase our operating exit run rate guidance at the end of the year to, say, it'd be at least 48% from 46%, 48%. So we will continue to try to extract savings out of the business. On the cash side, yes, I guess, first, let's step back. And one of the things that we said earlier was that over the course of the -- of 2011, is we would return the remaining proceeds from the Authentication Services divestiture, if you look from Q4 to this quarter, we paid about $1 billion in special dividends, $200 million in contingent interest and have done about $315 million of buybacks. So we've returned about $1.5 billion, which is in excess of proceeds that we received from Symantec. We have just have over $1 billion remaining on the buyback authorization. If you look at the balance sheet, about a little over $300 million is domestic, about $1.1 billion is international. And we're committed to returning value to shareholders, and we'll evaluate quarterly on the most effective way of achieving it.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Steve Ashley at Robert W. Baird & Co.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I guess I would like to drill down on the domain names, appeared to slow a little bit from the growth we had seen, came in just a tick below the low end of the guidance range, a lot of noise out in the street during the period. And we just love to get some color on what you thought might have been going on there.
Brian Robins: Steve, this Brian. Yes, if you take a step back, we said at the beginning of the year that the new names in the zone would grow about 7% to 9% yearly. And so as we sit here today, it looks like the net new names will be right in the middle of that range. In Mark's prepared remarks, he said the renewal rate be approximately 73.5%. And so we also saw the net new -- I'm sorry, the new registrations for the names to be the second largest in the company's history. And so there was a little decline over first quarter, but we still feel pretty comfortable with the 8 -- 7% to 9% year-over-year rate in the middle of that range.
James Bidzos: This is Jim, I just want to point out as well that, well, the second quarter was the second largest in the company's history for net new adds. It was the largest 2Q net new adds in the company's history.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Great. And in terms of the transition from the West Coast to the East Coast, in terms of the management team, the management structure, did everyone make the move, or are there still some open boxes in the org chart that need to be backfilled after the transition?
Mark McLaughlin: Steve, it's Mark. Yes, the entire executive team is on the East Coast at this point. So the transition is complete.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next from JPMorgan, Sterling Auty.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: There's going to be lots of speculation on our conversations tomorrow, so I want to just kind of hit it. Is there any additional color that you can give, without giving the name of the company obviously, but the thought process going in? You navigated the company through a lot of divestiture, lot of change and successfully, so why not see it further on in terms of the growth of the company? What was the motivating factor to make the change now?
Mark McLaughlin: Sterling, so -- the -- where I'm going will get announced next week, so we won't' talk anymore about that. VeriSign is, as I think you know how I feel about it, is a fantastic company. I've got about 10 years of total time at VeriSign. It's been an absolute pleasure to work with the team, and particularly, in the last 3 years, gone through a lot of the restructuring, taking the company forward. So I kind of look at this as an apples-to-oranges situation. The opportunity I'm going to an is a private, pre-public company, got the opportunity to possibly take a company public. I haven't done that in my career before, so I think that's a good career opportunity for me. So it says nothing about VeriSign as to where I'm going, because this company is a hell of a great company, very stable, and it's got a great future.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: All right, great. And then the -- now on to the current business. If we look at it -- so you got about 2 million names that were actually added in the quarter, while the net new addition, the second largest in a quarter -- correct me if I'm wrong, I think the true net addition peak was probably 4 million or thereabouts. What's it going to take -- can we get back to those kind of quarters were you're adding a net increase of 4 million names to the base? And what's going to be necessary? Because I also don't think that we're that far off the peak on the renewal rates.
Mark McLaughlin: Sterling, it's Mark. I think that whole period in 2007 coming in, into the first quarter of 2008 had the PPC phenomenon. And at which -- I'll call that a phenomenon. So in the absence of something very specific like that happen, I think you continue to see a more steady growth rate than that sort of pop we saw for 4 or 5 quarters back there, when you had 4 million names.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: okay, that's fair. And the last question, is there -- was there any special programs that you're running with the registrars in the quarter? And then there's lots of news about Go Daddy and what might be happening with its ownership there. Was there any disruption that maybe you saw?
Brian Robins: Sterling, this is Brian. On the Go Daddy front, there -- continue to be a really important customer. There was no disruption that we saw in the quarter, very focused, and they executed well during the quarter. On the revenue programs, as I stated earlier, we run a number of programs throughout the year. We did nothing different in the second quarter that we've done in previous quarters, and we actually increased our revenue guidance for the year and narrowed the range.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Walter Pritchard at Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: I have 2 questions. One, Brian, for you. You've given your revenue guidance for the year, and we can pretty much extrapolate that out for Q3 and Q4. And you've talked about, at least, 48% operating margins. I guess I'm not expecting you to put a tighter range on the 48%. But I guess I'm wondering, you did 48.5% here, and I guess wondering why things wouldn't expand from the 48.5%. And specifically, if there's anything outside of the $6 million that you talked about, the accrual that's an expense, that maybe we're not thinking about that comes back in, in the second half?
Brian Robins: Okay. Couple of different things there. So on the margin side, 48.5%, 48.6%, how do you feel about the 48% on a go-forward basis. There's a couple of things. One is we're ramping up our hiring, and so we're -- there's a timing delta that will come on in the second half of the year. Secondly, as we took possession, if you will, of our new headquarters on July 1, which adds approximately $2 million a quarter run rate from an expense perspective, and there's a couple of other things that are happening. And so as I stated earlier, in previous calls, when we announced the Authentication sales, there's going to be some lumpiness between sort of the sale and the final transition. And so there are some onetime things that happened this quarter that won't repeat themselves in third and fourth quarter. And so we wanted to increase the guidance, and we said at least 48% exit operating margin in the fourth quarter.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Great. And then just for Jim on the CEO search. I'd imagine, Jim, you're probably not stepping back in here to be permanent CEO. You've stepped in a few times, but I'm wondering if you'd maybe this early in the process, that you'd give us some color on sort of the search process, if you're looking at internal and external candidates, and any color on timing?
James Bidzos: Okay, sure. Well, first of all, we'll look for another CEO, and I assume we'll conduct a search to do that. Right now, I'm focused on taking full advantage of Mark's willingness to be here until August 25 and ensure a smooth transition, so that's sort of my focus. We're in a transition. That's essentially a succession plan we've had in place. This news is just a few days old. But I'm really focused on taking advantage of Mark's availability and just working through a smooth transition and probably have more to say about it next time we talk.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll hear from Gregg Moskowitz at Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: I'm wondering if you could talk about international domain name growth this quarter, and how that compared relative to domestic. And maybe if you can sort of touch on some of the more emerging markets countries, such as China, India and Brazil, that'd be helpful.
Brian Robins: Hey, this is Brian. International continues to be about 39% of our base. We report the international names by where the registrar is located and not by where the end users at. We recently have seen an increase in resellers changing registrars and consolidation in the industry. Because the names don't switch until they're renewed, it's becoming difficult for us to track this activity. Therefore, the international growth that we report versus domestic growth is getting a little cloudier. However, international continues to be very important and is still growing. So for instance, China grew 16% year-over-year, EMEA grew about 13% year-over-year and India has grown about 11% year-over-year.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, great. And, Brian, I'm wondering if you can give us a sense as well of how the contra revenue amount in Q2 compared on a sequential and year-over-year basis, as well as maybe what you're expecting for Q3?
Brian Robins: Yes. So as I mentioned earlier, I think it was Sterling's question, it's -- it was less than Q1. It was immaterial. And we've guided towards revenue for the full year, and it's included in the revenue guidance.
Operator: Moving on to Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: Can you give us a sense of what kind of revenue growth you're seeing sequentially right now in the NIA business? And I guess this is a question for Jim. What are your expectations for revenue contributions into next year from IDNs and the new TLDs? When does money start changing hands, particularly on the new TLD assignments that you may get?
Brian Robins: Dan, this is Brian. I'll take the -- let me take the NIA one, first. And then either myself, Mark or Jim will take the TLD one. On NIA, we really like this space. As we said previously, we estimate it to be at a million -- $1 billion market with double-digit growth. Our teams had a great quarter. As I talked about this, we basically rebuilt the management team and the sales team, put together the product roadmap and are now out executing on that. And so in the quarter, we exceeded our bookings target, and we're continuing to build our sales force. We believe with our brand and operational performance, this is our market to lose. And so we haven't given any guidance specifically on that, but we're doing better than expected.
James Bidzos: Dan, this is Jim. With respect to IDNs, we haven't given any guidance for 2012 of course. But the first IDNs actually don't go operational until January of 2013. So it's too early for us to be talking about that.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: The new TLD is Jan. '13 or I'm sorry?
James Bidzos: I thought you said IDN specifically. If you're talking about new gTLDs, I'm sorry if I misunderstood.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Dan, the timeline given what ICANN just did in Singapore, is applications will be accepted starting in January 2012. Then there's that -- that will take basically the course of that year to run through the application process and all that's going to occur. They'll be awarded near the end of 2012. So as Jim is saying is you can expect to see new gTLDs actually hit the zone sometime in the late 2012 or early 2013. So from a contribution standpoint for 2012, it would be minimal regardless, and we haven't given any guidance for 2012 yet.
James Bidzos: Yes, if you -- Jim. If you got to ICANN's website, their program is to take applications during the first few months of 2012, review them, make announcements at the end of the year. And then the first ones, at the earliest, would go operational in 2013. We're talking about 2 gTLDs, I just want to be clear. And that -- then of course obviously, we would have negotiate venture into relationships to provide registry and back-end services to these new gTLD operators. So I would expect that there would be some amount of time to trail the operation of some of these before we actually get involved and have any revenue that we could talk about or forecast.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: And I guess one other question I just had, related to IDNs, the international domain names. When do you think you might see some noticeable demand stimulus from some of the technical work you're doing around IDNs?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So on the IDN front specifically, the -- well, there's -- not to overcomplicate things, but there's 2 categories just to keep things straight. There is IDN which are the zone today already. We have about 1 million of those names in the zone. That means that the internationalized version of the name .englishcom, those names grow at about the same rate as the rest of our zone. The second type which is IDN.IDN or what people call the trans federations are in the new gTLD category. And as Jim said, from a timing perspective, you wouldn't see them hit the market until we are through the application process, because we would apply for those. So impact-wise, it'd be 2013 before we would be live or late 2012, I think, before we would be live in the market. So they're included in that new gTLD.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Ed Maguire at CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I was -- just wondering if you could discuss your thoughts about the potential pricing for your back-end services for new gTLDs. What you think the market might bear? You're able to charge varying tariffs, as it were, between com and net and names like .gov and would appreciate any color you could throw, at least, on what the dynamics of that market may look like, from your perspective.
Brian Robins: Hey, Ed, this is Brian. The -- as Mark and Jim alluded to, the application window opens on January 12 and closes on April 12. And so it's really early in the process, and we don't know what the requirements are going to be for back-end service options, if you will. And so we have-- the team has been busy from business development perspective, working with a number of brands and registrars and setting up partnerships, but really depends based on what the applications are that they want us to do from a back-end perspective. We feel from a company perspective, with our operational performance and our 100% uptime for over a dozen years, that we're really well positioned to be the key player there.
James Bidzos: And this is Jim, just adding a comment here as well. And -- Brian's right. It really depends on how people use some of these new gTLDs, which aren't entirely clear -- isn't entirely clear at this point. There may be people who applied to operate one of them for the purpose of selling names and making a business of it. If we were the back-end registry provider, we might have a certain type of relationship based on their exploitation of that gTLD. There are other folks from marketing or branding purposes or other recognition purposes that may operate it, that may not be primarily about selling domain names in that gTLD, we may have an entirely different model for that. We really need to wait and see what emerges, who applies, who succeeds and how they plan to use it. But again, having the premier most reliable, longest-standing registry operation, we certainly see that as an opportunity however it does play out.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Great. And one final question which is relating to your stance towards M&A. With the executive changes on the way, could you update us on your current thinking, and what your considerations may be regarding potential acquisitions?
James Bidzos: Sure. I -- let me try to answer that question on a slightly broader level that I think will address the specific question that you raised. As I mentioned, this is a 4-year restructuring. We're at the tail end of it. But we have a management team that's executing on a strategy that's been developed in conjunction with the board over a number of years. Mark was on the board, I'm on the board, obviously, as Chairman. I've also been Executive Chairman. I've worked closely with his management team. But basically, there is no change in our strategy. There is no change in any of the company's outlook, forecast, its management team, its ability to operate, its commitment for growth. There's no change in our commitment to return value to shareholders, and there's no change in our commitment to grow. And if that makes sense through M&A, we've talked about tuck-in M&A where it might make sense. We still view that as an opportunity. We believe we have enough cash on hand for those opportunities that arise. But at this point, we don't see nor do we expect any significant M&A activity that would change the strategy that we're on.
Operator: We have time for one final question. That will come from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch: On the gTLD front, I'm just wondering if you could maybe have done this -- apologies for asking the question again. Can you give us a sense for how big the market opportunity is, be it number of domains, number of sites, and how fragmented or uniform does this market look like? And finally, what kind of synergies, not to get too ahead, but assuming you are successful on this next evolution, what kind of synergies do you currently have, via technology infrastructure, business operations, that will allow you to tap into that market effectively? That's it for me.
James Bidzos: Sure, this is Jim. Let me address that again. I think, first of all, we -- our best information about what's likely to emerge in the new gTLD space comes from ICANN's own forecast. I think that their most optimistic expectations that they talked about are somewhere possibly near 1,000 ultimately. How long that takes them, when that ever gets realized, we're not sure. Again, we don't know how many new gTLD operators will come into the business primarily to sell domain names. So what that name space and what that opportunity represents from that perspective is just really, really difficult to identify. We just simply can't tell you. I think the best way to think about this is that it's a market that's going to emerge in a way that's yet undetermined. And that we, as the longest operating registry with the longest record of uptime and availability and reliability, are best positioned to exploit that market. That's the best offering we have, to be essentially the premier service provider, to what will undoubtedly be a number of people who have no registry experience. ICANN has also said that one of the most important things about a top-level domain is that the operation has to be demonstrably secure. It needs reliability and security, first and foremost, and so I think that bodes well for our opportunity. But I think it's just virtually impossible for us to predict what that market might look like, how big it might grow and what direction it might take. So I hope that answered that question.
Operator: At this time, Mr. Atchley, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing comments.
David Atchley: Thank you, operator. With regards to events in the third quarter, please note that Brian will be presenting at the Citi Technology Conference [Citi Global Technology Conference] at 1:45 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, September 7. On September 13, Ben Petro, Senior Vice President, Network Intelligence and Availability, will be presenting at the ThinkEquity 8th Annual Growth Conference at 3:45 p.m. Eastern Time. The webcast registration details for these conferences will be available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website.  Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for joining us.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark McLaughlin - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brian Robins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Nancy Fazioli - Investor Relations
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG Kelly McLeod
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the VeriSign's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli. Please go ahead.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Nancy Fazioli, Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Mark McLaughlin, President and CEO; and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our new corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the Q1 2011 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today includes forward-looking statements and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q and in the applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results from today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentations, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks, and afterwards, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. Mark?
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon, everyone. We continue to be pleased with the company's performance. We are seeing a combination of a record number of new domain name registrations and strengthening in renewal rates. Also, we continue to achieve ongoing operating margin expansion through disciplined operations. And our balance sheet remains healthy, which allows us to declare a special dividend and to have repurchased $200 million in shares in the first quarter.  As a leading Internet infrastructure provider, our business is being driven by the continued growth in underlying Internet trends such as online advertising, e-commerce, more global Internet users and the paradigm shift to cloud computing. We believe we are well positioned to participate in driving and securing that growth as well as to help our customers strengthen the integrity and effectiveness of their Internet services.  Before getting into first quarter results, I'd like to comment on the $2.75 per share special dividend that we announced today. As you may recall, in December of last year, when we paid out a $3 special dividend, we expressed our intention that we would return to shareholders at least the proceeds from the sale of our Authentication Service business, which was approximately $1.3 billion.  With the $3 special dividend in December, the $200 million of share repurchases in the first quarter and today's $2.75 special dividend, we have returned an excess to proceeds of that sale to the shareholders. Post this dividend payment of $463 million, as well as the related contingent interest payment of $100 million to holders of our convertible bonds, we have approximately $1.4 billion remaining on the balance sheet. Following the first quarter share repurchases, we have approximately $1.2 billion remaining in share repurchase authorization, which has no expiration.  Now I'm moving on to first quarter results. In Registry Services, the base of registered names in .com and .net totaled 108 million names at the end of March. This represents a 9% increase year-over-year in the base and an approximately 3% increase quarter-over-quarter.  In the first quarter, we processed a record 8.3 million new registrations, which is an approximately 3% increase year-over-year. And in the quarter, we added 2.74 million net names to the domain name base.  On the renewal rate side, the Q4 2010 renewal rate was 72.7%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2011 will be between 73.5% and 74%. We expect the Q2 net names added to the base to be between 2 million and 2.3 million names, which reflect the continued growth in the underlying drivers of the Internet, as well as seasonality.  As many of you are aware, our contract with ICANN for .net comes up for renewal on June 30 of this year. On April 11, we announced that ICANN had posted the negotiated renewal terms for the .net Registry Agreement for public comment. There are no material changes to the terms of the proposed renewal agreement from the existing agreement. ICANN's internal policies call for a comment period for the proposed agreement, which we expect will run for approximately 30 days. And we expect the agreement to be renewed by July 1.  I would also like to highlight that we successfully implemented DNSSEC in the .com zone on March 31, following implementation of DNSSEC in .net in December and the root zone last fall. This is a significant accomplishment of both teams, that has been in the works for many years, and that required collaboration with numerous constituencies in the Internet ecosystem. We're proud of the role we played in this multi-stakeholder initiative.  With regard to the case filed by the Coalition for ICANN Transparency or CFIT against VeriSign, the court established a timeline for the litigation last October that included a summary judgment hearing this past March on certain threshold issues. That hearing took place in March 11, and the matter is pending with the court. We have no other updates on that motion. Also, as noted in our 8-K filed on February 14, the court dismissed CFIT's third amended complaint and allowed for CFIT to amend certain allegations. CFIT subsequently filed a fourth amended complaint, and VeriSign filed an answer to that complaint on March 8. According to the court schedule, final summary judgment hearing is scheduled for October 2011, and a trial date is set for December 5, 2011. Beyond the dates just mentioned, given that this is ongoing litigation, we will not be commenting further other than to reiterate that we continue to feel confident about the case, and we'll defend our position vigorously.  With regard to our Network Intelligence and Availability business, we continue to make good progress. On March 31, we announced 2 enhancements to our Managed DNS service, including the rollout of support for DNSSEC compliance features, as well as Geo Location. These services strengthen our offering, and we'll continue to strive for a leadership position in this fast-growing, but bright-end market. With the first quarter results, we're off to a good start for the year, and we look forward to updating you on our progress through the year.  Thanks for your time. And I'll now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Robins: Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. As Mark said, this was a good quarter for us. And I'm pleased about the progress we made toward our goals.  I'd like to add to Mark's comments regarding the $2.75 per share special dividend. We use the dividend as an efficient return to shareholders, given our capital position, following the sale of Authentication Services.  From a taxability perspective, which is impacted by the $100 million contingent interest payment to our convertible bondholders, we believe most, if not all, the dividend would likely be a return of capital to the shareholders, and the remainder would be a qualified dividend as defined under the Internal Revenue Code.  Let me quickly recap our performance this quarter on our key operating metrics, which are revenue, preferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth and free cash flow. And then I'll discuss progress towards our annual guidance. Revenue of $182 million for the first quarter was up 2% from a prior quarter and up 12% year-over-year. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $699 million, an increase of $36 million or 5% from Q4 and up 13% from the same period in 2010. Deferred revenue has been reported on a continuing operations or Naming Services basis since the second quarter of last year. And as of this quarter, the balance sheet is also a clean comparison. Q1 non-GAAP operating expenses were $98 million, down 1% quarter-over-quarter and relatively flat year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q1 was 45.9% compared to 44.3% in Q4. We expect continued margin expansion in line with our previously stated intention of achieving a 46% to 48% exit margin in the fourth quarter of this year. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $55 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.32 compared to $0.31 in Q4 and $0.22 in the same period in 2010. Income related to transition services included as part of our nonoperating income on the P&L was approximately $3.5 million in the first quarter. A quick comment on taxes. We continue to believe a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 30% is reasonable estimate. In 2011, we will pay cash taxes of approximately $40 million, of which $28 million is related to the divestiture of the Authentication Services business.  We exit Q1 with the diluted share count of 172 million shares. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was approximately 500,000 shares based on the average share price during the quarter. Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was $90 million in first quarter, noting that bonus payments are made in the quarter. Free cash flow was $78 million in Q1, given $4 million excess tax benefits and $16 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Capital expenditures are on track this quarter and include certain infrastructure initiatives as was facilities-related expenditures corresponding to the move of corporate headquarters. We now believe capital expenditures to be closer to 10% of revenue in 2011, given anticipated facilities spend related to the move of corporate headquarters to our new lease space.  To sum up, we're pleased with our performance. We continue to grow non-GAAP operating income and net income faster than revenue. We have a healthy cash position, and the strong cash flow generation capabilities of our business continued to be a key benefit of our financial model.  Before I move on to guidance, I want to touch upon the status of the transition of Authentication Services business to Symantec and corporate functions to the east coast. Progress has been good, and we still expect the bulk of the transition to be wrapped up in mid-2011.  As noted previously, income related to transition services in Q1 was approximately $3.5 million, and we now expect approximately $2 million in Q2 and approximately $2 million in the second half of the year. I would like to thank the entire team for their collaboration this past quarter. I wish our Mountain View colleagues, moving on to new opportunities in the Bay Area, all the best in their new endeavors.  With respect to 2011 guidance, revenue for 2011 will be in the range of $756 million to $780 million or growth of 11% to 14%, up from 10% to 14%. Consistent with 2010, we expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 78%. Q4 2011 exit non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be 46% to 48%. Interest expense in nonoperating income net, which I previously referred to as other loss net is still expected to be $25 million for 2011.  As I mentioned previously, capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately 10% of revenue. Our guidance is based on our forecast expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies.  I'm excited about the opportunities for the company. We believe that disciplined execution of opportunities that leverage our competitive advantages will provide a platform for long-term profitable growth.  With that, we'll move to Q&A. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Two questions. One, I'm wondering if you could talk about -- just on the renewal rate, it seems like the mix here is going more towards existing names, which should drive the renewal rate up and you’ve been a little hesitant to kind of let the assumption that we all use go out there, and you did have a better rate this quarter. I'm just wondering if you could talk about sort of the dynamics there and your expectations going forward on renewals.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, Walter. It's Mark. I'll do that. Yes, as we said before in the renewal rates, we look at the mix of the first-time expiring names and previously renewed games. And what we've seen consistently over time is that the previously renewal -- renewed renewal rate is much higher than the first-time expiring names. That continues to be the case. And we've also have a continued shift of the base, moving into the direction of becoming previously renewed names. It's a big base of names. There's a lot of names here, so that shift takes time. But we're -- continued to see it gradually moving in that direction, and we're seeing the benefits now with renewal rate's approaching the 73%, 74% range.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Got it. And then just on the revenue growth rate, I guess, the sequential growth was a little lower than we thought. Especially if compare it to sort of sequential growth rates in revenue in the second half of last year, I'm wondering if you could help us understand if there’s anything in there that drove volatility in sequential growth in Q1.
Brian Robins: Walter, this is Brian. There wasn't anything large in there that changed the sequential growth quarter-over-quarter. We had -- our counter revenue program is a little larger this quarter than it was in first quarter 2010, and we're -- our revenue growth quarter-over-quarter was 12% year-over-year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert Baird.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I wonder if you could just talk about in terms of domain name growth, just qualitatively, what you're seeing in North America versus international.
Mark McLaughlin: Steve, happy to take that. Historically, in the last few years, we've seen the international side growing at a faster rate than domestic -- a much faster rate, usually by multiple percentage points. That has continued through -- actually, until last quarter, and we're seeing in this quarter a bit of a slowdown there, where that gap is closing, where the international grew at about 1 percentage point higher. And usually, we've seen multiple percentage point higher than that. So that's only one quarter where we're seeing this. I don't want to call anything based on just one quarter worth of data. I did look inside the international piece of it to look at various countries, and we still continue to see some countries growing at very, very healthy rates like China. It grew to about 21%. Yes, 21%. India's got 11%. EMEA as a group has 13%. There were a couple of laggards. Brazil was down about 10%. Australia was down about 5%. So there's still high growth ones in there. There's been some ones that have dropped off a bit in the last quarter. And when we've put that all through the wash, we've got international about 1 percentage point higher growth than domestic. But again, that's just one quarter here. And historically, we’ve see that at a higher rate.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Great. And are there any other registries at this point that are offering DNSSEC?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, there are, so a number of them have that.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And just lastly, the progress on the relocation of the headquarters. You talked about transition services, but just in terms of your hiring and staffing up in Northern Virginia, how is that all going?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. We're doing a good job on that, better than expected. Everything has gone to pot plan. We should be done at the end of second quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I think, you partially answered this question, Mark but if you look at it, December quarter was a tough quarter for new name additions. March was very strong, obviously, seasonality playing a part. But what other factors do you see kind of contributing to the new name growth here? You mentioned international. What else are you seeing? And how are you thinking about that going into June? And can you remind everybody about the seasonality of name additions typically in June?
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. What we're seeing there, Sterling, is I think is domestic is growing nicely, international continues to grow nicely as well for combined mix of 8.3 million new registrations on the new side, this quarter, which is great. As far as the strength behind us, coming off of a bad economy, that certainly has given us a big lift in the last 12 months to the name base and Internet. Online advertising spending is up very, very well in that same period. So on a quarter-over-quarter basis, I saw a staff the other day saying online advertising has reached its highest level of spend ever. So I think those are the drivers and will continue to see those drivers move forward. Seasonality-wise, the first quarter is very strong for us, the strongest quarter. We do see seasonality dropping into the second quarter and the third quarter traditionally and then kind of a flat uppish a little bit in the fourth quarter. So we expect that seasonality to continue.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then on the non-registry part of the business, when you look at -- you made some kind of qualitative comments, but maybe just a little bit more color in terms of the sequential trends that we should think about outside the naming business. The parts of VeriSign, how should we think about how that should grow through the year?
Mark McLaughlin: Go get that, Brian.
Brian Robins: Hey Sterling, this is Brian. We don't break down the 2 businesses. Last year, we said that the NIA business was roughly about $10 million to $15 million. For the most part, the end last year and to the beginning of this year, we're rebuilding the enterprise sales force. And so the team did a great job in the first quarter and exceeded their bookings target, and they're off to a good start.
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Kelly McLeod: This is actually Kelly McLeod on for Rob. Just wondering why the special dividend rather than share buybacks?
Brian Robins: Kelly, this is Brian. As we mentioned before, and considering the use of cash, we wanted to return at least the proceeds from our Authentication Services sale. As far as the method of doing so, we decided to do this on both -- sort of a hybrid approach and bought back $200 million in the first quarter and also declared a special dividend. This had some advantages with being timely and tax-advantageous in a way to give proceeds back to their shareholders. We still have $1.4 billion of cash on balance sheet with the remaining share authorization of $1.2 billion, and so we feel like we have good flexibility and a strong balance sheet.
Kelly McLeod: Okay. And then how should we be thinking about share buybacks for the remainder of the year?
Brian Robins: So we've committed to returning value to shareholders. We've done what we've committed to. We'll evaluate that on a quarterly basis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Few questions for you. First of all, can you talk about contract length? Deferred revenues stepped up a little bit here. What's driving that relative to the revenue profile?
Mark McLaughlin: So the increase in deferred revenue, contract length is average term life on the names is the same, it's about 1.17 years. And the deferred revenue is just a function of the new names that have been registered.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Can you talk about how much cash is going south in the U.S. versus international?
Brian Robins: So the revenue makeup is related to the -- what we're doing on the dividend or. . .
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, well -- no, you've got a significant stock buyback authorization left. You got a substantial cash balance. . .
Brian Robins: Yes, the $1.4 billion in cash. It's about $400 million domestically and $1 billion internationally.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: And can you talk about -- as you went through the .net renewal process, are there any takeaways that we can apply to our thinking about the .com process coming up?
Mark McLaughlin: Todd, we're in the .net renewal process. I just want to make that clear. We're in the midst of the 30-day comment period that ICANN has for the negotiated terms between VeriSign and ICANN. We can expect that contract renewed by July 1. I think, the highest level -- the terms of the .net contract and the .com contract are almost identical. Really, only difference between the 2 is that for .com, in addition to negotiating -- in addition to getting renewed with ICANN, we have to seek Department of Commerce approval.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then one question for you on the CFIT timeline that you walk through. The summary judgment hearing that occurred in March 11, would that apply to the fourth amended complaint that CFIT has filed?
Mark McLaughlin: No. So the summary judgment is basically asking the court to dismiss the case or certain portions of the case for various reasons. And then separate from that, the court had dismissed claims already that they had in their third amended complaint. They gave them at lease to amend, so they amended for the fourth time.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. So even if you get a positive summary judgment, you may still see some ongoing court action on the fourth amended complaint?
Mark McLaughlin: It's possible to get some things dismissed and others still be out there.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay.
Operator: And we'll go next to Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer & Co.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: One quick question of mine with respect to cash regularization. We spoke about dividend, and you spoke about the buybacks. With respect to M&A even though you guys have been divesting over the past couple of years, what are you looking right now? Obviously, we have plenty of cash. Is it more kind of fixed-looking tuck-ins type of acquisitions that we might be expecting?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Shaul. This is Mark here. To the extent that we would feel the need to accelerate product road map sort of things or go-to-market things, then we would -- may turn to inorganic basis to do that. But as I’ve said in the past if we did it, it would be very adjacent to the things we're doing today and would be -- you use the term tuck-in, but that kind of size and for that sort of reason.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Got it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Just wanted to dig in a little bit on that contra-revenue comment that you made regarding Q1, because just looking at your sequential -- just domain name growth and then looking at just the sequential growth and revenue, I would have expected to be a couple million higher. But you did mention the sort of higher contra-revenue. I'm wondering if you could help us just quantify that? Was that $2 million or $3 million more than, let's say, last quarter or year-over-year? And maybe just for those who aren't familiar with the contra-revenue, what does drive that, and what would you expect that to be for the June quarter?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. So from a contra-revenue program, we do marketing campaigns with the registers, help stimulate growth. These are programs that we've done historically on the first quarter every quarter for the last several years. It's really based on the amount of names on the base. And so the program, this past quarter was approximately $1 million higher than first quarter 2010.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it. And then when you think about for the June quarter, and you said that fade away, so we kind of go step back up then or higher than expected kind of growth sequentially?
Brian Robins: The June quarter it varies based on programs that we rollout. The June quarter will be more than what last year, third quarter would be last, and then fourth quarter would be about the same. And so it just really varies based on the programs that the registers have. And we try to work collaboratively with the registers in putting these programs out.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it, and will June be higher than March?
Brian Robins: Yes.
Mark McLaughlin: I think the answer to that is that on an annual basis, we looked at the revenue side, we've called out 11% to 14% revenue growth. So regardless to sort of the ups and downs of contra programs, that's what the at revenue basis looks like.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: Two questions. Mark, could you give us an update on your opinion regarding the conditions for enacting price increases for the registries? I think, you said last quarter that conditions look pretty good, overall. And then Brian, CapEx now, the outlook I think, you said was 10% of revenue. I believe prior was 8% to 10%. Can you review for us how much might be registry, how much for growth initiatives?
Mark McLaughlin: Dan, it's Mark. I'll take the first question. So as I have said in the past, we think about a lot of variables, when thinking about pricing. Always most important is long-term need for the business. I think everybody knows we have one price increase remaining for .com. We have plenty of time to take that out through November 2012, to notice that price increase if we choose to do that. Last quarter, I commented on various factors we have looked at. All would seem to be a positive direction, so I continue believe that those book positive. Brian, you want to CapEx?
Brian Robins: Yes, this is Brian. On the CapEx side, we increased it to the higher end of the range that we gave previously related to the move that we're making from the West Coast to the East Coast and the build-out of our new facility. We don't break down capital between growth initiatives and sort of maintenance and expansion. We have project Apal [ph], which is a multiyear project that we're putting capital into our network to handle the increase attacks and the increase capacity of query loads.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: So is it a nonissue with the regulator?
Mark McLaughlin: I'm not sure if we follow the question.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: In terms of -- I mean, there's no segregation of assets between stuff that's dedicated for the registry business and stuff that you're doing to grow your business independently?
Brian Robins: No.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just a quick question on your broader strategy toward M&A. I mean, given that you've issued a special dividend, and it's obviously, the share repurchase to leave you really with relatively small amount of cash and also taking into account the relocation of some of the staff and some realignment just recently. I mean, have you -- has your fundamental stance towards M&A changed in any respects that caused you to be much more focused on just returning cash at this point?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So I don't think that our stance in M&A has changed. Historically, when we discussed this topic, we said, if we were to look on an inorganic basis for things, it's for the reasons I have mentioned earlier, which would be more tactical than base strategic, ideas in nature. And just because of that, those things tend to be smaller. So I think we still have $1.4 billion in cash, and we're generating very healthy cash flow, and we got a great balance sheet. If we need to do something we could.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. And I have one final question, which is the contract you won for .gov. You talked about some of economics for some of the new global TLD opportunities, as well as any other potential registry-related businesses that might be out there.
Mark McLaughlin: That's true. Kind of 2 separate things there. So we're happy that we won the contract for .gov. That's a new TLD for us to run, but it's not a new TLD. It's been out there for a while. Separate from that with the real new TLD that ICANN has introduced next year. It's really going to be a big difference in what those economic models look like starting first with are you the front end or the back-end? We, primarily, would consider ourselves back-end service providers as a registry as opposed to the front-end marketing engine of those things. But we do know that whatever the go-to market model looks like for that, there's a cost associated with the plan for those, which is about $185,000 registration fee per name.
Operator: And I'd now like to turn the call back over to Nancy Fazioli for any additional or closing remarks.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. With regards to events in the second quarter, please note that Mark and Brian will be presenting at the JPMorgan TMT Conference at 3:10 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, May 17. The webcast registration details will be available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website.  Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark McLaughlin - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brian Robins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Nancy Fazioli - Investor Relations
Analysts: Ignatius Njoku Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli. Please go ahead.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Nancy Fazioli, Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Mark McLaughlin, President and CEO; and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from the Investor Relations section of our new corporate website, www.verisigninc.com. Please refer to that website for important information, including the Q4 and full year 2010 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on the website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call.  Financial results in today's press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today includes forward-looking statements, and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we've discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q, and the applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.  Please note that we have not fully completed the tax provision calculation process and therefore, the tax provisions for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2010 are still preliminary and the tax provision, GAAP net income loss and GAAP earnings loss per share for those periods reported in our Form 10-K may differ materially from what we discuss today.  I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains it's long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it's done through public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, as applicable, each of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In a moment, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks, and afterwards, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. Mark?
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Nancy, and good afternoon, everyone. The fourth quarter capped a solid year of execution and growth at VeriSign. We're proud of the progress that we made in the quarter and in 2010. During the past year, we refocused our business, improved operating efficiency and continued to scale and enhance our world-class infrastructure, all while maintaining a healthy balance sheet and returning approximately $1 billion to our investors.  We entered 2011 as a leading provider of Internet infrastructure services, and believe we are well positioned to help our customers benefit from the continued growth of the Internet and cloud computing.  I'll comment now on fourth quarter results. In Registry Services, the base of registered names in .com and .net totaled 105.2 million names at the end of December. This represents a 9% increase year-over-year in the base. In the fourth quarter, we processed 7.6 million new registrations which is a 4% increase year-over-year. We added 1.75 million net names to the name base in the quarter.  On the renewal rates side, the Q3 2010 renewal rate were 72.8%. While the renewal rates are not fully much measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe the renewal rate in the fourth quarter of 2010 will be between 72.5% at 73%. As we look forward to the first quarter, we expect the Q1 net names added to the base to be between 2.3 million to 2.6 million names which reflect the continued growth in Internet usage, online advertising and e-commerce. In addition to the business metrics for Registry Services for the quarter, I also wanted to highlight a couple of developments during the quarter related to our continued technology and thought leadership around Internet Infrastructure. First, we successfully implemented DNSSEC in the .net zone in December, and we are on track with DNSSEC enabled to .com zone in the first quarter.  In addition, during the fourth quarter, we made a DNSSEC signing service available to the registrars to assist in DNSSEC implementation for the customers. The continued reliability and availability of our network is a constant strategic priority, and we are proud of our performance record in 2010. Last year, we processed over 22 trillion DNS queries, all without any unplanned downtime and in the face of well-publicized cyber attacks. We continue to be vigilant in anticipation of the growth of Internet usage and the accompanying scale of attacks.  With regard to the case filed by the Coalition For ICANN Transparency or CFIT against VeriSign, there are no updates. As we reported on the Q3 earnings call, the court established a time line in October for the litigation. In accordance with this time line, there is a hearing scheduled in early February on VeriSign's motion to dismiss the third amended complaint filed by CFIT in November 2010. In March, there's a summary judgment hearing scheduled on certain threshold issues with a final summary judgment hearing scheduled for October 2011. The trial date is set for December 5, 2011. Beyond the upcoming dates just mentioned, given that this is ongoing litigation, we will not be commenting further other than to reiterate that we continue to feel confident about the case and will defend our position vigorously. In addition to Registry Services, I'd also like to briefly address our network intelligence and availability or NIA business. In 2010, our focus was to build a strong team around this business and to start to deliver services to the market that address the growing complexity and importance of reliability and availability of networks. In 2011, we'll be ramping the product roadmap in sales. As we progress through the year, we'll update you on the business which we believe is well positioned in a fast growing but fragmented market.  As we look forward to the company in 2011, our focus will be to continue to provide unsurpassed and unparalleled network performance, provide value-added services to the registrars to assist them in selling more names, position ourselves for the launch of the new TLDs, continue to drive the growth in international names and grow a meaningful business in NIA. We believe that these activities will result in continued growth in shareholder value. We're excited about our future as we feel that with the growth of the Internet, the emergence of more markets for domain names, strong trends in online advertising and e-commerce and the growing complexity of managing networks in an era of cloud computing, we are well positioned for the future. Thanks for your attention, and I'll now turn the call over to Brian. Brian?
Brian Robins: Thanks, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. As you just heard in Mark's overview, our fourth quarter and 2010 annual results reflect the continued hard work over the past year to successfully refocus the business and drive operational efficiencies. We have continued to invest in our technology and in organic growth, while maintaining a healthy balance sheet and returning value to shareholders. During 2010, we generate revenue of $681 million and delivered non-GAAP operating income of $284 million, all while expanding non-GAAP operating margins by approximately 850 basis points. These results drove approximately $266 million of free cash flow for the year. In the fourth quarter, we paid a $518 million dividend from domestic cash. The cash balance as of year-end following the payout was $2.1 billion, about half of which was onshore. Our financial position is strong as we enter 2011, given our cash balance, low accounts receivable balances and healthy deferred revenue. Giving us predictability and enabling us to continue to organically grow the business while also returning value to shareholders. As we enter 2010, we indicated that we are focused on the following key operating metrics: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth and free cash flow.  Let us recap our performance in each of these areas for the fourth quarter and the year. Revenue of $179 million for the fourth quarter was up 4% from the prior quarter and up 13% year-over-year. 2010 revenue of $681 million was up 10% year-over-year, and at the high-end of our guidance range. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $663 million, an increase of $9 million or 1% from Q3, and up 13% from the same period in 2009.  Q4 non-GAAP operating expenses were $100 million, up 2% quarter-over-quarter and down approximately 3% year-over-year, with a $65 million increase in year-over-year revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 44.3% in the fourth quarter compared to 43.1% in Q3. As mentioned on previous calls, there will be some choppiness in operating margin until the completion of the CSAs in the second quarter of 2011.  Fourth quarter margin expansion was driven by our focus on streamlining the business, as well as rebranding expense that were shifted to the first quarter of 2011. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $54 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.31 compared to $0.27 in Q3 and $0.17 in the same period in 2009.  2010 non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.30 is a 61% increase over 2009. We exit Q4 2010 with a diluted share count of 174 million shares. During the year, we repurchased 16 million shares using approximately $440 million in cash and paid approximately $625 million in a special dividend and contingent interest, returning in excess of $1 billion to our investors. Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was $47 million in Q4 and $215 million in 2010, which includes the payout of $109 million in interest to holders of our convertible debentures.  Free cash flow was negative $1 million in Q4, given a reversal of $35 million excess tax benefits and $12 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Free cash flow for 2010 was approximately $267 million, given approximately $132 million in excess tax benefits and approximately $81 million capital expenditures. Note that 2010 capital expenditures included approximately $20 million in spending during the year related to our Authentication business.  To sum up 2010, we're very pleased with our performance. We continue to grow non-GAAP operating income and net income faster than revenue. We have a healthy cash position, and the strong cash flow generating capabilities of our business continue to be a key benefit of our financial model.  Before I move on to guidance, I want to touch upon the status of the transition of the Authentication Services business to Symantec, as well as our corporate headquarter move to the East Coast. Progress has been good and we still expect the bulk of the transition to be wrapped up mid-2011, with approximately $5 million in transition services revenue that will hit the other income line in the first half of 2011. Also, the transition of numerous corporate functions and most of the CFO organization, specifically from Mountain View to Northern Virginia as a result of the relocation of corporate headquarters is on track and running smoothly. Thanks to the dedication and professionalism of the entire team during this transition.  Now, let me move on to 2011 guidance. We anticipate that revenue for 2011 will be in a range of $750 million to $780 million, or growth of 10% to 14% year-over-year. Consistent with 2010, we expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 78%. Q4 2011 exit non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be at least 46% to 48%. Non-GAAP Other loss net is expected to be $25 million for 2011. We believe that 30% is still a reasonable pro forma tax rate, and we expect to pay approximately 4% in cash taxes in 2011. Our guidance is based on expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our business.  We will not provide guidance on share repurchases, but we indicated when we declared the special cash dividend that we intend to return at least the remaining proceeds from the divestiture of authentication services over the course of the coming year. We will continue to evaluate various alternatives for returning the cash. Currently, we have approximately $1.35 billion authorized by the Board of Directors for share repurchases that does not expire. In summary, we're excited about the opportunities for the business in 2011 and we believe we are well positioned to grow our business and deliver value for our shareholders, customers, partners and employees.  With that, we'll move to Q&A. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Just wanted to get a sense on your margin guidance. Last year, you talked about at one point I think it was two quarters ago you talked essentially a 10% decrease in headcount year-over-year by the end of Q2. Just wondering if you could give us an update on that. And then as far as your margin guidance specifically, I wonder if you got a sense where the of leverage do you think in the model is going to continue to come from. Do you see it in the sales and marketing line or is it going to be more on G&A?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. Two questions there. One is operating leverage in the model and where we think it will come from, and secondarily, headcount. On the operating leverage in the model, I expect G&A to decrease quarter-over-quarter for the remainder of 2011. We had some one-time expenses that occurred in fourth quarter, which drove it a little higher and we'll continue streamlining the business as we move headquarters from the West Coast to the East Coast. There will be some duplication and cost for the first and second quarter, but most of the transition will be completed and you'll start to see some of the leverage come out of business here in the second half of the year. On headcount, we've given margin guidance. And so in the headcount, since we will have duplication of staff, we don't want to give quarter-by-quarter guidance. But we said we'd be approximately around 1,000 employees once we got everything completed. And so last quarter, we're about 1,100. We're about 1,050 this quarter. We're going to continue to hire in the sales and marketing as we grow out the NIA business, and we'll see reductions in G&A that will offset some of the hiring. So net-net, we'll be down from where we're at today.
Operator: We'll go next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First on the DNS, the 4% increase in new name registrations. When you look at the quarter, I know it's only seasonally flat, but how did you feel about that number and how do you feel that it sets you up for the growth in 2011?
Mark McLaughlin: On the fourth quarter, we forecasted we'd be between $1.7 million and $2 million. And that range anticipated seasonality of the holidays, we had a higher expiring base compared to the third quarter and a higher percentage of the first-time expiring names. We ended at $1.75 million names which is closer to the low end of that. The reason for that being at the lower end is that we had two registrars who deleted out about 1,000 names between them right at the end of the year, which we expected would occur actually sometime this year. We see things like that quarter-over-quarter sometimes relating to the registrars manager and portfolios. So we'll pay attention to that kind of stuff, but pay more attention to the trending of the business. And if we look at the trends, we see that this fourth quarter, we actually had the highest fourth quarter in U.S. ever in the business. And the base of the names continues to trend to more names being previously renewed, with the result that the renewal rate continues to decline. So we've got a pretty positive view in things. I'm sorry, I think I misspoke that, there's been 100,000 names there.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Follow up would be the VeriSign Internet Defense Network, just an update there, as well as you launched the Managed DNS service in 2010. Do you feel like you have a reference account or kind of a layout account that you can now leverage to go out and win more business? So an update on that one as well.
Mark McLaughlin: If I'd step back in that specific service, just backing up, I'd say, we really like that space. We think it's network computing that takes hold. The complexity around that is going to be a key issue overcoming things like reliability and availability. We've got a lot of experience there from running a common net. We've mentioned before we think that's about $1 billion market today, not just Managed DNS. All the suites of services around as the reliability, about a 15% CAGR. So we like the space and there's a lot of small players. So we think that with our network in the brand, we've got distinct competitive advantage. More specifically, we're not getting into breaking out any metrics around the business. I can say that quarter-over-quarter, we signed 400% more contracts quarter-over-quarter to give just one view of things. So we think we've got some good early tracks around that. We haven't named any of the customers. We're probably unlikely to name any accounts simply because people don't just buy, like in Managed DNS, they're buying the Internet Defense Network which is the DDoS Mitigation and other services. And if you think about the kind of services folks are buying, a lot of the customers don't want to be publicized that way.
Operator: We go next to Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Mark, I've heard you talking about DNSSEC and that rolling into .com. I wonder if you can just help us settle a bit there on monetization and how that happens, and what our expectations should be in terms of timing?
Mark McLaughlin: I think there's three ways to think about this. The first is that DNSSEC, in and of itself is a security protocol in the DNS long time in the making, and it's actually a cost to us in order to DNSSEC enable not only that the root zone but .net and .com. That's all based into the numbers we've given you by the way. But that there's a cost aspect while throwing the category calls into public interest in order to make the Internet safer. The second piece of that is that as things like DNSSEC get propagated to .net already, .com coming up in the first quarter and other top-level domains that goes, it creates some complexity for folks to manage keys and things around that. So we have service offerings that we'll be rolling out around helping people manage DNSSEC for their own customer base. That's a monetization opportunity that would be in our NIA business category I think. So I think there's two sides to that coin.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then just on renewal rates, it looks like it's stable here and I'm wondering your commentary, say, going back to six, 12 months ago had been that you'd expect it to kind of stabilize a little bit lower than this. And I'm wondering are we kind of at a stabilization point here? Do you think it can go higher? And I guess just some commentary there. I know last quarter you've talked also about that you had more first-time names up for renewal this quarter and that didn't seem to really hit it too badly. So I just wanted to kind of get a sense of where we are on the renewal side?
Mark McLaughlin: We see puts and takes in a quarter-over-quarter basis in a lot of ways, but I try to come back away from the quarter-over-quarter aberrations and take a look at trending. So on the renewal rates, the highest renewal rate we've ever seen on this business to date has been about 77% in one quarter. And that was at the very top of the PPC market which makes sense, as the first-time renewal rates then were higher than they are today and up on a more normalized market in the absence of PPC. Right now we're seeing about 72% to 73% renewal rates and that rate has been trending up the last couple of years. The reason for that is the percentage of the base that consists of the names that were previously renewed continues to increase year-over-year, and that renewal rate is much higher than the first-time renewal rate. So over time, it made sense for the renewal rate to continue to climb. Now for as high as it can go, the obvious upward boundary is the previously renewed rate which has continued to increase the last couple of years. And right now, we took a snapshot of time is between 80% and 81%. It's been as high as 85% historically in the company. So I can't say are going up, but I can say that there's room. And that if you start to give a look at the things that make up the renewal rate, over the last years it's continued to trend on a positive threshold.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then just lastly, you said you had a registrar drop. I'm just wondering just to prevent any surprises here. If you look into the next couple of quarters, do you have any prediction of a similar dynamic going on that might impact what you see reported?
Mark McLaughlin: No. We saw a couple of years ago right at the end of the year, one registrar did a, I'll call it, cleanup with their base which was unexpected for us. We've been more vigilant I guess is the right word, or more detailed in account reviews since that time to try to pick up on things like that. We knew in this case that there was 100,000 names in spite of what we -- this is just a timing issue as to whether in 2011 or the end of the year and it turned out to be at the end of 2010.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Brian, as of cash flow during the quarter $47 million, probably a lot of puts and takes I'm assuming to that number given kind of the transitional phase we're in. Is there a normalized cash flow number that you can talk about or we can think about going forward on a quarterly basis?
Brian Robins: Let me go back and talk a little bit about 2010. The difficulty in going into 2011 and talk about what the normalized cash flow would be is, you'd have to get into price increase on a number of other factors to tell you what to normalized rate would be. So if you look at 2010 on a full year basis, cash from operations was about $250 million. And you have to add back the excess tax benefit associated with stock options of $130 million. So roughly, we're about $350 million on the business and that does not include the authentication cash flow. And so as we talked about cash flow from operations at Analyst Day in last year, we're right on track with where we thought we would be at. Luckily, going forward, in the first quarter of 2011, it would be very clean and transparent on what it is. Fourth quarter we had a dividend contingent interest, third quarter we had the sale of authentication. And so there's been a lot of puts and takes in the cash flow this year. But I think if you'll only get cash from operations, roughly about $350 million on non-GAAP basis. Our capital was about $80 million of which $20 million of that was related to the Authentication business. So you can take about $60 million of capital out there to basically get to a free cash flow number.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then around the concept of transliteration names. Can you talk about the status of prospects? Is there anything on the horizon that would give you the opportunity to bid or to participate in transliteration, whether you're bidding directly or being a subcontractor to somebody that was?
Mark McLaughlin: The answer is yes, there is an opportunity of which we'll partake ourselves of. We consider that with the new gTLDs. So when we talk about new gTLDs, there's those that are the IDN versions or the internationalized versions of .com and .net. Those are all in the new gTLD round that ICANN is proposing. The applications for those are due in around midyear with expected rollout sometime in the beginning of 2012. You could expect us to bid on all of the transliterations for .com and .net, and we think that's an opportunity for the company.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I had a question about IPv6, and I saw that you guys are readying your infrastructure for that. Are there any technological challenges or really new requirements that adoption of IPv6 may have implications for your business?
Mark McLaughlin: It's Mark. Yes, but IPv6 enables our infrastructure for quite some time ago, so we're prepared for that. So the short answer is we're set for it. The longer answer is that there are challenges as you move from IPv4 to IPv6, that's a business opportunity for us again in our Network Intelligence and Availability business. Because there's going to be probably a long period of time, where folks are attempting to manage both dual stack IPv4 and IPv6. That creates a translation problem between the two, and companies would have to run an IPv4 stack and an IPv6 stack in order for all their applications to be able to interface. A lot of companies we think won't want to do that, and will look to a provider like VeriSign to provide the translation services between those two versions. So we're set for it from a DNS perspective, but we think there's an opportunity for us on the NIA business.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just a question about your profile of registrar customers. Could you just give us a review of how many registrars you have, and what the distribution of really the business that you get from? Is it a 80-20 or 90-10 type of distribution. And any particular geos where you're seeing any unusual trends?
Mark McLaughlin: There is about 900 accredited registrars with ICANN, and about 75% of the business today comes from the top 25 to give you an idea of the breakdown.
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Did you guys disclosed what the contribution from NIA was during the quarter?
Mark McLaughlin: We don't break that out, Rob. We run a sort of a shared back office, and so we don't break out the contribution between the various product launch.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Of the $1.7 million net new names, what came from .com? What came from .net?
Mark McLaughlin: It's roughly -- usually it's about 12% to 13% at .net. But...
Brian Robins: About 200,000 from .net and or then from .com, 14%.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: And then as we look at .net new names, I think catching on Sterling's question from earlier, you have seen a deceleration from the first half of '10 into the second half, granting you had some top compares. But how should we think about that number moving forward, as it's kind of moved into the low- to mid- single digits here? And if I look at Q1 '11 correctly, it looks like it again is in the low single digit range based on your guidance for .net new names?
Brian Robins: I think we're going to have a 23 to 26 would be a good strong quarter for us in the first quarter. And then we haven't gotten in to what the rest of the year would look like. But looking at the zone growth of 7-plus percent on the year-over-year basis.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: First, on the revenue guidance. Just wanted to see what the assumption might necessarily be for you to get past the midpoint of that revenue growth range you gave, and then I had a question about Managed DNS?
Mark McLaughlin: So we gave a range in there and I kind of just answered just a little bit the previous question of the zone itself. So with the 7-plus percent, we see by 7% to 9% growth sort of depending on where you come out in the range from a name base is going to dictate a good portion of the range we gave in the revenue side.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: I'm sorry, I should've been more specific. I didn't mean to hint around the idea of whether or not you put through a price increase or not. And I know that they could be in fact staggered. I guess, would you be willing to just talk about your inclination to put through a price increase this year?
Brian Robins: Let me back up just from the revenue standpoint. At this point of the year, we announced at the end of this call that we have a fairly minimal impact on revenue in the year just given the six-month notice period. But on the price increase itself, we've got one price increase remaining in the four that we're allowed to take in an agreement. We said in the past we look at a lot of factors and we consider those, starting first with the long-term investment need. We look forward, we see continued exponential increases in demand on the infrastructure in the coming years. We also consider factors such as the healthy economy and e-channel. Those seem to be positive and improving over time, so while we can't comment on if and when we make notice the remaining price increase, I've note that we've taken three out of the four so far in the agreement and the variables that we consider all seemed positive.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: And DNSSEC, I presume would be nice more than a feather in your cap but that's a substantial achievement.
Mark McLaughlin: Not to pat ourselves in the back, but it's been a long-time coming. We've been really instrumental in that, but I want to make sure we share the credit works due with ICANN providing leadership around that. The U.S. Department of Commerce being very instrumental on providing leadership as well, as well as technology.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: And then on Managed DNS. So when we saw Brian last year, he talked about a model in which it would be, I guess, primarily a small medium business offering where you might get an annual fee of somewhere between 5,000 and 15,000 when accounts sign-up with you. Is that kind of where you made progress so far?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. On the Managed DNS offering, again, we are thinking of it in terms of the suite of offerings. So I've been thinking of our NIA business, which has managed DNS plus some other offerings in there as well. But we view the market in three categories of the small, medium and enterprise markets. And it's low in that market, we would get just Managed DNS by about $50 a month per customer. In the mid-point in that market, we get about $350 a month from a customer and in the enterprise-level, we get about $2,300 to $2,500 a month from a customer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Mark, if you can just give us a sense in terms of the gTLDs, where we stand in the process, what kind of the next major milestone in terms of the bidding process? And any way to assess what the opportunity is going to look like as we look into '12 and beyond?
Mark McLaughlin: So from a process standpoint, the expectation would be that around midyear, the ICANN will start accepting the applications and then they would process these applications. And if everything stays on track, that the TLDs themselves would be released in the beginning of 2012. And from a size standpoint, it's hard to say, frankly. The one that I'd like to think about just because I can have some reference points for it is the international TLDs themselves. And I know this is a big broad range, but the best I can do when I look at this, which is there's about a million IDN versions of .com and .net that exist in our base today. So there's a million names in there. And then that's where you transliterate the name .com in English. And then in names that are in -- there are TLDs out there that are as completely transliterate today, the .cc, country codes. And of those that are in the countries where we think that they transliterated versions that are successful, there's about 16 million of those names out there today. So I know that's a big swag in between there, but somewhere between a million, call it, 15 million to 16 million is a market opportunity. That's names.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a question on the buybacks. You guys have done a great job returning capital in '10, but 14 million in buybacks in Q4 seems kind of anemic relative to the authorization and the cash on the balance sheet. Is there anything specific going on that's preventing you guys from buying back?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. We started the buyback program, discussion came up around the dividend. And so at that point, we're blacked out so we couldn't buy back any more. We wanted to maintain as much flexibility and return as much as we possibly could at the end of last year, considering the pending tax fall [ph] changes and the proceeds that we got from authentication. We returned 50% of the proceeds in a special dividend, and committed to returning at least the other 50% the next four quarters.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Kessler with Standard & Poor's Equity.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: My first question involve the dividend payment. Obviously, you guys have a considerable amount of additional balance sheet strength and flexibility. I'm wondering if you could comment on the decision to do a one-time special dividend and whether or not there is a possibility that you could do something on a more recurring basis and what the pros and cons to that are. And I also have a follow up.
Mark McLaughlin: So we think about the mechanisms to return excess cash. We consider all the return and there's quite a few of them, obviously, share repurchase, dividends, special dividend, buyer debt back. Last year, we bought about $435 million of stock and paid a special dividend of about $500 million before you get to the contingent interest. We chose a special dividend around the fourth quarter as we had decided we wanted to return a significant amount of cash in a timely and rational manner and in advance of any tax code revision. But we also want to keep some flexibility considering the best alternatives for future cash return this year. So as Brian said, we're committed to return at least the second half of what the got in the authorization proceeds. We'll be thinking about the mechanism once we do that and we're always open for communications to shareholders at that point.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: I think people have been getting more and more interested in which is mobile. And I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about how mobile has been impacting and presumably benefiting some of VeriSign's core businesses, and if you see any new investment opportunities in the category?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. As things continue to go mobile, there's a benefit that it's a little difficult for us to get in therequite to put a percentage of growth around that. But as things go mobile and more people using mobile devices to access the Internet or mobile versions of the Internet. So from a domain perspective, that should drive growth and acquire business. So I think that in addition to that on the NIA side of the business, you got all these distributed devices, mobile device side, et cetera. When those are all attempting to access the network, it starts to create a lot of other concerns around availability and security that I think will also create opportunities for us and I thought it did.
Operator: We'll go next to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Ignatius Njoku: This is Ignatius Njoku for Katherine Egbert. Can you talk about your pipeline for your Managed DNS service? And also, can you talk about your M&A strategy for fiscal year '11?
Mark McLaughlin: From a pipeline perspective, we're not talking about a pipeline specifically at a book or anything like that. All that I can say, we've got a healthy pipeline. We like the way it looks. So again, we're bullish in that business. And then from an M&A perspective, it's possible we could use an M&A. But as we've said in the past a few times, anything we do will be closed into the business we're in today and the really purpose is accelerating our roadmap for growth market.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: For Brian, in terms of the deferred revenue, can you remind us is everything kind of clean? In other words, is there any moving parts or anything that's just kind of wearing down from any of the divested assets or are we just now all the deferred revenue ties of the core businesses that are left?
Brian Robins: It's clean. It's all revenue tied to the remaining businesses.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And at what quarter do we get the year-over-year comparisons, where both the year prior and the current quarter and deferred revenue represent the same thing for deferred revenue?
Brian Robins: I'll have to check on that and get back you, and see if we can have a clean data for the prior year. If we can do it, I'll try to do it next quarter for you.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Nancy Fazioli for any additional or closing remarks.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. With regard to events in the first quarter, please note that Brian will be presenting at the Morgan Stanley 2010 Annual Technology Conference on Tuesday, March 1. The webcast registration details will be available on the Investors Relations section of the VeriSign website. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McLaughlin - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brian Robins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Nancy Fazioli - Investor Relations
Analysts: Ignatius Njoku Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Chloe Wayne Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli. Please go ahead.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Nancy Fazioli, Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Mark McLaughlin, President and CEO; and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast through our investor relations website located at investor.verisign.com. Please refer to our website for important information, including the Q3 2010 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on our website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail on our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on our investor relations website. In a moment, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks, and afterwards, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. Mark?
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased with the performance of the business this quarter. We continue to see strength in the Internet trends that drive our business. Also, the team's ongoing operational discipline and execution leading up to and following the close of the sale of Authentication Services is helping to drive positive results. There is still a lot of work to be done as we transition the Authentication business. We're very focused on a smooth transition, which is on track, in which we expect to be largely completed in the mid-2011 time frame. I'll now cover the highlights of our financial results from the third quarter. Revenue in the third quarter for a Naming Services was $172 million, representing an 11% year-over-year increase. Naming Services is comprised of Registry Services and Network Intelligence and Availability or NIA services. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.27 compared to $0.16 in Q3 2009. Non-GAAP operating margin was 43.1% compared to 33.7% in Q3 2009. During the quarter, we utilized $146 million of cash to repurchase 5.1 million shares, leaving us with repurchased authorization of approximately $1.4 billion. In August, we received $1.28 billion in proceeds from the sale of the authentication business, which brings our cash balance at the end of the third quarter to $2.55 billion, approximately 65% of which is held domestically. Operationally, in Naming Services, the base of registered names in .com and .net this quarter totaled 103.5 million names at the end of September, a 9% increase year-over-year. $2 million net names were added domain name base this quarter. During the third quarter, we processed 7.5 million new registrations, which is a 7% increase year-over-year. The 2010 Q2 renewal rate was 73.2%, up from 72.1% in Q1 2010. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days at the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for Q3 2010 will be approximately 73%. For that domain name additions, we expect the Q4 net names added to the base to be between 1.7 million and 2 million names. Q4 has a larger expiring name than in the third quarter and an increased number of first-time renewing names and expiring name base. In addition, in some previous years in the fourth quarter, we have seen some registrars doing year-end inventory reviews, resulting in some deletions at the very end of the year. While we review accounts on a regular basis, it is possible that there could be some deletions resulting from this kind of activity. It would not appear in our regular account reviews. On the infrastructure front, the growth of the Internet, that is positive for our business, will continue to put increased demands on our infrastructure. In the third quarter, we processed an average $66 billion DNS queries per day, up from $63 billion queries on average per day last quarter. Also last quarter, I highlighted exciting developments with the implementation of DNSSEC [indiscernible] and a forthcoming implementation in the .net zone later this year and the .com zone next year. This is one of the most significant security enhancements for the DNS ever, and we are proud of our leadership role there. As we continue to show leadership for the next digital decade, we will plan to continuously invest in our infrastructure to enhance our readiness for any future DNS requirements. Finally, as I know it is an area of interest for investors, we will continue to update you with regard to public developments and the case filed by the Coalition for ICANN Transparency or CFIT against VeriSign. In August, we regressed at the case management conference with the District Court to begin the process to resolve this matter through summary disposition or trial. That conference was held on Friday, October 22, and the court established a timeline for the litigation, including among other things, adopting the parties for post schedule for summary judgment on certain threshold issues with a hearing set for March 2011. And for final summary judgment, with the hearing set in October 2011, the court also set the trial date for December 5, 2011. Beyond the procedural updates, given that this is an ongoing litigation, we will not be commenting further other than to reiterate that we continue to feel confident about the case, and we'll defend our position vigorously. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Robins: Thanks, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Mark gave you the highlights for the quarter, so I'd like to just dive into the key financial metrics that we're focused on for the year, revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth and free cash flow. As we noted, revenue for Naming Services was $172 million, up 3% from the prior quarter and up 11% year-over-year. From a continuing operations perspective, we are still on track to wind down the final non-core business, Content Portal Services or CPS in Q4. The business contributed $364,000 in revenue during the quarter to bring continuing operations revenue to $173 million. Deferred revenue for Naming Services ended the quarter at $654 million, an increase of $13 million or 2% from Q2, and up 13% from the same period in 2009. Non-GAAP operating expenses were approximately $98 million, down 2% quarter-over-quarter and down approximately 5% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 43.1% in the third quarter compared to 40.5% in 2Q. As we noted last quarter, there are number of moving parts related to the transition of the Authentication Services business to Symantec. We expect to have those substantially completed by midyear 2011. But in the interim, we may see some variability in operating margins as we head toward the 45% range in the second quarter of 2011 as we discussed last quarter. A quick comment on the Transition Services Agreement with Symantec. We still expect that bulk of the TSAs to be completed in mid-2011. Note that the income from the TSA hits other income line, and the reasonable estimate is still $5 million for the second half of 2010, as well as for the first half of 2011. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $48 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.27 compared to $0.24 in Q2 and $0.16 in the same period in 2009, a 69% increase from 3Q 2009. We exited the third quarter with a diluted share count of 175 million shares. During the third quarter, we repurchased 5.1 million shares. Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was negative $82 million in a 3Q, a one-time impact cash resulting from taxes related to the sale of Authentication Services. Free cash flow was $47 million in Q3, given $155 million in excess tax benefits and $26 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Year-to-date capital expenditures are running $69 million, which includes approximately $20 million in spend during the year related to Authentication Services. Eight to 10% of the new revenue run rate is still a reasonable way to think about CapEx going forward for the remaining business. Just an additional note to clarify, the significant increase net of tax benefits, we would have paid cash taxes related to the sale of Authentication Services if not for net operating losses related to stock options. Due to the use of the stock option NOLs, the cash flow statement must reflect the classification of $155 million as the use of cash and cash from operations and the source of cash in the financing section of the cash flow statement. In the Appendix our slide presentation, that will be posted on the website following the call, we have a cash flow reconciliation that you may find helpful. Moving on to guidance. At this point, we believe we are making good progress to achieve or exceed our full year guidance. Naming Services revenue growth for 2010 of approximately 10%. Non-GAAP gross margin in the 77% to 78% range. Q4 exit non-GAAP operating margin increased to 42% to 43% from previous guidance of 40% to 41%. Non-GAAP other loss, net is expected to be a $20 million for 2010. Our guidance is based on continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our business. I would like to express appreciation of our employees during this transitional time in the business. Their hard work has enabled us to keep the transition of divested businesses on track. I'm very proud of the operational discipline the team has shown over the past several quarters. Going forward, we believe that we will be able to scale the business to a smaller footprint while continuing to seek opportunities to grow. Thanks for your time today. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now go to our first question from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: First of all, can you just talk about the stock buyback? Anything that prevented you in the quarter from buying stock were you guys blacked out as a result of the Symantec transaction at all? Just trying to get a sense for what we should be thinking run rate? And then secondly, can you talk about potential pricing? I know you you're guiding for -- well, I won't call it conservative, but net adds down here in Q4 with the growth profile still seems pretty healthy on a unit basis. And what's the likelihood that we'll get the last price increase announced?
Mark McLaughlin: Todd, it's Mark. On the buyback side, we don't comment on any blackout periods we may be. So I really can't get into the details about that. All what we can do is report what we've done at the end of the quarter, in the quarter. So I really can't get anything further than that. And on the pricing side, also as you know we've taken three out of four of the deposit price increases, we couldn't comment whether we intend to take the fourth one or when either as well. So we do think about those, as we mentioned before, take a lot of things into account. So you look at those included the economy, how the business is doing, how the registrar is doing and some other factors. A lot of positives in a lot of those areas today, but we can't comment as to if or when we take the next price increase.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Mark, maybe you could help us out because .net auto renews, I think, June of next year. So what's the time frame if you wanted to take one more price increase across .net? Can you do it all the way up until June? Or is there some time frame when you have to do that?
Brian Robins: We could take the pricing. We could notice a price increase in .net right up to the end of the term of the contract. If you were within six months or you noticed inside that six-month notice period, then the increase would take effect post the renewal.
Operator: And for our next question from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Was curious on the new names added this quarter. It's slowed sequentially, I think, it was the first, kind of single digit number you've seen in a while. And do you think this is a function of just tougher compares? Is this something you're seeing in the economy? Anything from a geography standpoint?
Mark McLaughlin: Rob, it's Mark. No, I think on the new units that came in to the -- we got two million net units which is about a strong shelling, and then on the new side, we have $7.5 million. If you look back on historical basis over the last few years, I think three year and a half average, on that means that quarter is about $7.3 million. So it's actually pretty strong showing for net units if you look backwards.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: And then second, you guys filed a couple of patents recently. At least I think it was published that were patents filed. Just with regard to scoring and ranking of traffic into domain names, any comment there is that for future potential services you guys are looking at?
Mark McLaughlin: We do a lot of intellectual property work, Rob. So we have over 200 patents on file that have been issued or are being filed. So that's regular course of business for us to try to protect intellectual property that we develop, and we wouldn't get into specifics as to what we would do to commercialize unless we have already done so.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now go to our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was just wondering, is there any change in the sources for the new names? You talked about the momentum that's building. But is there any new factors that has helped driving name growth?
Mark McLaughlin: The big picture around this is that we continue to see good growth in the base itself and then we can peel back on the renewals. Those are going up nicely mostly because the previously renewed base is increasing. And then on the new units, the sources are continuing to be the same, strong international growth. And inside that growth, in the unit standpoint, the BRIC countries continued to deliver very nicely. So there's no dramatic shifts in the good trends we have been seeing.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on the renewal rate, anything that we should think about in terms of the renewal rate as we enter from its seasonal factor both the third and fourth quarter and then longer-term into the 2011 time frame?
Mark McLaughlin: We had more expiring names this quarter than last quarter. So we always have to watch how many names are in the expiring base. So that doesn't impact the renewal rates. It impacts the math as a result of those things. And then on the mix, we will have slightly more expiring names, first time expiring names in the mix. So the combination of those things comes out awashed on the overall renewal rate. An expiring base is fairly steady as a percentage of the base, but we're not really expecting because the base is getting bigger. Does that make sense?
Operator: Next question comes from Walter Pritchard with the Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: I was just wondering, now that you guys have SSL closed, do you guys have any more clarity on the timing of transition expenses and how we should think about lumpiness in terms of margins going forward?
Brian Robins: Tim, this is Brian. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the Transition Services Agreement going to mid-2011, and the Transition Services Agreements are broken into things that can be taken out in the business such as staff that are doing billing and collections and international locations. But the majority of it is network services and infrastructure that we're providing that we'll keep post-transition. And so we expect mid-next year for that to be complete. And the lumpiness in the margins, you'll probably see for the next two quarters.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then secondly on headcount, I think you guys are flat this quarter. Is that the number we should expect the company to be at going forward? Or you expect us to fill up over the next few quarters?
Mark McLaughlin: There's a couple of puts and takes on headcount, and so we're trying to manage the business to an overall margin profile and not necessarily to our obtain for a headcount profile. We're ramping down on the West Coast and ramping up on the East Coast. We have duplication for a period of time. And then also there's a number of headcount related to the CSAs. As those are [indiscernible], the headcount going down. Then we're also investing back into NIA network in our operability and availability. So there's some puts and takes. So the headcount for probably the next two to three quarters will be one quarter, it may go down, next quarter it may go up just because of the puts and takes related to the Transition Services Agreement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Chloe Wayne: This is Chloe Wayne for Phil Winslow. Could you comment at all on your expectations for the managed DNS business in the near-term? And how should we think about the margin profile going forward as you continue to ramp it up? And just as a follow-up, when you look at competitors, like UltraDNS from NeuStar, what does managed DNS bring to the people?
Mark McLaughlin: On a general manner, we look at the market opportunity there. We look at the overall market is about $900 million market that is expected to grow at about 15% on an annual CAGR for the next three to five years. So the market opportunity itself was attractive. When you get inside that market, it's fairly fragmented market as far as who the players are. So we believe that given the network we have and the experience we have on that network, we have a competitive advantage there plus some name brand repetition that will help us from a selling perspective. So we haven't any guidance as to the business itself. It's not material to date at this point. But we like the space itself, and we will be involved in this space and try to grow that business. Relative to other folks that market from a managed DNS standpoint, other players have a list of services or suite of services of which Managed DNS is one of them, and we have that offering as well. So the idea is to provide ultimately an end solution were DNS-related services that are internal and external DNS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, can you talk a little bit about some of the newer things like DNSSEC? What can that mean in terms of a revenue opportunity for next year in terms of how much you charge customers, what sort of penetration do you think that you'll get? And then some of the other things that ICANN is working on like the new IDNs and the new TLDs. How do you think about that revenue opportunity and potential impact to your core registries?
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, on the DNSSEC side, there's two aspects left for us. On the core naming business itself, DNSSEC is the cost it's not a revenue generator because we have to do work in order to implement DNSSEC. It's a good thing for the infrastructure for the world using infrastructure. On the flip side of potential revenue opportunity in our NIA business, things like IPv6, DNSSEC, they make the network in DNS more complicated. So there's an opportunity there to help manage that on an outsourced basis as folks say this is more complicated and we like somebody to help us out with that. So it's across added revenue opportunity for us, but they're different sides of the business. And on the IDN side, we expect the new ccTLD in which we consider the idea and versions of common net to fill out the application process mid-2011 and be granted sometime in 2012. So the time frame as far as market expectations, we think these are opportunities for us. We're trying to be a bit measured on that given two factors that we know and this is a rough analogy. The one thing we know is that the IDNs that during com net base today, the English IDNs. Meaning comps is still on English like calm in front of it. That's about 1 million names in the base today and our base and that. And then on the global basis come if you look at ccTLD, it will be some countries that would be the prime suspects, if you will, for as far as sales that are in cyrillic or some other languages that's not English. There's about 16 million, 17 million total ccTLD that turn those languages. So it's a little hard to be specific if this one is where to come in. But we try to use those sort of English [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: As you look out and I know I heard you say Managed DNS is very small and young for you. As you look out, can you talk about your expectations for the distribution model? Why wouldn't this be another wholesale opportunity to work through the big tech partners like Go Daddy into it, Symantec and in small medium business? And would you expect it will be a mix of wholesale and the direct retail relationships at the high-end?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Dan. I think the answer is yes to all that. You got the right idea there. This looks like a traditional sales model where you'd go to market from a small field team going to the high end and then you have an inside sales force against. Getting into mid-market and then you have channel partners at the lower end of the market. And that lower end of the market is where we put our national partners and registrars discussions about the disturbing all these services. But we intend to cover the gamut of the market through those distribution channels.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now go to our next question from Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I wonder if you could just shed any light on your broader thoughts on potential uses of cash for M&A or the possibility of a special dividend before the end of this year?
Mark McLaughlin: In the past, as we've said, we continue to view it this way. From an M&A standpoint, while it's possible that we could do some smaller deals that would help us, from a product roadmap standpoint or a go to market perspective, if we were to do something like that, we would need a few requirements to this core business. It wouldn't be large in size, and it would look at that weight something on the roadmap or go to market. So clear on what we do that. So speak in terms of what we might do and what the likely to do is new industries and we'll likely do anything like that. So from the perspective of using cash farm an M&A standpoint.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: As you look at opportunities to provide registry service, I would say when some of the new global TLDs come online, I know you talked about this as an opportunity. Have you done an analysis of what the business profile and margin profile of these types of services might -- how they might compare to your existing business?
Mark McLaughlin: There's two ways to look at that, both where we think are attractive. One is for a new TLD that we might want to go after ourselves and run outside of any marketing we have to do around that. From an operational standpoint, we have a lot of economy skills to add a new TLD on there. And secondly, if we were to back end registry provider for somebody else who have the TLD, we would still enjoy the network efficiencies we have by putting a new TLD on an existing structure. So from a margin perspective, would expect this is attractive for us.
Operator: And now for our last question from Craig Nankervis with First Analyst (sic) [First Analysis].
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation: For you Mark, the guidance for Q4 net name ads is almost flat year-over-year at the midpoint. I guess I was a little surprised at that. Are there any factors on the negative side this year that's influencing your forecast versus your results a year ago?
Mark McLaughlin: There's a couple of things you're looking at there, Craig. One is when we looking at the expiry may be is relative to the third quarter, we have more expiring names in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. And then the second thing is we have slightly higher next mix in the third quarter and fourth quarter of names that are expired and up for renewal for the first time. As you may know, the first time renewal rate is substantially lower than the previously renewed.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation: I'm so more focused than that in Q3. But I'm not going to do that in Q4 last year versus what you're guiding for Q4 this year. And I'm trying to understand if there's any end of year dynamics that are different this year and end of year dynamics versus last year?
Mark McLaughlin: I think the dynamics is the same. We've seen a couple of times in the past like in the script that you might do the end of the year that might not be aware of, given an account review that would happen or not. But from a dynamic standpoint, it's the same.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Brian, sales and marketing was much lower than I expected, is $18 million on a non-GAAP basis. Is that sort of a baseline going forward?
Brian Robins: It will be. There's a couple of things in sales and marketing. In the second quarter, we had some one-time expenses. There was the campaign that Symantec took over into third quarter. So we didn't recognize that in the third quarter where we did in the second quarter. Also we had a one-time program related to the 25th anniversary of .com in the second quarter. So second quarter had a couple of one-time events. And as we won the things that we sold our business we took our enterprise sales force and the process of building that up. So you can expect it to be flattish to where it was now. It will gradually grow over time but with the percent of center revenue it will likely go down.
Operator: We'll now go to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Ignatius Njoku: It's Ignatius in for Katharine. Can you talk about what you're seeing in the BRIC countries? Are you signing up more registrars?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, the BRIC countries continue to perform well for us. If we get inside the base, about 60% of the base is domestic, and about 39% to 40% of it is international. And then if you get inside the 40% that's international, about 25% of that is, well, I'll call it, emerging, which is primarily BRIC. And if you feel that in one layer lower, then you find out the BRIC countries growth rate units is twice as high as what it might be more mature international countries. So the BRIC countries continue to perform well, but it's off a lower base. But we've seen really big growth there.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli. Please go ahead.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. I'd like to remind you that Brian will be presenting at the Credit Suisse 2010 Annual Technology Conference on Tuesday, November 30, as well as at the Barclays Capital Technology Conference on December 8. And then Jamba! NIA Services will present at Lazad Capital Cloud Computing Investor Forum on December 9. The webcast registration details will be available on the investor relations website. Also Mark recently gave an interview on the Communicator segment of C-SPAN that can be viewed at cspan.org. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from the call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McLaughlin - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brian Robins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Nancy Fazioli - Investor Relations
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Kerry Rice - Wedbush Securities Inc. Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Welcome to the VeriSign Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Now at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Nancy Fazioli, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Nancy Fazioli, Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Mark McLaughlin, President and CEO; and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast through our Investor Relations website located at investor.verisign.com. Please refer to our website for important information, including the Q2 2010 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on our website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail on our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and in the applicable amendment, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial performance or guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. The financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on our Investor Relations website. In a moment, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks, and afterwards, we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. Mark?
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon, everyone. Q2 is a good quarter for us. Both our Naming Services and Authentication businesses performed well, as we continue to see favorable economic and Internet trends. But before I could discuss our quarterly results, I want to touch on some other highlights during the quarter. First, as you know, on May 19, we announced a definitive agreement to sell the Authentication Services business to Symantec, with an expected close of the transaction within 90 days of that date. We're on track to close within this time frame. Second, we have an update on the status of the case filed against VeriSign by the Coalition for ICANN transparency or CFIT. As we reported in an 8-K that we filed on July 9, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied VeriSign's motion for rehearing, which means that CFIT's complaint against VeriSign can proceed. The denial is based on the application of law and not the merits of the case.  In our view, the amended opinion changes in two respects the court's earlier decision. First, the Court of Appeals changed its opinion by explaining that for purposes of reviewing the sufficiency of the complaint, it was not considering the role of the U.S. government in the 2006 agreement. And second, the amended opinion clarifies the earlier decisions by explaining that competitive bidding is not required as a predicate to complying with the antitrust laws. Procedurally, we have two options at this point and 90 days to make a decision of which to pursue. We can either request further appellate review or have the case remanded to the District Court for proceedings. We remain confident about our position in the case, and we'll vigorously defend this position. Now moving on to financial highlights. Authentication Services was placed into discontinued operations in the second quarter. I'm going to give highlights of continuing operations. Revenue in the second quarter for Naming Services was $168 million, representing a 9% year-over-year increase. Naming Services is comprised of Registry Services and Network Intelligence and Availability. Network Intelligence and Availability is our iDefense and DDoS Mitigation businesses.  Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.24 compared to $0.16 in Q2 2009. Non-GAAP operating margin was 40.5% compared to 33.9% in Q2 2009. On the cash side, we generated cash from operations of $149 million. And in the quarter, we repurchased 8.1 million shares for $227 million under our repurchase program. Following our share repurchases in the quarter, we had approximately $420 million authorized for share repurchases under our existing repurchasing authority. Last week, the Board of Directors increased the repurchase authorization by approximately $1.1 billion, tripling our current authorized repurchase plan to $1.5 billion. We've periodically considered repurchases in the form of open market purchases, block purchases, ASRs and other strategies. Now moving to the business unit results for the quarter. The base of registered names in .com and .net this quarter totaled 101.5 million names at the end of June, a 9% increase year-over-year. 2.2 million net names were added to the domain name base this quarter, in line with our guidance from last quarter's call of 2 million to 2.3 million names. During the second quarter, we processed 7.9 million new registrations, which is a 13% increase year-over-year. The 2010 Q1 renewal rate was 72.1%, up from 71.2% in Q4 2009. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for Q2 2010 will be approximately 72.5% to 73%. For net domain name additions, we expect the Q3 net names added to the base to be between 1.9 million to 2.2 million names, considering the July and August have historically been seasonally slower months. On July 1, the price for .com and .net new and renewing names increased from $6.86 to $7.34 and from $4.23 to $4.65, respectively. I'm also excited to announce the recent milestone for VeriSign in the Naming business that we're proud of. DNSSEC, which stands for Domain Name System Security Extensions, was implemented in the root zone in July. DNSSEC is a marriage of cryptography and authentication technologies that validate DNS data, which strengthens the Internet's defenses against cache poisoning and man-in-the-middle attacks. The technology will help give Internet users more confidence in their online experience. DNSSEC is the most significant change to DNS since its creation, and VeriSign technologies were among the elite industry group that made it happen. Designing of the root was a culmination of months of preparation, testing and deployment in coordination with the U.S. Department of Commerce, ICANN and the root server operators. In remarks made at the White House Cybersecurity Policy Review Meeting early in July, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke recognized Verisign's workflow in this groundbreaking accomplishment and praised the effort as an example of successful public-private partnerships. I want to knowledge and thank the DNSSEC group deployment team for their efforts in getting the group DNSSEC-enabled.  And now moving to Authentication Services for the second quarter. In Business Authentication, we saw the installed base of SSL Certificates increased to 1.27 million certificates in the second quarter compared to 1.25 million in the first quarter. From a bookings perspective, Business Authentication had another healthy bookings quarter, where bookings again exceeded our plan and exceeded revenue. The annualized average unit revenue, or AUR, for the installed base at VeriSign, GeoTrust and Thawte-branded certificates for the second quarter was $222, which is flat from Q1. While product mix shift has been a consistent trend, we are pleased to see stabilization in AUR this quarter, with the strong bookings that we have seen over the past couple quarters starting to flow direct. The feedback on the new Trust Seal product launch in late February continue to be strong. There were two key developments since our last earnings call, including the launch through the partner channel in May and the roll out through existing SSL customers in mid July. And with the impending close of the sale of Authentication, I want to take this opportunity to recognize and thank all the employees in Authentication Services for their hard work and contribution to VeriSign over the years and wish them the best of success as part of Symantec. This is an exceptionally talented team, and they'll be missed. As we look forward post the sale of Authentication, we think we are well positioned in the market for a number of reasons. First, a world-class technology. We have strong technical expertise that's demonstrated by our success in running a scalable network infrastructure, with 100% availability for more than a decade. Second, we are the market leader in a competitively defensible position. We've enjoyed strong unit growth and have a healthy renewal rate in a business that should benefit from continued Internet adoption globally. Third, we have a solid financial position, including strong cash flows and an enviable balance sheet to support the existing business and to pursue evolutionary growth opportunities. And finally, we have a team that is seasoned and possesses unique insight into our industry position and core strengths. We think this will prove to be a potent combination as we move the company forward. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian for additional discussion of our results. Brian?
Brian Robins: Thanks, Mark, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. As Mark highlighted, and as we discussed on the May call, Authentication Services is classified as discontinued operations for the second quarter. The balance sheet for the second quarter is based on the consolidated operations, with Authentication Services placed in held for sale.  We're pleased with our performance this quarter. I would like to highlight a few key financial metrics we reviewed in Analyst Day that we're focused on for the year: Revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth and free cash flow. Revenue for Naming Services was $168 million, up 4% from the prior quarter and up 9% year-over-year. As indicated in our filings, revenue from Registry Services for the operation in .com and .net is in U.S. dollars, so we have minimal FX exposure on the top line. Deferred revenue growth for Naming Services was strong in Q2. We ended the quarter at $641 million, up $24 million or 4% in Q1 and up 11% from the same period in 2009. Non-GAAP operating expense were approximately $100 million, up 2% quarter-over-quarter and down approximately 2% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 40.5% in the second quarter compared to 39.4% in Q1. The Q2 operating margin includes certain overhead costs associated with Authentication Services that will decrease over time with the transition of the business. I'll discuss that in more detail in a minute following the close of the deal. We will continue to focus on cost optimization and efficiency. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $43 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.24 compared to $0.22 in Q1 and $0.16 in the same period in 2009, a 50% increase year-over-year. Contributing to the strong sequential growth was revenue growth and share repurchases during the quarter of 8.1 million shares, resulting in a diluted share count of 183 million shares. We initiated the repurchase of approximately 900,000 additional shares in the second quarter that did not settle until July and thus will be reflected in the third quarter share count. Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was approximately $149 million in 2Q. Free cash flow was $131 million in 2Q, given $4 million excess tax benefits and $23 million capital expenditures in the quarter. In the quarter the deal closes, we anticipate an impact to free cash flow as a result of losing Authentication Services working capital to proceeds from sales. Our balance sheet is strong with ending cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash of approximately $1.34 billion, a decrease of $213 million after share repurchases of $227 million.  Following the close of the transaction, we anticipate that approximately 35% of our cash balance will be held internationally. We may, at some point, consider repatriation a portion of the cash but recognize that would likely result in significant income taxes. As Mark mentioned, we now have $1.5 billion authorized for share repurchases. With regard to current expectations around the transition of the Authentication Services business to Symantec, as we indicated at the time of the announcement, we expect that the bulk of the transition services agreements, or TSAs, will be completed within a year of the close of the transaction taking us through the first half of 2011. While we exited the quarter with 2,225 employees, 1,100 of those employees are part of continuing operations. We expect headcount to be reduced to fewer than 1,000 employees at some point in late 2011, after the fulfillment of the transition services agreement is completed. Following the close, our focus will again be on seeking opportunities to achieve cost optimization as we transition Authentication Services business. VeriSign has taken a disciplined approach to restructure the company over the past three years, and we will continue to focus on that trajectory with the transition of the Authentication business, as well as the implementation of our growth initiatives. Moving on to guidance. At this point, we believe we are making good progress to achieve and or exceed the targets we provided on the May call: Naming Services revenue growth for 2010 in the range of 8% to 11%, which is on track based on our performance in the first half of the year, resulting in full year 2010 revenue of between $665 million and $685 million; non-GAAP gross margin in the 77% to 78% range; non-GAAP operating margin in the 40% to 41% range for the remainder of the year. Anticipating closing the transaction on schedule, we expect second quarter 2011 exit operating margin to be in the range of 45%. Non-GAAP other loss net is expected to be $20 million for 2010. Our guidance is based on continued growth and increased operating efficiencies on our business. I have covered our performance this quarter and last with key metrics of the business, accomplishments in top and bottom line execution and an overview of our goal for cost optimization going forward. As Mark highlighted, VeriSign is entering a new phase, and we believe we are well positioned in the market to move the business forward. We are fortunate to have a nimble culture that adapts well to change, and I'm confident about our ability to execute effectively. I'd like to thank all of our employees for their hard work and focus. Our continued execution is and has been a testament to their capabilities, dedication and professionalism. Thank you for your time this afternoon. Before I turn the call over to the operator to take your questions, I'd like to remind you that Mark will be presenting at the Pacific Crest Technology Leadership Forum on Tuesday, August 10. The webcast registration details are available on the Investor Relations website. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Brian, if you could clarify in the margin, the 45% exit. That's exiting which period?
Brian Robins: 2Q 2011.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then as it relates to the buyback, I thought you guys bought back more stock than we expected, about 230 million in the quarter, and it sounded like you had some settling at the end of the quarter. Were you at all restricted in buying back stock in the quarter? Did you have some program in place to be able to go throughout the quarter and buy back stock? Or just if you could kind of clarify how the buyback proceeded to the quarter, and that be helpful to us understanding it.
Brian Robins: So we bought about 8.1 million shares in the quarter. That's reflected in our weighted average share count, and there's 900,0000 shares that settled after the quarter ended. As folks are aware, we had a material transaction that we disclosed during the quarter, and such transaction would prevent certain blackout periods.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: And then just lastly on the renewal rate, I guess, I asked you this last quarter, and it seems like the renewal rate continued to creep up here, or I guess your estimated renewal rate in Q2. Mark, could you talk about, are you seeing different renewal rates on subsequent renewals versus first time? And is that continuing to drag up the renewal rate? Or what was the driver of renewal rate continuing to creep up there?
Mark McLaughlin: A couple of things, Walter. We continue to see previously renewed names renewing at a higher rate than first-time renewed names. And then the base is trending more towards previously renewed names, so you get an uptake from that. And the second is last year, as I mentioned, registrars run a number of motions around renewals just given the way the economy was trying to keep customers as opposed to spending a lot of money on new customers, and we're seeing the benefit of that come through the renewal rate now.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Did the pricing increase at all impact the renewal rates as we did hear from some registrars that may have pulled forward some renewal activity into June?
Mark McLaughlin: It's possible, but if it is based on our looks into this, I think it would be immaterial.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Cummings with ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: Regarding the employees involved in transition services. Do these tend to be kind of discrete job descriptions? Or could it be people who are involved in recurring activities as well? I'm just kind of asking about how orderly this is going to go. I think you said your going forward headcount is around 1,100 and that will trend down over the next couple of quarters.
Brian Robins: Dan, this is Brian. The TSAs are not employee-specific. Some of them are employee-specific but they're more task-specific. And so the TSAs range from one month to 24 months, with most of them ending in about nine to 12 months. And so you will see a gradual roll off of the employees over that time period. And they're designed really to create a smooth transition for the customers. And so it's in both of our objectives to get them done sooner than later. And we are working with the transition team that's working hand-in-hand with Symantec on the agreement and on transitioning the certain capabilities over to Symantec.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: Does it involve contractor people as well? Or are these tend to be full-time employees?
Brian Robins: Most of them are full-time employees.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ed Maguire with CLSA.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Could you talk about the geographic characteristics of the common net growth, what the contribution was for U.S. versus international registrations?
Mark McLaughlin: It's Mark. We're fairly consistent in a couple of things. One is the zone today, our zone in .com and .net is approaching 40% on an international basis. So it tends to grow nicely and faster than the domestic base. So we haven't seen any changes in that trend over the last six to eight quarters and its positive effect.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Also on the new global TLDs, any updates on initiatives that you maybe working on there?
Mark McLaughlin: In order to do that, we have to have that all group from an ICANN perspective as far as them releasing new ccTLD, which a portion of that is the non-english versions of existing TLDs. And that all still appears to be on track for negotiations applications in 2011 with the launch of those things either late 2011 or early 2012.
Edward Maguire - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And just finally, any updates on progress on the Internet Defense Network and the traction you're seeing there?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, it's good. Let's say, with niche in [ph] business, as you know, so just getting that off that ground, Ben Petro joined us recently to think that over, and his doing a good job with the business. We've got a nice pipeline there. One of the things we have to do, given the sale of the Authentication business to Symantec, it's most of our sales resources are going to Symantec. We have been sharing that to get this business off the ground. So we have a little building effort going on there. But Ben is doing a good job, and it's a little early to talk about specifics because I think it's not material enough yet, but we like what we see there.
Operator: Our next question is from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just in preparation for the close, the TSA agreements that you have, will that flow through other income? Or will that show up in revenue?
Brian Robins: Other income. The expense will be above the line and then the revenue will be down in other income.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Exiting 2Q of '11, the 45% operating margin, what are some of the examples of the things that might be left to kind of impact phase out off that will drive up margins once you're through with those TSAs?
Brian Robins: There is a number of things, one is on the infrastructure side. Prior to the divestitures, we look at we're building the company where $1.5 billion in revenue, 5,500 employees. And so the corporate infrastructure on the system side is currently slated for a lot more capacity. If you look at the international facilities, facilities around the world, where we obviously need to slim down our facilities, the maintenance cost on those systems and then just the optimization across the entire company on a number of other areas.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Mark, on the 7.9 million new names that came in during the quarter, you mentioned international, but are there any other kind of trends or sources to those new name additions that you see?
Mark McLaughlin: No, Sterling, we're fairly consistent quarter-over-quarter here as far as the sources of the names. So PPC is a dead thing. And it's hard to tell any longer, anymore what's in there at all. So it's really just to where we used to call traditional and then broken out between domestic and international. It continues to trend as we've seen, like I said, the last six or eight quarters.
Operator: Our next question is from Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Back on the TSA agreements, wondering if you could just quantify that for us in dollar terms what you're expecting for the second half? And then also, when you do look at the exit rate in Q2 fiscal '11, you mentioned getting down below 1,000 heads. Is that exit rate of 45% including getting below 1,000 heads or is that still for the second half?
Brian Robins: I'll take the headcount first and then I'll talk about the TSAs. On the headcount side, that would be down under 1,000 heads and then we will gradually add back as we look at some of the new investment areas, which would be small and incremental in nature. So you'll see some come out and some net additions, but will be under 1,000 heads. And then on the TSA side, these are structured in a way to the extent that they if they're able to transition them over to Symantec, that the TSAs can be canceled. And so I don't want to give out a number per se and say, "Hey, here's a number that you can build in your model." It maybe longer, it may be shorter, and we want to make sure that the customers have a very smooth transition from VeriSign over to Symantec. You can think about, on an annual basis, it's approximately in the $5 million range. But there may be some puts and takes there on the timing.
Mark McLaughlin: And Philip, it's Mark. Just one clarification. What Brian said earlier was the 45% range was the exit rate coming out of Q2 2011, not the full year. And we're reticent trying to call the floor here yet without having developed a 2,000-head employment operating plan yet, which it's just too early to do that.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: And that 45% includes an assumption that you'll be below 1,000 exiting in Q2 correct?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Ashley, Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Wondered if maybe qualitatively you could discuss how aggressive you might be buying back your stock once you receive the $1.3 billion in proceeds from the divestiture?
Mark McLaughlin: It's Mark. We really can't talk about that, but there are a couple of things to highlight here. The increases of the repurchase authorization up to a total of $1.5 billion now and the fact that we bought about $200 million, close to $230 million in the last quarter or so. I think it's safe to say, as we have in previous calls, that we fully -- we have more than enough cash to run the business and we'd be looking for ways to return some [indiscernible].
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Brian, is there any kind of comment you could make around what cash flow from operations might have looked like just in the Naming business?
Brian Robins: So we didn't give out any specific, on the last call, any specific data around it. Part and parcel because the cash flow is highly dependent on margin and future price increases. And so we haven't given out specific guidance on what cash flow will be for Naming.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And is there any rule of thumb, maybe on the CapEx side, of what we could think about in for CapEx needs on the Naming side?
Brian Robins: Yes. When we had our last call, we said 8% to 10% of revenue. And so you can expect the CapEx and then maybe some confusion around the CapEx that we reported this quarter. The balance sheet is still consolidated and the P&L was reported into discontinued operations and continuing operations. The CapEx reported this quarter was about 60% Naming and about 40% Authentication.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Owens of Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Given that you've got three consecutive quarters of strong double-digit new name growth and you have an improving renewal rate here, how should we think about net new names going forward? Could we see them kind of transition up to a new level for 2011?
Mark McLaughlin: It's possible, Rob. We're looking at on the new names coming in the system about a 13% increase in the quarter-over-quarter basis, which is up nicely. So if we go back historically, that's the number that is a high number over the last eight, going on nine quarters. So we've got a nice combination going here if it sticks, of more than double-digit growth on new names coming in and renewal rates trending up nicely as well. So I think we could see nine plus percent unit growth for a while.
Operator: Our next question is from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, maybe just a follow-up to that question on the Naming growth. As the new gTLDs come next year, what have you got [ph] is kind of change it could make to the growth you've got in .com and .net, if any?
Mark McLaughlin: I think it's positive. So a couple of things. One is just related to .com and .net, with the introduction of new TLDs, the expectation that just brings more people to the market. We generally do find that when more people shop to the market. And the second thing, we intend to participate with some of those [indiscernible] growth opportunities for us.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On a follow-up on the lawsuit, is there anything that you can do other than going back to court or taking it to Supreme Court or whatever? Just settle and put it behind you or is that just not even an option that can be pursued?
Mark McLaughlin: It is an option that could be pursued, but it's not one of the things that I've mentioned that we're -- the few choices we have procedurally, as the case today.
Operator: Our next question will come from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: I was wondering if you could talk about the contract duration around the Naming business and talk about how we should expect the most recent price increase to kind of flow in to the base?
Mark McLaughlin: By contract duration, do you mean the average term license?
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: The Name, yes.
Mark McLaughlin: It's holding steady at about 1.17 for names that have been in the cage for a while now. So no expectations that would change up or down dramatically for the time being. And then as far as the flow through of the price increase, we've said that, that would be immaterial for this year and then the deferred impact we'd enter it next year.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: And if we look at the 1.17, is it fair to think that the majority of names are one year and then there are some type of barbell where you have a bunch of names that are multi-year?
Mark McLaughlin: It's possible. One of the things that we don't get to see, Todd, is is that registrars will sometimes sell a name for more than one year to a registrant so they collect the money from the registrant for more than one year. But for cash management purposes, they'll turn around to us and register it for a year at a time. So we may only be seeing a year of a name when somebody registers for three years. We'll get all three, but as far as day one, it looks like one year to us.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you talk about under the existing .net and .com agreements, your future price increases and what the timing around announcements would be contractually?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, in both .com and .net, we have the ability to take one remaining current price increase under the current terms of the contract. We chose to do so and if we did that, we would have to give six months advance notice and it would take an impact next year, May 2011. That's as far away as we could go since we've taken one and it took effect in 2010. If we were to do another one, we'd furlough the effective date effective in 2011.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: Given the commentary around the renewal rate kind of ticking up here, is it fair to read into that, that you guys are not seeing any kind of price sensitivity from the price increases?
Mark McLaughlin: I think that would be, I wouldn't be prepared to make that statement, Todd. I think that there's a number of things to be applied here, which is like I said, more names in the base that had previously been renewed, renewing at a higher rate, and then also some of the renewal programs that have been run by the community, I think are primarily what's going on here.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank AG: If you think Pay Per Click has really gone away, do you think the traditional base is price sensitive at current levels?
Mark McLaughlin: I think that the traditional base is price sensitive at the current levels. I think that what traditional base is trying dig in a lot of value from the name, for whatever purposes you're using it or they like to keep them so they're buying them and they renew them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll next go to Craig Nankervis with First Analysts (sic) [First Analysis].
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Just to be sure I understand, given the renewal programs that you were referring to, is that a one-time thing or is that ongoing? In other words, in Q3, would there be reasonable likelihood that the renewal rate might go down from Q2?
Mark McLaughlin: I'll take that in two parts, Craig. One is programs are generally run all the time. They tend to be in one or two categories. They're either run for new names being sold or renewals, and we've seen the registrar community focus on those more heavily at different times for various reasons. So as far as how they're spending their money, they generally go to those two categories. So does the renewal rate go down from this part [ph], yes, it's possible and if it were the case, then one of the things could be if you had more first-time names up for renewal in a specific quarter, then another quarter, you might see a slight decrease because of that. But as a general matter, we'd said that healthy historical renewal rates trending in the business look to be like in the 70% to low 70%. We saw that last year and we think we're seeing that here.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Kessler, Standard and Poor's.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: So I got on the call a little late so I apologize if this question or the gist of it was already asked, but basically what I'm looking for is some detail around going forward, what the growth strategy is given that you're now essentially going to be meaner and meaner, if you will. And in addition to the notion of international growth, which is something that I think a lot of people see in front of you guys, can you give us a sense of where you see the growth coming from and if, potentially, acquisitions might play a part in that? I know it's ironic to some extent that you're completing this divestiture and I'm asking about acquisitions, especially given that obviously, you guys have talked about looking at some things, but not really necessarily having been able to move forward on them for whatever reason. But I'm wondering if you could provide some comments.
Mark McLaughlin: So I think of things in three kind of categories there. The first is just in our core business around .com and .net, we tend to benefit from their growing use of the Internet on a global basis. So if you look at the trend, folks coming online, broadband penetration, e-commerce sales, advertising sales, all those things tend to benefit us if they're growing. And all indications are that they will continue to grow for quite some time despite the recessionary that we. So things seem to be back on uptick there. So first and foremost, we believe it will, in fact, continue to grow just from being -- benefiting at having a central location, if you will, on a fast-growing Internet infrastructure on a global basis. The second thing is we have growth opportunities right around that infrastructure related to like the new gTLDs I just discussed, both the new gTLDs themselves plus the internationalized version of the TLDs we run today. And if you take into account everything I've been saying about international growing very nicely, we think that there's some growth opportunities around the non-English versions of the TLDs we run. So that's the second category. And the third category is in the infrastructure itself. So we spent, we continue to spend a lot of time and money on the infrastructure on .com and .net. And in doing that, we know that we have had to do things for a number of years for ourselves to make that infrastructure robust and secure and scalable. And we turn our attention recently to providing services around that for other folks. So we're utilizing some of our learnings from the network, and that some of the things in this network intelligence and availability to discuss we currently have the Investment Mitigation service. We have the network for intelligence. We recently launched a Managed DNS service. And you'll see us do more services that are very close in around the infrastructure itself where we can utilize what all the work and experience we have there. In to the last part of your question, from an acquisition standpoint, I said earlier that you should not expect us to go off and do a big acquisition or try to leverage our way into a different industry. I don't see that in our future. If we have the opportunity, in any of the areas I just went through, to do bolt-on acquisitions that would give us higher growth rates that we're seeing today on things that we understand very, very well and if we can get an attractive price, we would be open to look at that. But we're being very careful and disciplined in doing that.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: If I could just also follow up on a prior question, it seems to me like to some extent, you commented on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, denying, I guess, your request for a dismissal. I'm wondering if you'd give us a sense of what the next steps are going to be in the related timetable there?
Mark McLaughlin: I wanted to clarify in my prepared comments I said that -- let me answer your question and I'll clarify. The -- procedurally one or two things can happen with the case right now. We could request further appellate review, which means we could request a review at the Supreme Court level. Or if we don't do that, if we choose not to do that, then the case would be what's called remanded back to the District Court where a trial would start. We have 90 days from the date of the Ninth Circuit decision, which was on July 9, to make the decision as to which of those two avenues we would go.
Operator: Our next question is from Kerry Rice with Wedbush.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just maybe a quick clarification. You guys, in the latest 8-K, indicated that you are moving the facilities or headquarters kind of everything to Dulles, and the needless doubt [ph] kind of the total incurred cost of being about $35 million to $38 million. Is that all related to the move or is that just the cost associated to the move that are included in that in the $35 million to $38 million is just all in now what we expect related to the cost of the Authentication business sale?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. There's a couple -- there is a restructuring related to the Authentication sale and then there is the restructuring related to moving Corporate Services from California to the Dulles area; and its outplacement, severance, retention, a lot of exit costs and so forth. And so that's not -- if you have a lease here, you break a lease, there's certain exit costs associated with that and so that's in there.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Is there a way to break out those two from the $35 million? You've got the $21 million related to the severance costs and the $14 million to $17 million related to the excess facility. Is that the way to think about the breakout of those two or are there mixed in there so it's not that easy to break it?
Brian Robins: That's the way to think about it.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Moving to the Dulles area, is going to occur about the same time that the Authentication Services business sale is closed. Is that correct?
Brian Robins: It'll be over the next six to 12 months. There would be a transition related to that.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I know that you've got some verbage in here talking about estimates, but can you talk at all about potential cost savings or additional costs, besides the kind of separation cost that are related to the move? Is that a move that helps you save cost and if you can't, can you quantify them? Or is there -- the rent higher, how should we think about the impact?
Brian Robins: There will be a little increase immediately because you'll have a duplication staff on both those. And then once you have a transition completely done, you'll see lowering cost since we have a smaller and more simple business. You'll see lots of back office staff, supporting sort of the front office, if you will. So you will see a reduction over time. And part of what really drove the decision to move from California to Dulles was the fact that 95% of our business is based on the East Coast. And for the people in the back office supporting the business, just better efficiency that they're located closer, same time zone.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Is this all kind of inclusive of the below 1,000 headcount or it will only be addition to that due to this move?
Brian Robins: That's built in to the below 1,000 headcount.
Operator: And we'll next go to Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer & Co.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: You mentioned the DNSSEC, is that a homegrown technology or are you using or working with some other security vendors?
Mark McLaughlin: Shaul, it's Mark. We're working with a number of vendors so DNSSEC is -- the best way to think about is that it's a standard that has been developed over the past 10 years by the IETF, a lot of groups involved with this. And then based on that standard, it's now being rolled out across the entire domain name system, which will affect the Internet. The very first step in that is to apply at the root level and some serve [ph] runs to root servers, the A and the K. We were involved for the last 10 years in working on this with a whole host of folks in standards, bodies, industry, ICANN, Commerce Department [Department of Commerce] international governments, a lot of players. What you'll see now is the DNSSEC technology rolled out across the entire domain name system, .com, .net, other TLDs, etc. ISPs will do some updates. So this is just the beginning of a large scale rollout, but it's taken some time to get everything dealt with.
Operator: And with that, this does conclude today's Q&A session. I'd like to turn the call to Nancy Fazioli for closing.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions for this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: And again, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nancy Fazioli – Investor Relations Mark D. McLaughlin - President and CEO Brian G. Robins - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs Shaul Eyal – Oppenheimer & Co.  Todd Raker – Deutsche Bank Securities  Katherine Egbert – Jefferies & Co  Phillip Winslow – Credit Suisse Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Rob Owens – Pacific Crest Securities Steven Ashley – Robert W. Baird & Co  Walter Pritchard – Citi  Ed Maguire – CLSA [Avi Frashear – Attera] 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the VeriSign, Inc. first quarter 2010 earnings call. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. I’m Nancy Fazioli, Director of Investor Relations and I’m here today with Mark McLaughlin, President and CEO, and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website located at investor.verisign.com. Please refer to our website for important information including the Q1 2010 earnings press release. A replay of this call will be available on our website within a few hours. Today’s slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today’s press release are un-audited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its longstanding policy to not comment on financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure.  The financial results in today’s press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information is appended to our press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have included a table in the statement of operations in the press release with the classification of stock based compensation In a moment, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon everyone. Q1 was a good quarter for us and a good way to start off the year. In both naming and authentication services, we are seeing improvements in the business driven by the rebounding economy as well as programs and efforts we have implemented to improve the businesses. As we have indicated in the past, we believe that online advertising spend and e-commerce spend are correlated to our business results on a lagging basis. Both of these areas saw healthy sequential improvement in the first quarter. On the naming side of the business in the first quarter, this helped us to achieve record new registrations as well as an improving renewal rate, and on the authentication side of the business, we saw continued strength in bookings. Before getting into the business unit results, I’ll touch on some highlights from the quarter. Revenue from our core businesses in the first quarter was $263 million which represented a 4% year-over-year increase. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.37 which is a 16% increase year-over-year.  Non-GAAP operating margin was 39.8%. In the quarter we repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares for about $50 million under our repurchase program. On the cash side, we generated cash from operations of $101 million. On the operations side, we continue to deliver 100% availability on our infrastructure. To help ensure that we maintain this level of performance, we announced a new initiative in the first quarter called Project Apollo. This project is designed to increase our infrastructure capacity to over 1000 times today’s level of 4 trillion queries so that we can manage up to 4 quadrillion queries per day by 2020.  Over the next decade we believe this investment will dramatically strengthen the scale of the infrastructure and enable us to maintain our operational excellence. In moving to the business unit results for the quarter, I’ll start with naming. The base of registered names in dot com and dot net this quarter totaled 99.3 million names at the end of March, a 7% increase year-over-year. 2.5 million net names were added to the domain name base this quarter, which compares to 2 million net names added in the same quarter last year. During the quarter, we processed a record 8.1 million new registrations. This is an 11% increase quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. The 2009 fourth quarter renewal rate was 71.2% up from approximately 70.5% in the third quarter of 2009. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2010 will be approximately 72%.  New registration and renewal growth in the quarter was driven by increasing confidence in the economy, continued strong international growth, and registrar marketing programs. We expect that the Q2 net names added to the domain name base will be between 2 million and 2.3 million names, considering historical seasonality. As a reminder, the price for dot com and dot net new and renewing names will increase to $7.34 and $4.65 respectively on July 1 this year. To close out naming, we have no update regarding the status of the case filed against VeriSign by the Coalition For ICANN Transparency or CFIT. As previously indicated, the Petition for Rehearing is still pending and the court is not obligated to respond in any prescribed timeframe. Now, moving on to authentication services. In business authentication we saw the install base of SSL Certificates increase to 1.25 million certificates in the first quarter compared to approximately 1.22 million for last quarter and approximately 1.15 million certificates in the first quarter of 2009. This represents a 9% year-over-year growth in the base. As I’ve mentioned in the past, the main metric for this business is revenue growth. Given that revenues are primarily deferred and recognized over a future period, bookings is a good leading indicator of future revenue direction. From the bookings perspective, we have the second consecutive healthy bookings quarter where SSL bookings exceeded our plan. Also, while two quarters do not make a trend, we have second consecutive quarter in which SSL bookings were higher than revenue. The annualized average unit revenue or AUR for the installed base of VeriSign, GeoTrust, and thought branded certificates for the first quarter was $222 which compares to $228 for the prior quarter. There are a couple of AUR related points worth mentioning. First, the AUR for the VeriSign branded certificates was flat quarter-over-quarter following a decline for the past six quarters. We believe this is due to increased discipline on discounting policies and the improving economy.  Second, unit volume growth in the low end continues to outpace unit growth in the VeriSign branded certificates. Given these points, we believe that product mix shift continues to be the major factor in the AUR decline and we would expect that to be the case for at least the remainder of 2010. Also, in the first quarter, in the authentication business, we successfully launched the VeriSign Trust Seal as planned in late February just before the RSA conference. This is our first step in our efforts to increase our [wallet] share and expand our [address for market] and trust services beyond exclusively transaction oriented sites. The initial rollout was through a small, direct sales team and through indirect mail efforts. We have additional rollouts planned to our sales partners and affiliates in May and then we’ll roll the product out for our existing VeriSign SSL customer base in July. It’s still early but the initial reception has been promising. To close out authentication service business, I also wanted to mention that in early April we acquired certain assets from TrustBearer Labs. This small acquisition follows a year long partnership that allowed us to fully appreciate the PKI expertise of their team of engineers. The company’s unique technology will further and enhance our solutions, particularly in the public sector.  Now before I turn it over to Brian, I wanted to introduce two new members of my executive team. First,[Autry] [inaudible] joined VeriSign in the first quarter as Senior Vice President of User Authentication, which includes our VeriSign identity protection and PKI businesses. [Autry] brings over 20 years of experience in Internet software, security, and cloud-base computing from organizations including McAfee, [Socoric], [inaudible], and Netscape.  Also Ben Petro recently joined VeriSign as the Senior Vice President of VeriSign Internet Defense Services, which encompasses I-Defense and our DDoS Mitigation Service. Ben knows our space well having successfully built UltraDNS, a DNS solutions provider into a growth business, which was acquired by Neustar in 2006. We are pleased to welcome both of them to the team. Brian, I will now turn the call over to you. 
Brian G. Robins:  The Q1 operational and financial results demonstrate that we are making good progress towards our 2010 goals. You will recall that we highlighted at our Analyst Day the following key financial metrics: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth, and free cash flow. We were pleased with our Q1 performance in all of these areas.  Starting with revenue for our core business, revenue was $263 million, up 1% from the prior quarter and up 4% year-over-year. Naming Services revenue was up 2% sequentially and up 9% year-over-year. Authentication Services revenue was down 1% sequentially and down 2% year-over-year. The sequential decline of Authentication Services was related to user authentication as well as VeriSign Japan. Deferred revenue from continuing operations was strong.  In Q1, we ended the quarter at $924 million, up $36 million or 4% from Q4 and up 6% from the same period in 2009. The strength is primarily the growth in new domain names and Naming Services. The subscription based deferred revenue is a key strength of our business model. Non-GAAP operating expenses was approximately $159 million, down 4%, quarter-over-quarter due primarily to the $4 million out of period depreciation adjustment that was discussed in Q4.  As well as managing Q1 expenses ahead of revenue visibility. Non-GAAP operating expenses were flat year-over-year. Our GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 33.6%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 39.8% in the first quarter compared to 36.8% in Q4. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $69 million resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.37 compared to $0.31 in Q4 and $0.32 in the same period in 2009.  Contributing to a strong sequential earnings growth was the following: continued execution on expense management, less than expected other loss net due to a gain from the contingent interest derivative related to convertible debt, higher transition services revenue in Q1, and improved interest income, and finally 2.1 million additional shares that we purchased during the quarter, resulting in a diluted share count of 184 million shares and net reduction of 8.5 million shares from Q1 2009. Operating cash flow was approximately $101 million in Q1, which includes the payment of accrued employee bonuses of approximately $36 million.  Free cash flow was $89 million in Q1, giving $8 million in excess tax benefits and $20 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Our balance sheet is strong with ending cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash of approximately $1.6 billion; an increase of $73 million after share repurchases of 50 million.  We ended the quarter with approximately $460 million in marketable securities; moving from a government money-market, light boat strategy with our cash to a prudent investment strategy that we hope to improve our yield. We invested in investment grade securities with an emphasis first on capital preservation liquidity and second on yield. We have $647 million off rights for share repurchases. As we indicated previously, approximately 60% of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities is held domestically.  Moving on to guidance, as we indicated last quarter we no longer provide quarterly guidance. However, we will update you on our progress toward our annual guidance each quarter. At this point we believe that we are making good progress to achieve or exceed the targets we provided at Analyst Day and reiterated on the Q4 call. Core revenue growth for 2010 will be in the range of 5% to 7%, up from 4% to 7%. In light of the sequential improvement that we saw in Q4, we now expect to exit Q4 2010 with non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 39.5% to 40%, up from 39% to 39.5%. Non-GAAP other loss net is expected to be approximately $32 million for 2010.  Our guidance is based on continued growth, disciplined execution, and increased operating efficiencies within our businesses. In closing, Q1 provides a strong foundation from which we can continue to focus on growing the business. During the quarter we improved company-wide performance and profitability while continuing to invest in our people, our technology, and our brand. Our operational excellence and unique capabilities coupled with our financial strength will move the business forward by relying on our experience and strengths.  We would now like to open up your call for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs:  Two questions for you. Given the turn that it appears you are starting to see, why not list their revenue guidance a little bit more on the top line? Then second, can you address competition and the SSL certificate of business too? Are you starting to see any entry from the more BBB orientated companies? 
Mark D. McLaughlin:  Hi Karen, it’s Mark. I would be happy to address both of those. On the top side, we obviously saw that there is more achievement in the first quarter than we had predicted. So from a revenue standpoint, the guidance we had given was 4% to 7%. We are tightening that range 5% to 7% and we will see how the rest of the year goes. You know it’s deferred so it bleeds out over time as we over achieve.  On the SSL competition side, the short answer is no. We haven’t seen any increased competition from what we see today, which is almost primarily all at the low end. 
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, so all of the pricing you have done is 100%, just kind of the mid-shift then. 
Mark D. McLaughlin:  At this point what we saw in the AUR, as mentioned on the VeriSign branded certificate, the AUR there was slack quarter over quarter so there has been a six-quarter decline on the ASP at VeriSign so it flattened out this quarter, which is good news. We think it’s due to a lot of, at this point, put in place around discounting and is just the sentiment in the market.  I think that, if you remember from Analyst Day, I discussed this accounting and I discussed the mix shift. I think that is primarily what we see from an AUR standpoint going forward for our mid-shift basis. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Shaul Eyal – Oppenheimer & Co. 
Shaul Eyal – Oppenheimer & Co. : 
 : 
Mark D. McLaughlin:  Shaul this is Mark. I would say that we are obviously working to increase them. I think it’s a good indicator that they are flat in that quarter; actually it was up a little bit. We are calling it flat here, but its weak and if we continue to reduce discount, I think we can hold the line on pricing. It is possible that that could increase. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Todd Raker – Deutsche Bank Securities  
Todd Raker – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Hey guys. I apologize; I missed some of the call. I have two questions for you. First of all, with $50 million in stock buy-back, especially given seeing the turn in the economy, why not ramp up stock buy-back a little bit more aggressively? Secondly as I think about the price increase starting to roll into the base, what is the average contract length on the domain side? Why won’t we see a little bit more on the uptick of operating margins, especially given the out performance that we saw this quarter as the price increase starts to roll into the base? 
Brian G. Robbins:  Hi Todd, this is Brian. I will take the buy-back question. As we spoke on prior calls, our position on buybacks hasn’t changed. We still have approximately $650 million of authorized shares repurchases and we will continue to buy back [the creep] and be in the market on an as-needed basis and look at ways to return value to the shareholders. So I can’t really comment anymore on buy backs. 
Mark D. McLaughlin:  Hi Todd, this is Mark. On the APL side, we are pretty consistent in a 1.17 on the APL, so that hasn’t changed in a while. Then on your question on the margins, obviously margins will slow from the increase on the base and we will see that again. You know it is deferred, it takes time for that all to hit. That is one of the reasons why we are saying 39.5% to 40% on the exit margin; previously we said 39% to 39.5%. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Katherine Egbert – Jefferies & Co.
Katherine Egbert – Jefferies & Co:  I have a question on the margins. It is possible that someone has already asked about this. You had pretty nice increases quarterly. Where can those continue to go? 
Brian G. Robins: Hi Katherine, this is Brian. As Mark just answered in the previous question that Todd had, we increased guidance from 39.5% to 40% on operating margin on an exit basis. As we went into the first quarter this year we intentionally wanted to see the revenue visibility within the quarter and held back expenses. We expect in Q2 that we will be between 39% and 40%.  
Katherine Egbert – Jefferies & Co:  Okay, thank you. I’m sorry about that. I’m juggling multiple calls here. One other quick one, are there anymore costs in the model from the divestitures? Is there anything left?
Brian G. Robins:  There really is not. Most everything is out. We are sort of at the base employee count. We entered the quarter with approximately 2,200 employees. There is differing here and there. It is just optimization of the divestitures being completed. We are re-designing some of our internal infrastructure and it is just so there is no material cost left to be taken out. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Phillip Winslow – Credit Suisse
Phillip Winslow – Credit Suisse: Hi guys, great quarter. I just have a question back on the domain name side. If you look at the gross adds, it is actually pretty solid acceleration here. Even during the economic downturn, gross adds were relatively flat. It was your renewal rate that actually declined. Now that gross adds seem to be accelerating and the turn rate seems to be coming down here as well, what do you think that translates into positively for a gross rate when you look at this year and next in domain names? Also do you expect to see a similar acceleration in gross adds for the rest of this year? 
Brian G. Robins: Let me take that in reverse. As far as the rest of the year, we have seasonality in the business as I mentioned, so we talked about 2 million to 2.3 million names in the next quarter. If you look back historically last year on the percentage declined quarter-over-quarter for the first quarter to the second quarter on seasonality, that would actually be stronger for performance than we have seen historically, even taking seasonality.  So we think based on what we saw in the first quarter, we can have better performance into the end of the second quarter if not throughout the rest of the year. It looks like it is going down obviously, but that is just seasonality. I compare it to previous years and it looks pretty strong.  Sorry and you had the first part of the question. Can you repeat that? 
Phillip Winslow – Credit Suisse:  What do you think about where you actually think the renewal rate can trend towards? Obviously it is bottoming, we are bottoming out here. 
Brian G. Robins: Yes. Well in the past we have seen a normalized renewal rate in the 70%, 71%, and 72%. Obviously based on what we saw in the fourth quarter, now the first quarter expectations as you go forward I would say are maybe 71% to 72% as opposed to 70% to 71%. Like I said, if you go historically looking at things taking out the whole PPC period, those rates are fairly normal. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We will go next to Sterling Auty – JPMorgan
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan:  In terms of the new addition on the naming front, what do you think the biggest sources are? In other words with the economy picking up, is it starting to be new business creation? Is it advertising? What do you think the source is on the new names being added to the base? 
Mark D. McLaughlin:  I think it is the mix of a few things, Sterling. The overages in the quarter from what our expectations were really were driven both by an increased renewal rate as well as new registrations. So if I break those two things apart for a second, on the renewal side we know that the registrars have been working hard over the last year to increase the renewal rates just because it is easier to keep those than find new businesses. It’s less expensive and that appears to be working out for them, plus I think people are just more confident about the economy and that always translates well for us.  On the new stuff side, like I said in the first quarter there is a lot of marketing that is done that is generally really geared up for the rest of the year. That was more successful this year than in previous years; probably because people are feeling more confident. Internationally we keep seeing really nice international growth as well.  I don’t think the factors have really changed about what we drive the business for, it is just that they are coming through stronger in a better economy. 
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan:  I caught your comments on the SSL side about the AUR being flat and the VeriSign brand being kind of a mix, but what I missed a little bit of because we are all juggling multiple calls. What do you think the overall AUR would be in the June quarter if you made a comment to that?  
Brian G. Robins: I didn’t on that. I would say if I look back a couple, what’s the rate of decline, the declination rate for the AUR, it’s been pretty consistent over the last two or three quarters. Last quarter has actually slowed down a little bit. This quarter is consistent with the quarter before that. So I would say we could probably expect that the next couple of quarters will be the same or a slightly better rate or a little slower rate of decline before we start to turn in the other direction. I think that’s got a lot to do with the way the money flows in this business on a different month. 
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan:  Then the last question would be is there any update on the global TLD, some of the new initiatives? I know it’s more for 2011, but in terms of processes is there any more color in terms of the ones that maybe I’ve identified that you want to go after, process, etc., etc.? 
Mark D. McLaughlin: No. There are some TLDs that we would pursue. We haven’t ever said what those would be for obvious reasons, so we don’t tip our hand. So none of that’s changed in the sense that we know which ones we like and we know which ones we would go after. From a process standpoint, there really have been no changes on that process standpoint that would be that any of that is coming down the pike sooner than June 2011 as far as it actually being done and implemented. 
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan:  Last question that will go to you in terms of the comment they made, I think it was Katherine, the exit rate on the margins was the 39% to 40% for the year, but did you actually make a comment about the operating margin for June?
Brian G. Robins: I did say that second quarter would be 39% to 40%. 
Operator:  We will go next to Rob Owens – Pacific Crest Securities
Rob Owens – Pacific Crest Securities:  Looking at your core naming revenue and the sequential increase, kind of a nit-picky question, but most of my questions have been answered at this point. The sequential increase wasn’t as fast as the total name base. I know there are some other registry services that you have in there. Why aren’t those growing as fast? What’s going on with dot TV and some of the other things? I realize they are modest to revenue, but they don’t seem to be pacing in terms of growth. 
Brian G. Robins:  Hi Rob, this is Brian. The nature of the deferred model, the units, is going to grow… The pickups in the units are going to grow a little bit quicker than the deferred revenue. You saw the increase in deferred revenue that will eventually flow out of revenue. So you don’t see that there was sort of a mismatch this quarter and you will see those come more inline over the next couple of quarters.  As it relates to TV and some of the other CTLDs, those picked up as well within the quarter with the overall market. We were pleased with their progress as well. 
Rob Owens – Pacific Crest Securities :  Okay so more deferred in nature then. Given the increase in long-term deferred, is there any extension in name duration during the quarter? You are still running about five quarters. 
Brian G. Robins: 
 : 
Rob Owens – Pacific Crest Securities :  Great thanks. 
Operator:  We will go next to Steven Ashley – Robert W. Baird & Co.
Steven Ashley – Robert W. Baird & Co:  I actually just hopped on the call late so I apologize about this. I was going to ask about the trust seal. Who are you selling that to? Have your sales reps adjusted for that or anything? Is there any prospect for bringing channel leverage to that business at some point?
Mark D. McLaughlin :  Hi Steve, Mark. On the who do we sell to, the plan is to at least two groups of folks. The first one we are after is a broad-broad market that we’ve never addressed before, which would be sites that do not require SSL certificates. So they are non-transactional sites in nature. There are ten times more sites in that category than folks who would be in the ecommerce SSL total addressable market.  That is where we started and that is where we are right now. We will increase that into our existing SSL base in the July time frame when we take that into our core customer base. From a sales perspective, we are doing two things. The first is we have hired some sales people just to sell this, so that we are going to get trainers. The trainers, we are going to have special people who are specialized in this. We are training right now our existing SSL sales force so that they can sell into the existing SSL base come the July time frame.  Also in the May and June time frame, we will be rolling this out. For the first time it is not going to our channel yet, but we are taking this to our channel partners as well. So you will see us over the course of four to six months to have this fully in the market from a sales end and channel perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Walter Pritchard – Citi. 
Walter Pritchard - Citi :  Hi Mark, Brian. I’m wondering if you could just help us understand on the renewal rates side. It looks like you saw an improvement in the quarter and I’m wondering, did you look forward, is there a reason why we shouldn’t get back to the 75% to 76% level on the renewal rate?
Mark D. McLaughlin: It’s hard to say. I think if you look back over the, like I like to do over a ten year period, take out the anomalies of the dot com bust and the PPC , 75% to 76% renewal rate not be historical norm, it’s a bit lower than that. I think we are approaching or at the more historical norm for the business, so it’s going to get higher than it is today. Yes, we’ve seen that before. I think if it’s going there it’s going to continue to do like it’s done in the last few quarters which is an incremental basis of moving up a bit, on a quarter to quarter basis.
Walter Pritchard - Citi :  Within that improvement do you see over the last say two or three quarters, can you give us a little bit more detail [inaudible] renewal rate on brand new names, is that a permanent renewal rate on the people that have renewed more than once or is it a combination?
Mark D. McLaughlin: It’s both, so they’re both getting better which is great.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Maguire – CLSA.
Ed Maguire – CLSA: With the price increase coming on the domain names over the next quarter, have you anticipated any unusual or aggressive programs on the part of registrars to induce renewals ahead of that?
Mark D. McLaughlin: No, so we’ve had a couple of these in the past and we really haven’t seen any concentrated effort to try to get in front of that, if you will, that’s resulted in anything material so I wouldn’t expect it this time.
Ed Maguire – CLSA:  Given the new, the building out here maybe new, focus on the internet defense services, what are your plans there in terms of your expectations and what you’re hoping to drive from that business?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure we look at that obviously as a growth area. It’s small today. We’ve started off with the core of [i] defense, that’s what we’re trying to build this business around and we added organically our [d dots] mitigation service and it’s a small business for us right now, but it’s got a nice sales pipeline behind it. The major news internally around that and the good news is getting [Ben Peecher] on board who is a very established guy particularly in this space and knows how to build businesses from the ground up. We like that business a lot, from a materiality standpoint that’ll be beyond 2010 as far as registering.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Avi Frashear – Attera].
[Avi Frashear – Attera]: Congratulations on the quarter. My first question is on the authentication revenue which was down 2%. Could you repeat what the causes of those were because I didn’t catch that on the call>
Brian G. Robins: That’s primarily in our VeriSign’s Japan’s subsidiary and user authentication.
[Avi Frashear – Attera]: 
AUR :
Brian G. Robins:  Correct, the declining AUR was mix shift related.
[Avi Frashear – Attera]: Second question is, I know you don’t want to comment on buy backs going forward, but perhaps on the ones that already happened, could you explain to investors the rationale of buying marketable securities versus your own stock and perhaps which other marketable securities are offering you a better yield than your own stock?
Brian G. Robins: From the marketable securities perspective, we have historically been in treasuries as very, very low yield and we weren’t getting much return on cash due to the credit crisis and so we went into AA or better. Really into corporate paper and government bonds and we in the first quarter we increased our yield considerably and so for the cash that we have on our balance sheet, we’re just looking at ways to increase the yield, first protecting the capital itself and second, looking for yield and returns.  So it’s just trying to increase interest income on the cash that we have. From a buy-back perspective, you know we bought a lot back in fourth quarter, bought back another $50 million in this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we still have about $650 million as authorized and we continue to look for ways to return value to shareholders through re-purchases or investment in the company.
[Avi Frashear – Attera]: But what I’m trying to understand as an investor, is if you take your current run rate of free cash flow, you’re generating about 8% to 9% on your current market cap and free cash flow for the year. I don’t think you’re getting that in the securities you are buying. You bought $50 million but it’s low relative to the possibility of what you were able. That’s why I am trying to understand, the decision in the first quarter to stick at $50 million versus more and not, obviously, what you’re going to do forward but how have you decided what it was taking to 50?
Brian G. Robins: Unfortunately I can’t comment on future repurchases but we have been fairly aggressive historically in repurchasing stock and we will continue to look at ways to return value to shareholders. 
Operator:  That does conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Nancy Fazioli for any additional closing remarks.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you operator. Please call the investor relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nancy Fazioli – Investor Relations  Mark McLaughlin – President, Chief Executive Officer  Brian Robins – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts: Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc. Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Corporation Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co. 
Operator:  Good day and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Nancy Fazioli:  Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign’s fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I’m Nancy Fazioli, Director of Investor Relations and I’m here today with Mark McLaughlin, President and CEO, and Brian Robins, Executive Vice President and CFO.   Please note that this call and accompanying Slide presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website located at investor.versign.com. Please refer to our website for important information including the Q4 2009 earnings press release and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP information. A replay of this call will be available on our website within a few moments. Today’s Slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today’s press release are un-audited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in details in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign retains its longstanding policy to not comment on financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure.  The financial results in today’s press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Detail of the items excluded from our non-GAAP financial information are located on the VeriSign Investor Relations website.  In a moment, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Mark. Mark?
Mark McLaughlin:  Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon everyone. Let me add my welcome to all of you joining today’s call.  As the results indicate, Q4 2009 capped a solid finish to the year for VeriSign with the year-over-year growth in core revenue of 8%, while non-GAAP net income attributable to VeriSign and subsidiaries grew 23% from 2008 to 2009. Also during the year, we concluded a significant restructuring effort that was initiated in late 2007 and involved the bundling and eventual sale of 14 non-core businesses. We are pleased with the accomplishments and the results for 2009, particularly in light of the challenging economic backdrop during the year. Although the year was not without its challenges, we remained focused on our customers, operations and disciplined investments in growth prospects. For 2010 and beyond, as the economy continues to improve, we believe that we’re in a good position for future growth given our market leading position and our two core businesses of Naming and Authentication Services. We believe both businesses are indispensable to our customers and have made VeriSign’s brand synonymous with trust on the Internet. Also, our infrastructure is unmatched in our industries and provides a significant and unique competitive advantage for the future.  I appreciate the hard work from our dedicated team over the last year and would like to thank them for their efforts and achievements.  In terms of the business unit results for the quarter, I’ll start with Naming. Naming had a strong quarter. The base of registered names in dot com and dot net totaled 96.7 million names at the end of the quarter. This is an increase of 1.8 million net names added to the domain name base quarter over quarter compared to 1 million in the same quarter last year or a 7% in net names year-over-year. We ended the quarter with registered domain names ahead of our forecast as we saw strengthening in renewal rates and good international growth. During the fourth quarter we processed 7.3 million new names. This is a 4% increase quarter over quarter and up from 6.3 million new names in Q4 2008. The Q3 renewal rate was approximately 70.5%, an improvement over Q2 which had rounded up to 70%. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for Q4 2009 will be closer to 71%. As a reminder, in mid-December we announced that effective July 1, 2010 registry fees for dot com, dot net names will increase 7% and 10% respectively to $7.34 for dot com and $4.65 for dot net per year. As we look forward, given the data we have at this point in the quarter we would expect the Q1 net names added to the domain name base to be between 1.8 and 2.1 million names. To close out the Naming discussion, we have no updates from our analyst day in November regarding the status of the case filed against VeriSign by the Coalition for I Can Transparency or CFIT. The petition for re-hearing is still pending and there is no prescribed timeframe for the court to respond. Now, moving on to Authentication Services, in Business Authentication we saw the installed base of SSL certificates increase to 1.22 million certificates in the fourth quarter compared to approximately 1.2 million last quarter and approximately 1.12 million certificates in Q4 2008. This represents a 9% year-over-year growth in the base. The annualized average unit revenue or AUR for the installed base of VeriSign, Geo Trust and thought branded certificates for the fourth quarter was $228 which compares to $234 for the prior quarter. As I noted at our analyst day in November, we believe that the AUR is impacted by two factors, the mix in the base as lower end brands grow at a faster pace than the VeriSign brand and increased discounting in the recent economic slowdown. As the economy is improved, we have focused some efforts on reducing discounting and have made progress on that front in the fourth quarter. Also we saw strong bookings in the fourth quarter as enterprises began to show confidence in a market recovery. We appreciated being [met] at you at our analyst day in November. At that event we discussed the opportunities we see in our core businesses, given the increasing need for tracking the Internet. I look forward to reporting on those initiatives as we progress through 2010. Our March launch of Trust Services at the RSA Conference is still on target. I’ll now turn the call over to Brian for a review of our financial results for the fourth quarter and 2009. Brian?
Brian Robins:  Thanks, Mark, and thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before discussing our results for the fourth quarter, I’d like to highlight some of our accomplishments in 2009. For the year, core revenue was $1.026 billion compared to $948 million in 2008, up 8% year to year. Naming Services revenue was up 12% and Authentication Services revenue was up 3% from 2008 to 2009. Non-GAAP core operating margin for the full year rose 420 basis points to 37.7% versus 33.5% in 2008. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.28, which compares to $1 in 2008, a 28% year-over-year increase. Cash flow from operations was approximately $395 million for 2009. In 2009, free cash flow or operating cash flow adjusted to include excess tax benefit less net capital expenditures was $304 million. As Mark mentioned, we concluded our divestitures of all non-core businesses, generating total proceeds in excess of $765 million. We reduced headcount by 30%, approximately 1,000 positions. We utilized approximately $250 million in cash to repurchase 11.4 million shares of common stock in 2009. Let’s turn now to the fourth quarter. Revenue for our core businesses was $262 million, up 2% sequentially and up 5% year-over-year. Growth was largely driven by continued strength in Naming Services with revenue of $159 million, up 9% year-over-year. Authentication Services revenue of $103 million was up 1% over the same quarter in 2008. In Q4 there was no material impact to revenue from currency exchange rates. For the full year we experienced currency exchange headwind of approximately $4 million, primarily related to the yen. Our non-GAAP core operating margin was 36.8% in the fourth quarter, a 180 basis point reduction from the prior quarter. The Q4 non-GAAP operating margin was lower due to an out of period, $4 million non-tax depreciations adjustment in G&A, correcting for certain assets held at VeriSign Japan that were depreciated over a period longer than their useful lives. Normalizing for this G&A increase, non-GAAP core operating margin would have been 38.3%, in line with our original expectations for the quarter. In non-GAAP other income and expense, we incurred a loss of approximately $9.5 million in Q4 for our core operations. This loss was greater than expected due primarily to a mark-to-market of the contingent interest on the convertible debt that resulted in a loss of $1.3 million in Q4 as opposed to a gain as we saw in prior quarters in 2009. Transition Services revenue was $1.9 million in the fourth quarter compared to $1.2 million in the third quarter. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $59 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.31 compared to $0.33 in Q3. In Q4 we completed share repurchases of approximately $208 million, equating to 9 million shares. Approximately 6 million of the shares repurchased during the fourth quarter will come out of the share count in Q1 due to the treasury stock method of accounting. As of December 31, 2009, we had existing authorization for approximately $700 million for additional share repurchases. Moving on to cash flow and balance sheet items, operating cash flow was approximately $173 million in Q4 and was $395 million year-to-date. Consolidated capital expenditures were $51 million in the quarter and $117 million for the full year. Of the $51 million, $26 million was related to the purchase of a critical data center facility. Approximately 92% represents capital expenditures for core services in the quarter. We ended the quarter was a strong balance sheet with ending cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of $1.5 billion, up $45 million from the prior quarter after share repurchases of $208 million and the purchase of the new facility as I noted previously. In addition to divestiture proceeds of approximately $185 million, during the quarter we received distributions of approximately $12 million from the reserve funds. There remains $21 million of these funds as currently classified in other current assets. Net consolidated DSO for the fourth quarter was 21 days, down 8 days from last quarter, due primarily to the completion of the divestitures.  Deferred revenue from continuing operations ended the quarter at $888 million, up $7 million from Q3.  Moving on to headcount, we ended the quarter with approximately 2,300 employees, down approximately 350 from last quarter as a result of the divestitures. There will be an additional reduction of approximately 200 employees with the wind down of CPS business and the completion of Transition Services. Factoring in possible new hires during the year, we expect to end 2010 with approximately 2,150 employees. With regard to guidance, as we indicated at analyst day in November, we anticipate that core revenue growth for 2010 will be in the range of 4% to 7% year-over-year. We also indicated that we anticipate continuing modestly expanding non-GAAP operating margin, expecting that we will exit Q4 2010 in a range of 39% to 39.5%. Non-GAAP other income loss is expected to be a loss of $32 million for 2010. Our guidance is based on continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our Naming and Authentication Services business, in addition to financial projections for interest income and expense.  In summary, we are pleased with our 2009 financial results and business accomplishments. We had solid performance, strong execution on strategic initiatives, and increased efficiency across the company. That being said, the divestiture process has been complex from an accounting and tax perspective and we are happy to have that largely behind us. As we enter 2010, we believe that our strong financial position will enable us to win back some top line growth, expand our operating leverage while seeking opportunities to deliver increased shareholder value.  With that, I’d like to now open the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company: Brian, I have a question on the guidance. You gave that guidance before you announced the price increase and it goes into effect in July. Why isn’t there sort of more of a positive [talent] on revenue? Why are you sticking with the 4 to 7%?
Brian Robins: Yes, when we talked about this at analyst day, Katherine, we said whether we did a price increase or not that the amount of revenue that we would receive in 2010 wouldn’t impact the overall guidance and so with or without the price increase we’d be 4 to 7%. The amount of the revenue that we would receive from the price increase in 2010 is around $5 million.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company:  So is the impact more 2011, would you say?
Brian Robins: Correct. It takes effect in July and then what the deferred revenue models every name that’s renewed after July or new names added that we would get the revenue.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company:  And I believe you said you could grow double digits in 2011. Is that still the case?
Brian Robins: That’s our objective.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company:  Can you just give us an update, you said you made some progress on the AUR by selling bundles. Can you just give us some color?
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, what we’re saying there is that on the AUR you know we knew we had the two factors in that of the mix of the brands as well as the discounting. So in the fourth quarter given that the economy was improving we were able to spend some time on getting reduced discounting from a sales perspective, and we were successful at that. So we know we were doing less discounting in the fourth quarter. Impact on that given the model would be seen in out quarters, but we had a very, very strong bookings quarter and less discounting going on in the quarter, so that’s positive for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities: I have a question on deferred revenue. If I look at short term deferred revenue, it actually declined sequentially from Q3 and I’m just having trouble understanding with the recovery you’re seeing on DNS units and the stability in the SSL business, why deferred revenue would be down sequentially. And as part of this, are you guys discounting in DNS names? Is there any kind of marketing programs going on that would account for that?
Brian Robins: Once again with the divested businesses and the core businesses, the balance sheet still has a little bit of apples and oranges. And so deferred revenue for the quarter for the core businesses was approximately $10 million, $6 million in the DNS and $4 million in SSL. Then we had a decline of $1 million in DSJ. Because we wound down our prepaid business, we had a decline of about $2.5 million of the prepaid deferred revenue which resulted in a $7 million net increase, Q3 over Q4. But if you take out the prepay at $2.3, it was a little bit over $9 million for the quarter. That would explain the reduction in short term deferred revenue.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Securities:  If I look at the impact we’re seeing in terms of recovery in DNS units and typical seasonality in Q4, it’s typically been greater than that. I guess two questions. Are we done with kind of the balance sheet noise or should we expect that to continue going forward? And are there any special marketing programs that you guys have been doing on the DNS side in Q4?
Brian Robins: On the Q4 deferred revenue increase from Q3, it was actually we had a very strong Q4 or more than we anticipated. And Q3 ’08 to Q4 ’08 we increased deferred revenue to $3 million and we increased it $6 million this year. And so we doubled the deferred revenue growth, ’03 to ’04, ’08 versus ’09.
Mark McLaughlin: On your question on the promotional programs, we continued to run promotional programs that we had in the business for a long time but nothing out of the ordinary, so there’s nothing special going on there from a promotional program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.: I guess maybe my question to start with is on the absence of first quarter guidance.
Brian Robins: You know as we go into 2010, you know we’ve given guidance for the fiscal year, 4 to 7% on revenue and said that we would incrementally increase our operating margin. We have given Domain Name guidance. The only thing that we haven’t given is the revenue range, to the extent that if we’re off from a revenue growth perspective we would update you on that. But based on the overall economy and some of the uncertainties out there, we aren’t going to be giving quarter-to-quarter revenue guidance. 
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.:  Can you maybe talk about the ASP on the new business that was added in the fourth quarter, just how that might have compared to the AUR on certs that were added in the third quarter? 
Mark McLaughlin: I’ll talk in terms of ASP to answer that question because it’s one quarter there instead of an annualized number. So from an ASP standpoint we’ve seen the same kind of behavior on ASP that we’ve had in the past except that we were doing like less discounting at the high end. So we had some improvement from an ASP perspective in that regard on the high end.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.:  And in terms of share count for full year 2010, is there any kind of high level guidance, Brian, you might be able to give us?
Brian Robins: You know on the buy back I really can’t because we have $700 million authorized and we can’t comment on future repurchases, so sort of same comment on analyst days, we’ll look to return value to the shareholders. We purchased a little over $200 million in fourth quarter. Due to the treasury stock accounting method we only removed 3 million shares out. There will be an additional $6 million to come out in the first quarter and then we also said that we will continue to buy back the [crete] and I can’t really expand farther than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse:  Just two questions here, first on the operating expense side. You guys have reiterated your margin guidance exit the year at 39 to 35, but how should we think about sort of the progression of OpEx over the course of the year? You’ve mentioned areas for cost reduction but also headcount additions. How do we see those two baking out? And then also just one housekeeping item, the interest on the other income line, what are your expectations for 2010?
Brian Robins: On the interest income line, other income, you know at analyst day we said that’d be $32 million and it’s roughly about the same quarter-to-quarter so expect it to be a loss of about $8 million per quarter. We will have some choppiness related to our embedded in derivative on the convert and you saw that between third and fourth quarter. Net net last year in 2009 we had a $500,000 gain on the derivative and so that will be one thing that we’ll call out for you that will potentially change $32 million quarter-to-quarter but for the year $32 million is a good number to use. And on the operating expense line, you know we continue to look at areas to take expenses out of the business to become more efficient. And as we do that, we’ll invest some back into the growth opportunities like Trust Services that we talked about at the analyst day. And we’ll look to incrementally increase that quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: With revenue near the high end of the range for the quarter, why didn’t we see a little bit more lift on the operating margin, and I guess specifically on sales and marketing? Were there some unique programs in the quarter or is this seasonal? Anything unusual?
Brian Robins: There was actually two things related to sales and marketing. One on our commission side a lot of accelerators were hit in fourth quarter due to the strong bookings that Mark talked about in his prepared remarks. And so there’s about a $1 million increase in commissions related to that. And then also on VeriSign Japan we had about $1 million over normal run rate as well. So the two of those were slightly over $2 million, that was really fourth quarter related, end of year and commissions in it and accelerators and some additional marketing activities that took place in Japan.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities:  Second, do you have the mix of dot com and dot net in the quarter?
Mark McLaughlin: As far as the breakdown of new names?
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Yes.
Mark McLaughlin: Hang on just a second. Com was 84 million and net was 12.7. That’s the zone, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch: In the security business, Mark, just wondering if, it looks like you’ve seen some price stability on the high end of the VeriSign brand, but are we still seeing a mix shift away from VeriSign or GeoTrust [inaudible]? And when do you think the mix shift will stabilize and therefore the lack of [inaudible] in the high end can actually help your AUR and margins going forward?
Mark McLaughlin: I think what we’re definitely seeing from a mix shift perspective, the low end still grows at a much higher rate than the high end, almost 4x higher than the high end. And I think we’re going to continue to see the low end grow at a higher rate, whether it’s 4x or not, at a higher rate than the high end of this. So I think we’ll have continued mix shift dynamics there that would impact the AUR for quite some time. So obviously if you were able to improve ASPs at the high end, that will help but my expectation is that the AUR as I said will continue to decline for some time.
Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch:  Mark, any evidence at all and maybe hopefully this is not the case that there’s a trade down from the VeriSign addition to the lower end additions at all? Or do you allow that to happen with customers?
Mark McLaughlin: No. Well, there’s two things I can tell you in that that would lead me to believe that’s not happening, Kash. The first is that the renewal rates at the high end for VeriSign brand are very, very high, so we don’t lose customers up there and implied in that I think is that they’re not trading down on a grant. So I don’t see that happening. The second thing in the fourth quarter like I said we had a pretty strong quarter from a bookings perspective and that was particularly at the high end.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: First on the Naming business you talked about the pick up that you’re seeing and the name growth and particularly you’re seeing the new names pick up. You mentioned international, but is there any other kind of sources that you could point to whether it be advertising, new business creation, what the drivers to some of that new name growth is?
Mark McLaughlin: Well, we track to macro trends as we mentioned before, online advertising and e-commerce. Both of those have appeared to pick up nicely in the fourth quarter so I always listen into Google, Yahoo, those guys calls from an online advertising standpoint. And you know both of those companies are reporting strong growth in the fourth quarter and smooth sailing ahead on that. Also some of the metrics that we look at as far as tracking those things have revised their scenarios to increase the expectations as far as what online advertising and e-commerce will grow at for rates in 2010. So that’s a positive for us as well. Like I said we always tend to lag a couple of quarters, either up or down on that, depending on what happens. But those are good indications for our business.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan:  On the SSL business we all kind of watch this AUR from quarter-to-quarter so closely, maybe taking it a step up, as you think about the 4 to 7% growth in core revenue in 2010, how should we think about that growth being split out between the Naming business and the SSL business?
Mark McLaughlin: I think you primarily would see a lot of growth coming out of the Naming side. We have the price increase that won’t really take impact until end of the year in 2011, so there’s the price aspect, there’s the Naming growth. And then you have the Authentication business. Right now from an Authentication standpoint, that’s growing the low single digits. So you keep that in mind. We’re doing some work to increase that growth rate including launch our new Trust Services here at RSA. But I would say you’re going to see more of that growth coming out of the Naming side for a good portion of this year, not the Authentication side until we ramp that up.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan:  Last question would be on the margin side, Brian, you know talk about the modest sequential improvement in operating margins through 2010, should we base that off of the 36.8% reported or backing out the VeriSign Japan impact and really work off of the 38.3?
Brian Robins: Great question, Sterling, and thanks for asking it. Work off the 38.3. The VeriSign Japan was an out of period adjustment that will not occur in first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Corporation.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Corporation: I guess on the Domain name side, first of all, you’ve had a nice Q4, you talk about good color for advertising, online advertising, etc. Yet the Q1 guidance for Names is about flat I think with year-over-year comp. Wonder if you could comment on why you’re sort of guiding flat year-over-year.
Mark McLaughlin: That’s a great question, Craig. We did see strong fourth quarter obviously and we would expect the new names being registered to be strong in the first quarter because we always have great seasonality in the first quarter. The reason we’re a little bit hesitant to go any further than that is in the first quarter we have a much larger number of expiring names in the first quarter than over the fourth quarter, almost 2 million more names. So even though the renewal rates are increasing nicely and even though we would expect a good pick up in new names registered, just given the fact that the expired name basis that much bigger in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter, you kind of start at a deficit if you will when you apply the renewal rate to that. Does that make sense?
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Corporation: I guess so.
Mark McLaughlin: Let me be more specific then because with almost 2 million more names in the first quarter expiring, if you apply the renewal rate to that, that’s close to like 700,000 names that you have to get over before you’re adding, if you think of it on a quarter over quarter basis.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Corporation:  On the international side, can you comment whether dot cn closing to individuals provides any sort of incremental spur to your activity over there?
Mark McLaughlin: It’s possible, Craig. I mean for the benefit of everybody else, in China dot cn is under review by the Chinese government for some of their registration policies and registrars registering dot cn have to go through an increased level of validation before they can register a name. So there’s speculation given that names that might previously have been renewed or registered in dot cn might move to a different [TLC] and obviously if that was the case, one of the things it might accomplish is dot com. So if that’s all true and plays out that way we could expect we might see an increase in registrations coming out of China, but its early days.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Corporation:  On just sort of not providing guidance for Q1, the comment was there’s economic uncertainty. Is there something new on the landscape that sort of point’s uncertainty for you? Because there was uncertainty through ’09 but maybe you’ve sort of had it with that and you don’t want to any longer guide, but I just wonder if there’s something incrementally new that’s causing you to not guide for the quarter.
Brian Robins: You know, Craig, there really isn’t. You know our business models, the deferred revenue model, we have high visibility into what the revenue is and there’s really not, the only thing that we aren’t giving that we’ve given previously is revenue and there’s really not much difference. Your model for revenue in first quarter is going to be very close to what the number will be.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis Corporation:  Do you have any Trust Services revenue baked into your 2010 guidance?
Brian Robins: We have some but it’s less than $5 million.
Operator: Your last question comes from Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co.: You know $4 million in headwind in terms of currency from the yen, as we start thinking about the first quarter, are you guys hedging against the yen?
Brian Robins: Yes, we’re 100% hedged on the balance sheet but we don’t hedge on the P&L because we don’t want to take FX exposure if the revenue is not attained.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co.:  And as you start thinking about your cash flow for 2010, what’s kind of going to be the estimate for cash flow from operations for the year?
Mark McLaughlin: So, Shaul thanks for bringing that up. Good question. We talked about it at analyst day. Once you add back excess tax benefit, the operating cash flow will be approximately $450 million.
Operator: That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I’ll turn the call back to Ms. Fazioli for any closing remarks.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you very much. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call which will reflect our first quarter 2010 results will be held on Thursday, April 29, at 2:00 PM Pacific Time. I should also mention that RSA is coming out the week of March 1 through March 5. We’ll be conducting a meeting for analysts and institutional investors on Wednesday, March 3. An invitation will go out shortly. That will be webcast and details will be available on the Investor Relations website. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-06 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Nancy Fazioli - Investor Relations D. James Bidzos - Interim Executive Chairman of the Board, Interim Chief Executive Officer  Mark D. McLaughlin - President, Chief Operating Officer Brian G. Robins - Acting Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance 
Analysts: Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Katherine Egbert - Jefferies Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company Craig Nankervis - First Analysis 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to VeriSign's Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Miss Nancy Fazioli. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Nancy Fazioli in investor relations and I’m here today with our Executives Jim Bidzos, Mark McLaughlin, and Brian Robins. Please note that this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from our investor relations website located at investor.verisign.com. Please refer to our website for important information including the Q2 2009 earnings press release and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP information. A replay of this call will be available on our website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call.  Financial results in today's press release are unaudited, and the matters we will be discussing today include forward looking statements, and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward looking statements. Additionally, financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and a description of items excluded from our non-GAAP financial information are located on the VeriSign investor relations website.  In a moment, Jim, Mark, and Brian, will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that I would like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, Nancy, and good afternoon to everyone joining us today. I'm pleased to report that VeriSign met or exceeded the goals that we laid out for you last quarter. Second revenue in our core businesses was $255 million which represents 9% growth year over year.  Our non-GAAP core operating margin for the quarter was 38.4%. This quarter we again had some favorable events on the revenue and expense side, which Brian will detail for you later. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.31, ahead of our internal plan, which represents 29% year-over-year growth.  On the cash side, our year-to-date operating cash flow is approximately $120 million and we have over $1.3 billion in cash and equivalents on the balance sheet. From a big picture perspective, while there appear to be glimmers of economic improvement, we continue to be concerned about the macroeconomic outlook for the foreseeable future. We have repurchased over $70 million of stock from the fourth quarter until now and believe that a continued, cautious, disciplined approach to capital management is prudent in this environment. Turning to the non-core businesses, we currently have only two of the original 13 businesses, our messaging and our global security consulting businesses remaining for sale. We completed the sale of Managed Security Services or MSS, in July. We're continuing to work hard to see this restructuring process through to completion as expeditiously as possible. We have made significant progress on the strategy that we laid out for you in November, 2007, showing resolve in a challenging market. We remain confident that becoming a more focused company is the right strategy to move us forward. We will continue to protect our core franchises of naming and business authentication or SSL, while prudently investing in growth opportunities that leverage our existing infrastructure. Before I conclude my remarks and pass the call over to Mark, I want to address two items. First, as many of you are aware on June 5th the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed an appeal, the May 2007 US District Court dismissal of a case filed against VeriSign by the Coalition for ICANN Transparency, or CFIT.  In the opinion, the case was remanded to the US District Court for the Northern District of California for further proceedings. On July 2nd, 2009, VeriSign filed in the Ninth Circuit, a petition for rehearing which is pending. Although we understand that the details of this case are of interest to investors, as a public company we're able to say very little about pending litigation. We will continue to defend this case vigorously and we remain confident in our position. Finally it gives me great pleasure to announce two important and very well deserved executive appointments that were made by the board of directors this week. Mark McLaughlin has been appointed Chief Executive Officer effective August 17th. He has also been appointed to the VeriSign Board of Directors. You've heard me say over the last year that I thought it more important to get the right person for the position of CEO than it was to get someone as soon as possible. I wanted to ensure that the next leader of VeriSign would be bringing strong technology skills to all of our core businesses, a strong set of values to unify the company, and firm leadership to take us forward.  Mark has proven himself to be that person and more. Since rejoining the company in January he's demonstrated the kind of leadership needed to help us set a course for the future. With the opportunities and challenges ahead, I am very confident that Mark is the right person to lead the company forward. Also on Tuesday, the board voted to make Brian Robins Chief Financial Officer on a permanent basis. His appointment is effective immediately. As you know, Brian has been acting CFO since April of 2008. We did conduct a search outside the company for a CFO, but during that process it became clear that Brian was not only qualified for the position, but that he had demonstrated the leadership and initiative we were seeking. The last year has been one of solid execution in financial growth for VeriSign and it simply could not have happened without Brian's leadership, drive, and commitment. This will be my last earnings report as VeriSign's CEO, but as I’ve stated over the last year, I will remain very involved as Executive Chairman of VeriSign. I was named permanently to that position this week and in that capacity I'll focus primarily on strategy, technology, innovation, and research. I look forward to continuing to work with the management team as we move the company forward. With that I’ll turn the call over to Mark. Mark?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon. I'm appreciative and excited to have the opportunity to lead the company at this point in our history. I'm confident in our ability to show continued leadership in our core businesses as well as move forward in a disciplined manner. It's a privilege to be part of such a critical function of the Internet infrastructure and to work with such a talented team. I'd like to thank that team for the continued hard work that produced another strong quarter. And turning to the business unit operating results for the quarter I’ll start with naming. In our naming business, the adjusted zone for registered name in .com and .net totalled 93.5 million names at the end of the quarter. This is an increase of 1.1 million net names added to the adjusted zone quarter over quarter and a 7% increase in net names year over year. In the second quarter we processed 7 million new domain name registrations compared with 7.3 million names in Q1, 2009. And looking at renewal rates you may recall that the renewal rate for Q1 rounded up to 71%, which is up from 70% in Q4, 2008. While renewal rates are not fully determinable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate will be between 70%-71% for the second quarter. As we look forward to the third quarter, which traditionally is a low seasonality quarter, we believe that the adjusted zone for the naming base will grow by a net change of 900,000 to 1.2 million names and that the renewal rates will be between 70%-71%. On the infrastructure side of the naming business, our average daily query load during the quarter increased from 38 billion to 49 billion per day. Despite the increased load, this quarter we again maintained our record of 100% uptime which allows us to continue to provide best in breed services for .com and .net We believe this demonstrates operational excellence and is a primary reason that the world looks to us to run this important asset. As the Internet evolves, so does the sophistication of attacks on the network, as several recent well-publicized cyber techs demonstrate. Continued investment in DNS is essential in order for VeriSign to handle this growing complexity associated with continued Internet adoption, geographic expansion, as well the increasing number of directed attacks on our network. As we approach 2010 we are on track to have more than 100 points of presence capable of handling over 4 trillion interactions per day, and we are hard at work planning for future requirements as we aspire to continued operational excellence. Now moving onto authentication services, in business authentication or SSL, we saw the installed base of certificates increase to 1.17 million certificates n the second quarter compared to 1.15 million last quarter and approximately 1.05 million in Q2, 2008. This represents an 11% year-over-year growth in the base. The installed base of extended validation or EV certificates continue to trend at more than doubling during the quarter and we remained the market leader share for EV. The adjusted annualized average unit revenue or AUR for the installed base of VeriSign, GeoTrust, and Thawte branded certificates for the second quarter was $241 which compares to $244 for the last quarter. We continue to see the lower end of the market growing faster on a unit basis in the high end. Given this mix shift, our GeoTrust brand continues to grow faster than our overall portfolio. In addition, at the higher end brand segment of the market we continue to see some of our customers in this economy carefully managing their inventory certificates, as well as requesting discounts and price reductions. These dynamics are likely to continue to lead to similar AUR declines for the foreseeable future. Finally, in our user authentication business or IAS, we have distributed over 2.4 million credentials as part of the zip and one-time password or OTP programs. This includes approximately 35,000 downloads of our mobile OTP application for smart phones that we introduced last quarter.  On the infrastructure side of the authentication business during the first quarter we reported a new milestone of over 1 billion certificate checks a day. This milestone underscores our ability to meet the increasing scalability requirements of Internet commerce as more people transact online with sites secured by VeriSign, than with any other certificate authority. In summary, our business performed well in the first quarter, which is a testament to our team and our business model. I'll now turn the call over to Brian for a review of our financial results. Brian?
Brian G. Robins: Thanks, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before we dig into the core operating results I wanted to provide some commentary on the divestitures. To date we have sold 11 out of 13 bundles raising an excess of $575 million. In the second quarter we sold communication services, international clearing, and our real-time publishing business.  The MSS business closed subsequent to the end of the second quarter. We are in advanced negotiations to sell the two remaining businesses, messaging services as well as global security consulting, which we broke out the enterprise security bundle last quarter.  As we discussed before, we continue to manage these businesses with the divide and focus management approach. I'd like to thank the employees and the divest groups for their focus, passion, and execution, during this transitional time. The divest group's bottom line continues to be ahead of plan. Last quarter we announced we will be holding an analyst day on November 19th in New York City. Invitations will be sent out in September. It will be a half-day of presentations by management that will also be available via webcast. Prior to the event we will post a high-level event on our IR website. We are looking forward to it and hope to see many of you then. Moving now to a more detailed discussion of results for our core business, revenue for our core businesses was $255 million, up 1% sequentially and 9% year over year. Growth was largely driven by continuing strength in our naming services with revenue up 15% year over year.  Our non-GAAP core operating margin was 38.4%. This represents approximately 150 basis points of upside to Q1. The operating expense improvement that we saw this quarter was better than expected and should be categorized in two categories. First, the quicker realization of savings related to cost-savings initiatives that were introduced at the company, and secondly, one-time expense and revenue benefits. Below the operating income line we incurred a loss of approximately $10 million for our core operations. This loss was roughly in line with what we expected due to lower interest income and is consistent with what we expect in future quarters. 1.6 million and a 10 million loss is non-cash related to our convertible debt accounting, APB 14-1 adopted at the beginning of the year. Non-GAAP core net income for the first quarter was $61 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.31. The diluted share count used in EPS calculations was 193 million shares, flat quarter over quarter in light of share repurchases in Q2 of approximately $20 million. Moving onto the cash flow and balance sheet items, operating cash flow was approximately $83 million in Q2 which excludes $68 million of excess tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation, (inaudible) from operating cash flows to financing cash flows, and impacts to operating cash flow related to the divestitures. Consolidated capital expenditures were $20 million in the quarter and $41 million year-to-date. We anticipate capital expenditures to be in the 6%-8% of core revenue range moving forward. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet with ending cash and cash equivalents of $1.3 billion, up approximately $366 million from last quarter.  During the quarter we received divestiture proceeds of approximately $230 million as well as distributions from the reserve fund of approximately $24 million. There remains $32 million from the reserve fund that is currently classified in other current assets. Net consolidated DSO for the fourth quarter was 30 days, down one day from last quarter. Deferred revenue from continuing operations ended the quarter at $878 million, up $6 million or 1% from last quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately 2,800 employees, down 400 from last quarter, primarily stemming from the divestitures.  As previously discussed, we expect headcounts to continue to decline with the sale of non-core businesses stabilizing at approximately 2,000 employees including VeriSign Japan. Moving onto our outlook, for Q3 we expect revenue for the core businesses will be $256-$260 million, or relatively flat to up 2% for the quarter. With regard to fiscal year '09 guidance, given the swings in FX rates and the continued impact to the business from the global economy, we expect our year-to-year revenue growth will be in the 8%-10% range. We expect Q3 non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 37%-39%. To wrap up, we believe we have executed well in the first half of the year and are pleased with our performance as we continue to execute against our divestiture strategy. The second half of the year will bring challenges and opportunities, but we remain intensely focused on meeting our short-term goals as well as further unlocking shareholder values longer term. We would now like to open up the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Today’s' question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator's Instructions) And it looks like we'll take our first question from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Great, thank you. A couple of questions, you mentioned that there were some one-time benefits on both the revenue and expense side, I was just curious what that was? And with effectively a guide-up in revenue, what could drive operating margin down quarter over quarter given that we should expect maybe some divestitures or employee headcounts reduced from here?
Brian G. Robins: Thanks, Rob. There was really two items that happened. In previous calls I talked about the statement of works that we have. We actually completed that early and acceptance was received there’s $1.5 million of revenue that we planned on receiving in the third quarter that we received in the second quarter. Now that's complete so we won't have that on a go-forward basis. In the operating expense line we had a contra-expense item of approximately $1.3 million related to a legal reimbursement, and so if you take the revenue and the expense, you're approximately at 37.5% operating margin and so we'll be at that or above in third quarter.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  Yeah. I want to follow up. Brian, so the difference between the 257 and the 255, was that the statement of works, is what you’re saying, or was that discontinued? Because I just want to kind of get an apples to apples between what our models had before and what the new guidance represents.
Brian G. Robins: Yeah. So the difference between the 257 and the 255 is we have continuing operations which is broken down between core and non-core because we're winding down our prepaid business. There’s roughly about $1.5-$1.6 million of prepay revenue. That gets you down to the 255. Then the 255 was bumped up $1.5 million by what I just alluded to.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. Got it. And then one follow up question, in terms of the naming business, Mark, as you look at it you add 1.1 million names, you got the outlook for September, can you just kind of talk and give us some color in that business? We had all the ad sense changes, the advertising names that have been coming out, how do you feel about the naming business? Has it stabilized, and do you think you'll see that improvement once you get passed the seasonally weak third quarter?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah thanks, Sterling. I feel pretty good about because as you look at the new registrations in the quarter we had 7 million new registrations. In Q1, which is a stronger quarter, we had 7.3, and that was up from 6.3 in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing from a trending standpoint, new registrations had trended down through the whole PPC period to a low of 6.3 in Q4 '08 and then went to 7.3 in Q1 and are now at seven in a weaker seasonal quarter. So I think we've seen some stabilization from a new unit registration standpoint. And then as you look at the renewal rates, on the renewal rate side it's 70%-71% with a bleed-off of the things we discussed that happen in 2008 with the PPC and the ad changes. I think we are seeing that stabilize as well. So Q3 is the seasonally weakest quarter, but it looks like stability there.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: All right, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank:  Hey, guys. Following up on the question on the naming side, historically you have given us some insight traditional versus PPC, any ability to kind of give us what traditional net ads looks like?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Todd. Yeah, so on the traditional versus PPC side — the PPC business as you know is kind of tailed off dramatically over time with all the changes. It still exists and it's in the range of hundreds of thousands things versus the millions for traditional. So there's really not a big difference anymore as far as what people are using the names for so there's pretty much the same thing at this point.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So if I look at the first quarter where traditional, I think, was 2.1 million, given the net number here of 1.1, is it fair to say that the traditional business is decelerating and how much of that is seasonal versus a macro issue and how should we think about that going forward?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes. I think last time on the traditional side we had 2.1 in Q1 '09 and then just looking on on-line ad names in the hundred of thousands range. So the traditional base has slowed down some, I think as a result of the macro economy, and then on a quarter-over-quarter basis we had a few things that we didn't have this quarter.  We had the run-up from PPC in Q1 as people were trying to get in front of the last change to the system in there. We had some seasonality in there and there was also promotional programs that people, including us, tail off in the second and third quarter just because it's the low seasonal quarters and it doesn't make a lot of sense to spend the promotional money on that.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Any sense for whether or not we should be thinking about Q3 as kind of the low watermark here, or do you think there is potentially further weakness from a macro perspective?
Mark D. McLaughlin: I think that the third quarter historically is the seasonally weakest quarter so I have no reason to believe that that wouldn’t change in that case, but other then that I don't see any reason to believe that we haven't stabilized on a unit basis.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies:  Hi, good afternoon. You have a contractual right to take another price increase on both .com and .net, can you tell us whether or not you plan to do that?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. As was mentioned before on the price increases, we look at those very, very carefully and really two things we continue to watch on that is the economy and the ecosystem. The economy looks like it's maybe stabilizing a little bit, but our channels don’t feel wildly optimistic about it yet with our discussions with them. And on the ecosystem side, as I mentioned before, it's important for us that we know the folks that are important in the ecosystem and that they know what we do — they appreciate that and that way they know that we provide great value for our services. So we continue to do that. No new news on this other than we continue to look hard at looking at all these factors.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Mark, but there's a deadline on the next price increase of next July, so you'd have to notify by the end of this year, right?
Mark D. McLaughlin: The notice period is six months before doing any price increase, so if what you mean is when is the last time that you could put a notice in for a price increase before you threw one away, then that would be next July.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Right. Okay, and then just quickly on the CFIT litigation, do you plan to continue the process, and how much are you spending on legal fees per quarter now?
Mark D. McLaughlin: So we have to be very careful about what we can say here so really all we can talk about is the procedural aspects so we have filed a motion for a rehearing which we're waiting on. We are very confident in our case and would seriously consider exhausting all procedural avenues that we have in the case. So other then that I really can't say anything. From a legal standpoint I'll ask Brian to comment on that.
Brian G. Robins: And on the expense side side, nothing material is included in the guidance that we gave you of 37%-39% for next quarter.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. Congratulations on your promotions.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse:  Hi, guys. Just wanted to focus on operating expenses going forward. I think you all talked about sort of reinvesting in the company, potentially looking at adjacencies. The past few quarters have really showed some strong operating margin upside and guiding 37-39 for Q3, how should we just think about just the margin structure this company longer term in three to five years, but also over the next 12-18 months as you get the efficiencies from the divestitures, but also invest in new segments?
Brian G. Robins: Hey, Phil. This is Brian. I'll take part of it and then I'll turn it over to Mark and let him take the second part. So we haven't given long-term guidance. I'll let Mark go through sort of long-term from a company perspective and philosophy perspective. But from a short-term side we've talked about we're doing a number of things around the company on trying to be more efficient and increase margins and leverage the access that we currently have and so on the divestitures we’re able to take out a lot of expense through the divide and focus management that we did to be able to achieve what we've achieved, accent the divestitures, get them done. Now that the divestitures are being done, we're taking a sharp focus on our shared-services organizations as well as some inefficiencies that we have in our facilities and data centers and looking at consolidating those.  When we've given out our guidance previously I’m saying that we'll be incrementally up quarter over quarter, that's been baked into those numbers. So we haven't give a fourth quarter guidance or margin, but we said each quarter would be incrementally better than the prior quarter, and we have a number of programs internally where we're looking at leveraging the business and taking costs out.
Mark D. McLaughlin: The current range on the margins we've been operating at allows us to invest to where we need to. In addition — as well as including what we need to do to help develop the long-term focus, so as far as the development efforts we're doing around that and getting back to some product parity in some of the places we’ve under invested.  So we believe that in the range we're talking about today with continued improvements where we can make them, we've got what we need in order to figure out the longer term. On a longer-term basis, also no reason for us to believe at this point that it would be substantially different then what we're delivering today, even with investment in future services.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch:  Hi, thank you very much. I was just wondering if the CFIT litigation is causing any — well, I’m not asking you to cause on that particular issue itself, but is it causing any disruption in the end market in how prospects are looking at signing up with VeriSign, or for that matter, your partners, or is it not causing any disruption at all from where you see your business? That's it for me.
D. James Bidzos: From everything we've seen at this point there is no impact on our end business whatsoever from the litigation.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird:  I have a question about cash flow. It looks like you've now reclassified some of the excess benefit you were getting from stock-based comp. I'm assuming that's permanent going forward, so what kind of cash flow from operations might we expect to generate on a quarterly basis going forward?
Brian G. Robins: Good question on cash flow. As you know we don't break out our balance sheet between continuing and discontinued operations so the cash that's represented in our cash flow statement is operations from all of our businesses. Now, FASI requires us to put the tax benefits from stock option exercises and stock option related NOLs to be classified as financing activity as opposed to operating activities. So as we sold three divestitures this quarter there was a number of things that took place that actually impacted operating cash flow. In operating cash flow it's a use and then in financing it's a source. And so if you take the $83 million and then on a tax affected basis utilize our NOLs, you add approximately $45 million as our tax from operations this quarter with the utilization of NOLs at about $128 million. On a go-forward basis we've talked about cash from the business will be approximately $350 million.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: And just a lot of moving pieces and kind of fluid in terms of headcount given the divestitures that are occurring, but are you also hiring at this point and can you just talk about your hiring activity and if you are, where within the organization?
Brian G. Robins: Yeah, good question. I mean every quarter we report net decreases in headcount, but as we look to invest in new areas and look to explore these new areas, we have a number of (inaudible) open that we continue to hire agents where they're very specialized people to fill gaps in the organization, but the net decreases is more exiting than coming on. So you'll see a net decrease quarter to quarter.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs:  Great. Thanks for taking my questions, two for you. The first of them asks the self-cert. side on the pricing side. When do you think we can reach effectively a low watermark there as macro versus competition start to balance out, and maybe more importantly EV certificates can become a big enough piece of the base to actually make a difference? And then I have a quick followup.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Sarah. So on the AUR side as far as the price declines, I think we're going to continue to see these price declines for the foreseeable future for a number of reasons like I said. The first one is we do see the lower brands growing at a higher rate so there is a unit mix going on there, and I think that's the primary driver. And then we are seeing some negative impacts to the economy as well, and I don't see any reason that those two things are going to change anytime soon so I can't call a bottom on that. I wouldn't want to try to call a bottom on it right now, but we're not seeing really, really steep declines around the AUR. And on the EV side, we’re happy every quarter to report that we've doubled every quarter on the EV side. It's still a smaller base than we would have liked or anybody would have liked at this point so we have a very robust migration marketing campaign in place for people to go from SGCF to EV and we see good adoption on that, but I think it's still going to be some time before that becomes a majority of the base of our certificates.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. That's great color. And then just a followup which is a bigger picture question. The CFIT lawsuit, I think the bigger issues for investors is it just raises somewhat of a sensitivity around the .com renewal. Do you have any ability or would you even consider bringing that renewal forward to kind of get the overhand gone and past you, or are you just waiting until 2012 and let the contract renew as it’s currently set?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. The renewal is in 2012, Sarah, and we really can't comment beyond that.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Okay, fair enough. I echo Katherine's thoughts, congrats to both you and Brian as well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Thank you very much.
Brian G. Robins: Thank you, Sarah.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) And we'll take our next question from Kerry Rice with Wedbush.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan:  Thank you. A couple questions on the SSL business. Can you talk a little bit about seasonality there? Is Q3 also the seasonally weakest quarter there, and I guess if the economy stabilizes and improves, would you expect to see a pickup in SSL certs? And then the second question is can you talk a little bit about the iDefense and what the revenue was there and what trends you see going on there?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, sure. So on the SSL side, Kerry, we do see a similar kind of seasonality we see in the DNS business on the SSL side of the business and I would definitely expect the SSL business to pick up if the economy picked up. As I've mentioned before, the economy is tied to a number of things obviously that are much better correlated to our business like ecommerce and Internet advertising. So I think if those things pick up with a better economy we would see that business do better than it is right now from a sales standpoint. And on the iDefense question, we said that iDefense was doing around $10 million for the year in revenue and that's the case. We're on track to do that.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Cowen and Company.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company:  Hi. Just one question on the certificate side, one question on both — I guess, Mark, if we were able to see AUR by segment, not overall but by say by VeriSign brand, Thawte brand, GeoTrust brand — is the AUR stable within each segment or are you seeing pressure within those independent mix?
Mark D. McLaughlin: On the mix side from the brand standpoint — back to the units, the lower grow units grow faster than the higher-end units so you'd see from an AUR standpoint, less impact there and more impact to the higher brand. But as a general matter, Walter, the total AUR is fairly similar across the brands as far as the increases and decreases. Not one thing is moving the number, if that is what your question is.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company: So it's not necessarily just mix that's pressuring the AUR, it's also pressure within each individual segment?
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. There's different kinds of pressures in the segment, but yeah I think there's definitely a market impact and then there's the next impact.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company: Okay. And then just second question on both businesses, are you seeing any significant difference in term length versus a year ago, say people buying more one-year certificates or people buying shorter name?
Mark D. McLaughlin: We're not seeing that. On the average term life we're not really seeing any significant difference on the domain name side of the business, and on the SSL side of the business we see a little bit of a decline around that. We do see pressure about people buying less more frequently than they were before, but nothing really noticeable in the ATLs.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company: Got it. And then, Brian, on the operating expense line it looks like there might have been a little bit of reclassification going on between things like sales and marketing, cost of revenue, and G&A, are we correct there, and if so, what's going on?
Brian G. Robins: Yeah. This quarter we did move some G&A — some international facilities cost to where the people were by cost site. There was actually a larger decrease in G&A relative to the spend initial savings that we have, the savings programs. And then in sales and marketing this quarter we actually did a lot of planned lead gen loyalty product and branding and so you'll see sales and marketing get back down next quarter.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, and both of you congratulations as well on the appointments.
Brian G. Robins: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Craig Nakervis with First Analysis.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis: Yes, thanks very much. On the registry side, can you talk about overseas strength? Are you seeing anything sustainable like you saw in Q1? I think China did particularly well, maybe start there.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, sure. We've mentioned prior the base of names on the international side depending on how you cut it from where the registrar versus the registrant is, is anywhere from 35%-40% of the base. So it's a smaller portion of the base than the domestic, but we do see that grow at a faster rate than the domestic and that continues to be the case and that growth continues to come from the BRIC countries as well as some increases we're seeing in (inaudible).
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis: And how about on the SSL side, incremental color on the buying environment? I know in Q1 you talked about a tough environment, and it sounded like you were saying similar things. Well, was there any incremental change from your perspective and how it looks in the end market?
Mark D. McLaughlin: No. We're seeing the same macroeconomic impacts on the flow down of the market, but nothing different quarter over quarter.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis: Okay. And then lastly, Brian, are you willing to approximate the revenue breakout from the different line items this time around or not?
Brian G. Robins: It's roughly about 60% naming and 40% authentication.
Craig Nankervis - First Analysis: Thanks very much.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: And well take a followup question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  Yeah. Just one followup, I don't know if you touched upon it and if you did I missed it and I apologize, but deferred revenue I think was up 1% sequentially, can you just go into what might be impacting that either positively or negatively and could part of it be the SSL term-length shortening?
Brian G. Robins: Good question, Sterling. We had a number of factors impacting deferred revenue this quarter. On the positive side the increase in naming due to the 1.1 million net ads had an increase. Within authentication or user authentication, we recognized revenue based on a cash basis and we received a large sum due collection efforts from the affiliates, and also the renewal contracts that we're signing are 12 months in length as opposed to 18 months in length. Both of those attributed to about a $3 million decrease. And then as discussed on prior calls, the SSL purchase pattern changes from annually to quarterly, and the overall impact in the macro economy, there is a decline quarter over quarter in the SSL of about $2 million. So net-net you had the inquiry related to the naming and a slight decrease in SSL on purchase pattern buying as well as some of the seasonality from first quarter, second quarter.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: All right, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And seeing as how there are no further questions I'd like to turn the call back over to Miss Fazioli for any closing comments.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our third quarter 2009 results, will be held on Thursday, November 5th, at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. I would like to remind you that in light of regulation FD, VeriSign plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. Please call the investor relations department with any followup questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: And once again that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Bidzos - Executive Chairman and Interim CEO Mark McLaughlin - President and COO Brian Robins - Acting CFO Nancy Fazioli - Investor Relations
Analysts: Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company Katherine Egbert - Jefferies Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the VeriSign Incorporated first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I am Nancy Fazioli of Investor Relations. I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and Interim CEO of VeriSign; along with President and Chief Operating Officer, Mark McLaughlin; and Brian Robins, our acting Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call and accompanying slide presentation are being webcast from our Investor Relations website, located at investor.verisign.com. Please refer to our website for important information including the Q1 2009 earnings press release and the reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP information. A replay of this call will be available on our website within a few hours. Today's slide presentation will also be available for download after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we will discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In conformity with the adoption of FAS 160, net income, now includes income attributable to non-controlling interest. References made to net income or loss attributable to VeriSign Inc and subsidiaries whenever we use the term net income or loss, this also applies to earnings per share. Additionally financial results in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and description of items excluded from our non-GAAP financial information are on the Investor Relations website. In a moment Jim, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks and after which we will open up the call for your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
Jim Bidzos: Thanks Nancy and good afternoon to everyone joining us today. I'm pleased to report that VeriSign delivered a very solid quarter on the top and bottom-line. This is particularly gratifying given the ongoing macroeconomic environment and these positive results are a testament of the continued focus of our employees, including those in businesses targeted for divestiture. VeriSign holds the unique and central position in the internet ecosystem and we believe our business model has enabled our global team drive strong results. Our Q1 results demonstrate that we delivered on the goals we laid out. In the first quarter we delivered revenue in core businesses of $252 million. We also saw improvements in our non-GAAP core operating margins. Non-GAAP earning per share was $0.32, $0.01 of EPS attributable to a one-time benefit to other income spending from an acquisition termination fee. Excluding this one-time event we saw 48% EPS growth year-over-year, very strong results. On the P&L there were some unexpected events that occurred in Q1 that contributed to the quarter being slightly better than we planned including some favorable events on the expense side that Brian will highlight further for you. Our balance sheet continues to be a growing area of strength for the company. VeriSign's cash position remains strong as we ended the quarter with nearly $950 million of cash. As a -*parenthetical comment today our cash position is 1.291. On the divestiture front, we are pleased to note that TNS acquisition of our Communications business closed May 1 and that RTP, a Real-Time Publisher Services closed on May 5. In addition, VeriSign has entered into an exclusive letter of intent to sell MSS, subject to an agreement on final terms and conditions. The MSS business represents 65% of Q1 2009 revenues of the Enterprise Security Services or ESS bundle. In the first quarter we unbundled ESS into MSS global security consulting, iDefense, which as Mark will discuss later, we have decided to retain as part of our naming. When we first implemented our divestiture plans to-date, we have sold 10 businesses of the 13 that we're currently holding for sale. Collectively the net proceeds from these sales, including the sale of remaining interest of the Jamba joint venture was approximately $540 million. I would like to reaffirm that the Board and our executive leadership team is committed to completing the divestitures of our non-core businesses and continued to protect our core franchises of SSL investing in our core identity and authentication businesses as we firmly believe that this is a strategy that will best enable us to create shareholder value in the long-term. I'll note that comments and feedback from customers and partners globally indicate that our leadership in solutions are needed now more than ever. We believe that the need for our services remains strong despite macro challenges to the economy that may have dampened over. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark who will go into our business results a bit more for you. Brian, will then provide detailed review of the financials and I'll conclude with brief outlook. Mark.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon. I would like to echo Jim's thanks to the employees across the company for the performance this quarter. We have a great team committed to winning and it's a pleasure to be back with this team. As Jim mentioned, we had a solid quarter in the phase of the tough economy. Before drilling down into the quarter I wanted to note that as you saw in our press release and as Jim mentioned our quarterly revenue includes iDefense which was previously classified as a discontinued operation and will now be included as part of naming services. iDefense provides information, security, threat intelligence which has been a valuable resource for our naming business, as we continue to counter threat to the DNS. In addition, many government agencies that we interact with in our DNS operations are customers of the iDefense Services. We therefore concluded that this asset provides strategic value, and we're retaining it as part of the naming business. Now let me get into the business unit operating results for the quarter. In our naming business we saw better than expected growth with the adjusted zone for registered names in dot-com and dot-net, totaling 92.4 million names at the end of the quarter. This was an increase of 2 million net names added to the adjusted zone quarter-over-quarter and 9% increase year-over-year. In total in the quarter, we processed 7.3 million domain name registration during this quarter compared with 7.8 million names during Q1, 2008. On the renewal rate side, as you may recall, the renewal rate for Q4, 2008, bounded down to 70% which was down from 72% in Q3 2008. This declines been largely from non-renewal of domain names registered for the purpose of monetizing online advertising traffic. While renewal rates are not fully determinable until 45 days at the end of the quarter we believe for Q1 2009 the renewal rate will be between 70% and 71%. Last quarter our tone was cautious regarding the Q1 outlook. We felt this was prudent given the economy and our view on overall market dynamics. Our view on that has not changed. On the naming side we were pleased to see better than expected growth in the quarter and believe it is due to a number of factors including seasonality, as the first quarter is typically the strongest quarter for this business. In addition to strong seasonality during the quarter, we saw new unit promotion programs, international growth, and some strains from domain names being registered for the purpose of online advertising in advance of the April implementation, ITN's policy regarding use of the add grade period for registration deletion. On the infrastructure side, we were able to reduce the average daily peak loads by more than 10% through the use our enhanced security and monitoring tools. Even in the phase of growing daily average DNS request. Our average daily query load has increased from 35 billion to 38 billion per day. To handle these increases we continue to invest in the DNS, in order to optimally manage the increase in traffic on the internet. We're committed to investing in critical project in infrastructure to maintain a record of 100% uptime over the last 11 years, making us one of the most reliable and trusted networks in the world. Now moving on to authentication services, the business unit that includes both our business authentication or SSL services, and user authentication or IAS. In the SSL business we saw the installed base of Certificates increased to 1.15 million certificates, compared to 1.12 million last year and approximately 1 million in Q1 2008. This represents a 13% year-over-year growth in the base. The annualized average unit revenue or AUR for the installed base of VeriSign's, GeoTrust and broad branded certificates was $244 for the quarter compared to $248 last quarter. As we've seen in the past the AUR decline this quarter is primarily due to the product mix shift. We continue to see the lower end of the market grow faster than the high-end and our GeoTrust brands continues to grow faster than our overall portfolio as we participate in the high growth segment of the market. At the highest end of our offerings, while still a small portion of our SSL business, extended validation or ED certificate sales were strong as we continued the trend of more than doubling the units sold a year ago. We remain the market share leader for ED certificates. Finally within our IAS business we have now distributed over 2.3 million credentials as part of the VIP and one-time password program. In the first quarter, we released the iPhone version of our mobile one-time password now available on more than 100 mobile phone models. We're seeing increased interest and stronger authentication as foreign factors become more convenient across this effort. Now to give you a sense of what we expect as we move forward. Our continued focus in the naming business is on channel expansion, growth in our international footprint, and the introduction of new services. Our SSL business we are focused on up selling the base, driving sales at the low-end and leveraging the brand. In general, we remain committed to implementing plans to continue to improve operating leverage as we grow the business. While there are some reports that the economic environment has a glimmer of stabilization, it is too early to tell what the future may hold. In addition, to staying in close touch with our customers, things we look at when building our forecast, include the projected growth in online advertising and eCommerce growth. While we expected both of these categories will show continued growth in 2009, it should be no surprise that any growth will be at its lower rate than previous years. With that in mind for the second quarter, we believe the naming base will grow by 1 million to 1.5 million names and that renewal rates will stay within the historical range of 70% to 71%. We continue to watch the impact of the structural changes in the business related to online advertising, most notably as it relates to our renewal base of business. On the SSL side of our business, we are watchful of customer behaviors in this economic environment, which has resulted in us seeing customers renew later than usual and increasingly request discounts and price reductions as well as taking deals to RFP. In summary, our core business performed well in the first quarter. With our strong market position, great team, well recognized and regarded brand and our disciplined approach, we remain confident in our ability to maintain continued progress in our business in both the short-term and over the long-term. Thanks for your attention and now I'll turn the call over to Brian. Brian?
Brian Robins: Thanks, Mark and thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. As Jim and Mark have both discussed, we are proud of the progress that we made in Q1, particularly in light of uncertain macroeconomic headwinds that we faced coming into the quarter. This has been and still is unchartered territory for all of us. Before I jump into a more detailed discussion of first quarter results I like to briefly discuss the housekeeping item. As we discussed last quarter, beginning with Q1 we've adopted a more rigorous view of what is excluded as non-GAAP item in order to improve the quality of our earnings. Our description of items excluded from our non-GAAP financial information is available in our press release. As of this quarter, gains and losses on derivatives, and macro investments, impairment of property, plant and equipment, and non-recurring costs are no longer excluded. The 2008 non-GAAP reconciliation has been restated for this change. This inclusion of iDefense and the adoption of new accounting standard FSP, ABP 14-1 related to do accounting for our convertible debt instrument is now posted on Investor Relations website at investor.veriSign.com. We will be holding our 2009 Analysts Day on November 19th in New York City. Additional details will be forthcoming, but please mark your calendars. We look forward to this event and hope to see many of you then. Moving now to a more detailed discussion of results for our core businesses. Revenue for our core businesses came in slightly above our guidance at $252 million up 2% sequentially and up 13% year-over-year. As we noted in our press release, iDefense contributed $3 million to the quarter and is included in naming services. We expect iDefense to contribute approximately $10 million in revenue to 2009. Revenue growth in Q1 was largely driven by performance in naming, which was up 17% year-over-year, authentication services revenue which includes SSL, VSJ and IAS was up 8% year-over-year. As noted previously, we exited Q1 with non-GAAP cooperating margin of 36.9%, which was above our internal expectations. Factors in Q1 contributing to lower expenses in plan, include lower labor costs and expense reductions related to the implementation of smart spending programs. Expense savings include a slower pace of hiring, more judicious use of outside labor and travel savings. Where as the operating income line, we incurred a loss of approximately $5 million for our core operations, this was less than we expected due to a termination fee of $3 million from an acquisition received during the quarter. Due to adoption of SSP, APB 14-1 we expect future quarters to be a loss of approximately $9 million per quarter. Non-GAAP core net income for the first quarter was $61 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.32. The diluted share account used in the EPS calculations was 193 million shares from approximately 194 million shares last quarter. Moving on to cash flow and balance sheet items. Operating cash flow is approximately $38 million and free cash flow is $17 million. Q1 is seasonally low due to the payment of accrued employee bonuses. Consolidated capital expenditures for this quarter were $21 million. Capital spend continues to be related to the expansion and optimization of our infrastructure. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet with ending cash and cash equivalence of $944 million, up approximately $153 million from last quarter. During the quarter, we received distributions from the reserve funds of approximately $94 million. There remains $56 million from the reserve funds as currently classified in other current assets. Net DSO for the first quarter was 31 days, down 4 days from last quarter stemming from strong collection efforts. Deferred revenue from continuing operations ended the quarter at $872 million, up $27 million, or 3% from last quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately 3,200 employees, down 100 from last quarter largely due to planned head count reductions. With the sale of Communication Services, International Clearing, and Real-Time Publisher Services are currently at approximately 2,800 employees. As previously discussed, head count will continue to decline with the sale of non-core businesses and further reduction in shared services head count. Our divide and focus approach continues to pay off as a non-core businesses that remain, as well as those that are in the process of being sold, again delivered solid results. In summary, we're pleased with our results given the continued challenging economic environment. We delivered double-digit revenue growth, as well as, strong earnings growth this quarter. Although, we benefited on the bottom-line from some favorable events, on the whole our performance speaks for the strength and durability of our business model. As we have noted, 2009 will continue to be challenging, but we will also continue to exercise financial and operational discipline in results. Moving on to our outlook. Q1 historically is a seasonally strong quarter. For Q2 we expect revenue for the core businesses will be flat to slightly up from Q1. As we look at 2009, we remain cautious in this environment. As we previously discussed our 2009 revenue being at the low-end of our original double-digit range, with the addition of iDefense revenue, we believe that this target is still achievable. Without iDefense there are a few factors that could impact our ability to hit this target by a couple of percentage points, specifically, those are swings in FX rate, the global economy, especially in Japan. As context on FX, note there have been fairly dramatic swings in FX rates over the last four months based on economic environment. The dollar has strengthened against the yen and euro by about 10% and 5% respectively from plan rates. We expect this to result in $2 to $3 million impact to revenue in the second quarter and possibly by similar amounts in the second half. Q2 non-GAAP operating margin is forecasted to be inline with the first quarter. Given the uncertainties that remain with regard to the economy, we will continue to take a conservative approach to cash in the near-term. With that, I'll turn the call back to Jim. Jim?
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, Brian. 2009 is off to a solid start for VeriSign, demonstrating strong execution in the tough environment. Our strategy is the right one and we believe that the results demonstrate that. While it's easy to get caught up in the details of quarterly earnings I think it's also important to step back and remember what a unique company VeriSign is, as well as, the important foundation that we provide for internet economy. We believe our business model puts us in a unique position in the industry and that combination of business model and strategic position has enabled us to deliver revenue growth, margin expansion and strong profitability in this economy. Additionally, our balance sheet is very healthy and this allows us to aggressively protect and grow our business in this environment, while maintaining flexibility to pursue opportunities prudently. While 2009 will be a year of challenges and opportunities, we are excited about VeriSign's role and potential as the most trusted provider of internet infrastructure services now and for many years to come. We would now like to open the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll have our first question from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to chat a little bit more just on margins you mentioned a flat margin quarter-to-quarter in Q2. Mark, when you kind of just look longer term at the company, I would say some of the macro dynamics have changed. But any sort of change in your opinion what the longer term margin targets are?
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, Phil. On the longer term basis I think, as I think I mentioned on the last call, we think we could maintain the margins that we're looking at now with possible slight improvement. Factors that go into that are the amount of revenue, continued leverage as we divest the remaining businesses and then some of the programs we have in place to reduce expenses. Those are counter balanced by investments in the infrastructure. We've made some investments in the talent in the people, as well as some product investment.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Then also when you look at SSL business, you mentioned that greater mix shift towards the low-end. When you look at this year, what are you expectations when you think about pricing? Should that continue over the course of the year?
Jim Bidzos: I would expect that the mix shift that we're seeing will continue, the low-end of the market is growing faster than the high-end of the market and there is no reason to believe that that's going to change. As far as from AUR standpoint, I think if we look back a few quarters and see the percent declines we see in AUR, that I would expect that could continue for the foreseeable future.
Operator: We'll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: If we look at the 2 million net add number on the DNS side, you guys get some demand stimulation in the quarter. When you think about Q2 and guidance of $1 to $1.5 million, are you guys going to repeat some of those demand stimulation programs? Can you give us a sense in terms of the impact of the, ICANN change was in terms of tasting and, that kind of, you mentioned you saw some low-end momentum in Q1, some advertising momentum, sorry?
Jim Bidzos: Todd, so a few things there. We did better than we thought and we think it's related to those items. It's not just Todd to review the programs it's the industry-wide. We will continue to do programs, at least for a couple months in this quarter. From what we hear from the industry, a number of the registrars will continue to run programs, as well, but it's not certain as to whether they would do that for the entire quarter or not. So it's very difficult to tell how much of the new units from the first quarter are directly related to those kind of programs. So that's just tough to break that out. We did see, particularly as we got closer to April 1, some run-up on new names that we believe are the impact of that is because of the implementation of the PBC non-forgiveness. It's hard to say which portion of that is attributable as well. If I had to guess, I would put it in the few hundred thousand sort of category, but that's a difficult thing to do.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Should we be thinking that business is bothering secular bases here in Q2 as we anniversary some of the structural changes?
Jim Bidzos: There was two things we had talked about, before structurally. One was the changes that Google particularly made on its programs and I think we've seen the impact of that flow through the system from a new unit basis, and we are continuing to see that slowdown from the renewal basis. It looks like the renewal rates have stabilized and the historical rates like I said is 70% to 71%. And then on the other changes that are ICANN related about the restocking fee and the non-forgiveness fee, to the extent we might see impacts from those things other than the run-up of names, it would be the renewal rates, a year or so from today, depending on how those names performed.
Operator: We'll go next to Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Jim, I think the comments that you made about being conservative with the cash and being opportunistic, I didn't hear any share repurchase in the quarter. How are you looking at the use of the cash to be opportunistic share repurchase versus acquisition?
Jim Bidzos: Our share buyback strategy hasn't changed. We consider that to be a very viable way of returning value to shareholders. We currently have authorization for that $950 million in repurchase. I think given the depth and the continued length of the recession, and the impact that we're seeing from it. I think it's just generally prudent for us to be extremely cautious with cash. Having said that, I would add a couple of things. Number one is that we have bought some shares back in every quarter, and that in general our policy has been that we will repurchase at least an amount equal to the [creep], and on an ongoing basis that strategy hasn't changed. I would also add that we would be disciplined and opportunistic in any acquisition opportunities. We simply don't see any at this point that would cause us to rethink our view of cash. I would just simply call it one-off caution based on the economic environment, and continuing review of share buyback as a way to return shareholder value.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Can you just review for us the decision process to keep the iDefense part of ESS? And is there any chance that you might keep any of the other disputing [aps] that are still left for sale?
Jim Bidzos: I'll turn that over to Mark. I'll just say that, that decision with iDefense was purely strategic, not financial. And the ESS unbundling essentially was a way to help us get to divestiture quicker. Mark?
Mark McLaughlin: Sterling, I think the short answer is no, we will not keep other portions of the assets. We don't have a plan to do that today. So the iDefense one was one that I got involved in when I got back. I think that's strategic to the Naming business. The two things I mentioned in the prepared remarks are important. Our Naming team uses iDefense services to help them counter the threats we see to the DNS and it seems like it might be able to shortsighted to have to go to market to get those services for that capabilities when we had it in-house. And secondly and very importantly, we have a lot of happy customers in the US government who use those services today. And that's closer related from a relationship standpoint to our DNS business, I'd like to continue to maintain good relationships. And the third point is we actually think that there is potential opportunity to grow that business as well which we'll be trying to do.
Operator: We'll go next to Sarah Friar, Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about the pricing on the DNS side? Clearly, I think you've made some comments about wanting to be more careful this year given the macroeconomic environment. But any color on your thoughts about lifting the price overall?
Mark McLaughlin: By way of reminder for people who may not know, under a contract we have the ability to take 7% price increases or out of the six years of the agreement for dot-com. So far we've taken two of these increases. And the patentees' have been thoughtful about the timing of the increases, and I think we should be continuing to do so particularly in life as the impact of an increase could have on sales in this weak economy, as well as some uncertainty in the multiple constituencies that are involved in this industry. Through the last time we talked as a group, there has been a bit of stabilization in the company but that's hard to say if that's going to last or increase. A few on the uncertainties in the constituency side have been answered by fair to say, newly confirmed Secretary of Commerce, Gary Locke, as of just about two weeks ago. And a nominated, but not yet semi-confirmed Head of NTIA, Larry Strickland coming out of the SEC. Hard to say when he will be confirmed. There is still not yet an announced new CEO of ICANN, I don't expect to see that probably at a minimum until the next ICANN meeting in June. While we take numerous items into consideration we think through timing and we're going to continue to do that.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: I think you have to give us six months update, normally you've upped the prices historically in the fall. It seems like right now we could think it's going to get pushed out a little bit from there. Is that fair?
Mark McLaughlin: We have to give a six months notice period to increasing the prices to the extent that to make a pattern we'd noticed two previous ones in the spring time and taken the increases in the fall, but there is no rule about that.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: And Mark, just a follow-up for you, coming back into the fold, I know you had a lot of ideas about what could be done on the registry side of the business, new business creation there. Any update on something's that you're particularly excited about as you've come back and looked at what's there for you to do?
Mark McLaughlin: There are a couple of things, Sarah. I want to be careful as I mentioned last so we don't want to talking about things that are too early to talk about. But two that I spent a bit of time or more than a bit of time since I get back on with one business, [VIVN], which is the various sign internet defense network which we've launched in beta. I spent some time with some customers on that and have some positive feedback so far but that doesn't mean that that's going to be a big deal for us. We're trying to be cautious about that as well. And the second thing is, really, I think some clever ideas what the team is looking at to do with the dot-name asset that we purchased, particularly, related to tying together SMS and E-mail using a dot-name. And we're invading a few markets with that right now to getting some interesting feedback. But again these are early things for us, so I'd like to hold off on any details in that.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Cowen and Company.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company: Mark, I'm wondering if you could talk a bit about the puts and takes on the DNS side. Specifically in the past you guys have mentioned the number of new name ads, big kind of a gross number, so if you could give that number? And then just for Brian, in terms of shared services costs, now that you've got some of these divestitures behind you, if you could help quantify, especially on the G&A expense side? How much of that you think you can take out given what's being completed and what's been announced share in terms of the divestitures?
Mark McLaughlin: Just make sure I understand. You mean just as far as new registrations and what goes into that?
Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company: Right. I guess you have some color on the renewal rate being 70% to 71% estimated for the quarter, but just kind of the -- I don't know, help us out a bit with, it sounds like you saw strong new name registration, or stronger new name registrations as well as maybe a bit less churn than expected. Just trying to get a little bit more color around that qualitative commentary.
Mark McLaughlin: If you look back over the course of 2008, this quarter we did 7.3 million new registrations and in the fourth quarter of 2008 we did $6.3 million. In the third quarter we did $6.9 million, and in the second quarter we did $7.5 million. So if you charted that out we're roughly back to where we were in the second quarter of 2008, which I think correlates heavily to the end of the economic world as we knew it. And whether that's a trend that will continue, I think it definitely depends to some extent on the economy, and like I said the things we watch on eCommerce growth and online advertising. There are lots of conflicting reports about that but I've seen those will be flat to growing in a single-digit. That leaves us to believe, given the results we've seen in the first quarter but they are probably growing in the high single-digits in both of those categories, and we grow kind of closely to that. But the three things I'd mentioned to go into that number for the first quarter are better than we expected, where we did see strong international growth. I think we definitely saw units coming from these promotion programs, and we did see a bit of a run-up in front of that PPC non-forgiveness. Does that answer your question?
Brian Robins:  Walter, this is Brian. On the G&A cost, there will not be any direct immediate savings from the divestitures. The two divestitures that we mentioned RTP and VSP were relatively small. On a comps divestiture which is a more larger divestitures, we've been aggressive predivestiture in separating these assets and it's gone to discontinued operations. And so with [com] specifically, that is actually operating over Olympia, Overland Park office which are dedicated facilities. With that said, once the TSAs are done and we fully transferred all the technology, there will be some reductions in facilities in data centers and so there will be some opportunity, and so the next two quarters to trim out G&A. We did deliver higher margins this quarter at 36.9% operating, due to some of the efforts that we've put in place over the last couple of quarters.
Jim Bidzos: Walter, this is Jim, I'd answer your question about what divestitures remain. I think there is generally very good news on this front. As you know we closed the com business of course, on May 1st and RTP on May 5th. So basically we have two of the three components of the enterprise security bundle that we are not keeping. And as such we mentioned, we have a letter of intent. We are not identifying the parties under nondisclosure. We have the consulting part of the security business. Then we have the messaging bundle that still remains. That is 10 out of 15 that have closed. So, we are pleased with our progress there.
Operator: We'll go next to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Hi, just a quick question on competing certificate services from the registrars. Can you talk about that, how the business model differs and what the value proposition of the customer might be versus yours?
Mark McLaughlin: This is Mark. So, let me start with from a registrar standpoint are primarily a channel for certificates and not all registrars offer their own certificates. The most registrars may have tried to sell our certificates. Ones that people know of, our (inaudible) offer their own certificates. They are almost totally at the very low-end of the market and from a differentiation standpoint a lot of that is around price. What that really means from a customer standpoint is the level of authentication that is provided for those services and when you get to that very low-end of the market, it is very minimal usually just verifying that the domain name itself. So, it is a minimal level of authentication.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: And then if you can go back to the price increase on dot.com. I heard your answer that about shifting around government officials and that's understandable. But is that what you're looking for the triggers to take this price increase, meaning that they confirm the head of NPIA and (inaudible) as new CEO or are there some other triggers?
Mark McLaughlin: There are a lot of factors in this, Katherine, but primarily what we're concerned about is just the economy itself. So, a lot of the discussions we had from the customer standpoint, we have to believe that in this current economy, unless we see some more stability. The price increases could lead to lower demand to differ and people buy less. That is primarily we are looking for a stabilization economy. You throw into that mix some uncertainties that exist, because of the new administration. A lot of players that used to be around the table are different or not yet named and how that's received in this economy is something we need to think about.
Operator: We will go next to Rob Owens from Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Couple of questions around iDefense. With the incremental revenue contribution, did you break out what the incremental expense was for the quarter as well?
Brian Robins: Hey Rob, this is Brian. We actually don't break that out, but what we have committed to in guidance is we will deliver the same profitability.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: So was it at the same type of corporate margin in Q1 or was it additive?
Brian Robins: It was absolutely not at the same corporate margin.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: And then second, I think you said core long-term plan is to grow iDefense. Just curious with the 3 million here in the first quarter, why are you only seeing 10 million fort year, where should we see the weakness?
Brian Robins: So we didn't put the decimal around, but that is round-up. So if you look throughout the year. Part of the other issue, as well as since we are just integrating that back into VeriSign, when you go with the divestiture, the willingness for customers' assigned new business with you. As Mark talked about we are going to integrate that within VeriSign go into the public sector, incorporate into our threat intelligence. So, I think you will see more coming from that in the future.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: And then on your website are you going to give us comparability for iDefense contributed in '08?
Brian Robins: It's there [around].
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Maybe I can start with a housekeeping question. Brian, would it be possible to get the revenue dollar break-down between the naming business, the SSL and the IAS businesses?
James Bidzos: I could give that to you. In fact and let me, so I'll give you approximate. Naming was approximately 148 million. SSL was about 91 million. And then in IAS, we have talked about is roughly around 12 million. On a go-forward basis, SSL and IAS is the authentication unit, and so those will be combined.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Perfect. And then is there back to the start business, is there anything you are doing from a marketing standpoint or go to market to try to encourage EV adoption? Thanks.
Mark McLaughlin: Yeah, this is Mark, Steve. We do, do that and the industry does that as well. So, EV is a standard which is good and bad in that as a standard everybody can use it, everybody can adopt it. The bad news around that is, is that as far as putting enough marketing muscle behind it for it to make a difference, it takes quite a bit. So, we certainly do our part for that. I'd like to see lots of other people step up to that as well and I think that would help everybody. But we haven't really seen the entire industry particularly in the browser space do that.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Morgan.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan: This is Kerry Rice for Scott. Most of my questions have answered, but I wanted to touch on some things that were mentioned earlier. You mentioned, I think a little bit of improvement from that in the domain names from the advertising. And I was curious if you've seen that sustainable here in April and maybe if you can without giving guidance, what you think the impact is there beyond Q2?
Brian Robins: Yeah, so what we saw there, I think is a run-up prior to the implementation of this non-forgiveness fee. So, just for people who may not know what that means, as of April 1st, if you were registering domain names using the ad grace period and then returning those domain names, that used to be free, you had five days to do that. It used to be free and that I kind of created this whole PPT industry. Then I can impose what they call a restocking fee of $0.20 for every one of those names. So, that raised the bar on what you have to monetize that name. As of April 1st, there was no more forgiveness of the registry fee, which means you had to pay the entire registry fee to keep those names. So, as a matter of monetizing those names, the bar went from zero up to the entire registration fee plus the restocking fee. So, people were trying to get in front of the implementation of that, right up through April 1st. Post-April 1st, I don't think we'll see names going into that category unless they can monetize at that rate and if that is the case there is really no difference between those names and what we would call traditional names of the same thing now because, we are costing the same amount of people who are monetizing at the same level.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan: And for that run-up, and I don't know if you have any statistics on this, but the ones that we are still trying to kind of beat that deadline. Did they generally do the grace period and drop off, or did you see how lot of those retained going in, because of the restocking fee or can you give any insight on that?
Brian Robins: Actually I don't know. I don't know that, I can get back to you on that. But we used to see a very, very wide divergence between the number of names that were attempted to register and the number of names that would stick. And that is going down dramatically over the last year to some thing that is fairly negligible. I call it back to normal, but I could check on that.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan: I'd be curious to see if they kind of retained them or if they just dropped off. And then the final question I have, there has been some discussion out of the EU about pushing ICANN to run independently and not in the US Department of Commerce. Do you have any thoughts on that or comments on that?
James Bidzos: So that relates for folks who may not know, there is that contract between ICANN and the Department of Commerce called the JPA, by its terms it is going to expire in September. And that has been the case every year. It is a year-to-year contract. There is a lot of discussion about what will happen come September, and there's no specific proposal out there, yet people have all gotten behind ICANN is proposing self-governance, a lot of other people who have proposed different models. Recently the commissioner of the EU suggested trading like a super-G12 nations to provide oversight. But that's one of many proposals that have been on the table.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I will turn the conference back over to Ms. Nancy Fazioli for any additional or closing remarks.
Nancy Fazioli: Thank you, operator. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our second quarter 2009 results will be held on Thursday, August 6th at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. I would like to remind you that in light of regulation FD, VeriSign claims to retain its long standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - VP, IR and Corporate Communications Jim Bidzos - Executive Chairman and Interim CEO Mark McLaughlin - President and COO Brian Robins - SVP and Acting CFO
Analysts: Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities Ken Long - Cowen and Company Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Katherine Egbert - Jefferies Garrett Bekker - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Rob Sanderson - Broadpoint.AmTech Fred Ziegel - Mackinac Research
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the VeriSign Incorporated fourth quarter fiscal year 2008 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded.  At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I'm Ken Bond, Vice President for Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, and I'm here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman, Interim CEO of VeriSign; along with President and Chief Operating Officer, Mark McLaughlin; and Brian Robins our acting Chief Financial Officer. A replay of this call will be available beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time via telephone at 888-676-8776 or 913-312-1457 for international callers and will be available through February 11. The pass code for both numbers is 6496729. The fourth quarter 2008 earnings press release is available on FirstCall and Marketwire. The press release and the financial information discussed on today's conference call and a reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to GAAP is available on the VeriSign Investor Relations website at investor.verisign.com. For those of you joining us via webcast, we invite you to view the slide presentation, which accompanies today's conference call. These same slides will be available for download from our website after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we disclose in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Specifically, the most recent report on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Additionally, financial results in today’s press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and a description of items excluded from our non-GAAP financial information is located on the VeriSign Investor Relations website. Also let me mention that we expect to file our 10-K no later than March 2nd. Our Analyst Day is now scheduled for May 14, and will be held here in Mountain View, California. We look forward to the event and hope to see many of you here then. In a moment, Jim, Mark and Brian will provide some prepared remarks and afterwards, we will open up the call to your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim?
Jim Bidzos:  Thanks, Ken, and good afternoon to those of you joining us today. As many of you already know Mark McLaughlin, recently rejoined the company and was named President and Chief Operating Officer. I'm very pleased to welcome Mark back to the company, as he and I have a great working relationship and as knowledge of the company and our industry will allow him to hit the ground running like no one from the outside could. Mark, would you like to say a few words before we start. 
Mark McLaughlin: Good afternoon, I just want to say it's great to be back at the company. I've always known the company has tremendous talent and business strengths and we're excited to be back as part of the team to help take it to the next level. My transition into the company has been smooth. I've worked with this team before and understand where we're going as a company, having played a key roll in the development of our strategy. Looking forward, Jim and I remain focused on protecting and growing our core businesses and divesting those businesses we have discussed as being non-core. I'm committed to seeing this strategy through to success and I'm glad to be back as part of the team. With that, Jim let me turn it back to you.
Jim Bidzos: Again, welcome back. And what a truly extraordinary economic time, I'm pleased to report that VeriSign delivered a very solid quarter that capped off a very solid year. For Q4 on a non-GAAP basis we delivered revenue of $245 million, earnings per share of $0.28 and we exited 2008 with operating margins slightly above 35%, and with nearly $800 million in cash. It's noteworthy that we also repurchased more of our shares in 2008 than we did in 2007 and we were buying during Q4. I believe these results demonstrate several things. First, that our strategy of focusing on our core businesses is the right one. Divesting non-core businesses while protecting and growing our core businesses is the right thing for VeriSign to do. Second, the financial results show that our business unit realignment has allowed us to identify inefficiencies and control costs despite our not having completed divestures. We believe we have the financial focus and discipline to manage the businesses successfully including discontinued operations. Third, these results show that while we did not have as much success as we had hoped for in selling non-core businesses, we still managed to have a stronger balance sheet that positions us to pursue opportunities in the downturn where many companies may struggle just to survive. Despite the weak economy and frozen credit markets, we still managed to sell 7 of 12 businesses, as well as our interest in the Jamba joint venture, raising over $300 million in a recession long and deep enough to cause unemployment to dramatically rise and to have the government proposing and implementing very significant stimulus and bailout plans. I'm grateful to the VeriSign employees, including those in discontinued operations, who worked hard and delivered for the company. Now let's go into a more detailed review of the quarter. Like many of you, we are increasingly realizing that the broader downturn is going to be deeper and longer than originally expected. More importantly, we are seeing definite signs that our core businesses are being affected as well. Last quarter we discussed how the macroeconomic environment could potentially affect us. This quarter, many of the possible effects we discussed materialized, resulting in a slowing of our core businesses, impacting our naming business in particular. I would like to start with a brief overview of our financial results, which Brian will discuss later in greater detail, followed by review of our business and operating results for the fourth quarter. From there, I would like to touch on areas that we believe are of particular interest to investors, based on conversations we've had with shareholders, including how the weakening economic environment is impacting our core businesses, and an update on our divesture activities. Starting with the business review; I'm pleased to report that our core businesses had a solid quarter, and I would like to again thank all of our employees for their continued focus and commitment to VeriSign. Revenue for core businesses was $245 million, which was at the higher end of our revenue guidance of $242 million to $247 million. Brian, will discuss this in more detail, but there were a couple of items effecting core revenue this quarter in ways that we did not anticipate. The net effect of these items is that core revenue was $1 million lower. Despite the revenue adjustment, non-GAAP core operating margins were 35.1% for the quarter, slightly above our guidance of 35%. In November of 2007, we set the goal of improving our operating margins to 35% or higher by the end of 2008, and we're pleased to have achieved results in line with this goal last quarter as well as this quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $0.28. Our press release will note that the GAAP tax provision is preliminary, which Brian will discuss later. However, this has no direct effect on the non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.28. Before moving to the business review, I would like to mention that we're beginning to realign our three core businesses into two business units, with SSL and IAS being consolidated into a newly formed business unit, we will be calling Authentication Services. In addition the marketing and development synergies, we believe the realignment will provide an important benefit of allowing us to reduce a portion of the shared service cost prior to the completion of the divesture process. Moving now to our Naming business, we saw growth of 12% year-over-year as we adjusted zone for registered names and .com and .net grew to 90.4 million names at the end of the quarter. In total, we processed 6.3 million new domain name registrations during the quarter, compared with 7.5 million names during Q4 2007. The decline in new name registrations was expected and reflects the continuation of weakness in names, registered for the purpose of participating in online advertising networks as the Earnings Per Click or EPC or domain name holders continues to weaken. As discussed in the past, we expect that online advertising will increasingly become a smaller part of our Naming business. Currently these names make up 7% of the adjusted zone. As a result we plan to discontinue the reporting of metrics for online advertising after this quarter. As appropriate, we will continue to discuss meaningful events and trends with respect to online advertising or other relevant areas of the adjusted zone. Last quarter, we noted seeing possible signs of softness in new name registration or traditional names. Unfortunately, the broader economic downturn has impacted traditional names as well and what we saw in October continued over the remainder of the fourth quarter. New name registrations or traditional names during the fourth quarter were approximately 5.9 million, 12% lower than the same quarter Q4 2007. On a net basis, we added one million names to the adjusted zone this quarter, including a net increase of two million traditional names, which now represents 93% of the adjusted zone and a decline of one million online advertising names as we expected. We expect that weakening economic conditions will contribute to slowing growth rates in 2009 for the total worldwide domain zone, as well as for our dot.com and dot.net zones. As a result, we're not providing formal guidance for the first quarter net editions to the adjusted zone expect to say we're not forecasting a decline in the adjusted zone in Q1. Typically, Q1 is our strongest quarter for new name registrations and we expect that this will be the case this year as well, however, given the composition of the expiring name base, we also expect that Q1 will also see the highest number of non-renewals. Our expectation is based on what we can observe and project about the current environment. Should there be significant changes in the broader market, our outlook could change as well. Even as we're seeing declines in online advertising and slowing in traditional names within North America, we're also seeing continued growth in international markets; markets where we have focused efforts to develop regions for growth potential in both .com and .net overtime. While overall growth of the adjusted zone maybe slowing, we know that the growth rate is similar to the growth rate of all other gTLDs on a combined basis. The renewal rate for Q3 rounded up to 72%, but was down from 73% in Q2. While the Q3 renewal rate decline was most obviously affected by domain names registered for the purpose of monetizing online advertising traffic, the renewal rate for traditional names also came down in Q3. While renewal rates are not fully determinable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that for Q4 it may decline slightly more than 1%, with the Q4 renewal rate rounding down to 70%. Finally, our internet infrastructure continues to operate at peak loads of nearly 50 billion DNS requests per day, as our systems again demonstrated that VeriSign's capability of being able to operate global networks at this scale and reliability remains unparalleled due in large part to our continued investment and infrastructure such as Project Titan. As a reminder, no one else has operated a global network infrastructure of this nature at this volume level or with 100% uptime over the last 11 years, even as we remain one of the most attacked global networks on the planet. The SSL business saw the installed base increase to 1,118,000 certificates compared with 1,095,000 last quarter and 987,000 in Q4 of '07. We're pleased that this growth represents 13% year-over-year growth in the base. Fourth quarter SSL revenue increased 9% year-over-year and the annualized average unit revenue or AUR for the installed base of VeriSign, GeoTrust and thawte branded certificates was $248, down from an adjusted AUR of $251 last quarter. As discussed in prior quarters, the lower AUR also reflects the continuation of product mix shift as GeoTrust continues to grow faster than the overall portfolio. Looking forward, we expect that GeoTrust will continue to grow faster, meaning, we expect to see further AUR declines as unit volumes grow faster than revenue. While still a small portion of our SSL business, extended validation or EV certificate sales continue to be strong as we more than doubled the units sold a year ago. And we remain the market share leader for EV certificates, however, as discussed last quarter, we continue to see the effect of the economic slowdown on EV adoption as large scale customers again ordered less than what we expected. As discussed last quarter, we expect that the mainstream adoption of EV certificates will be pushed out until we see improvements in the broader economy. Last quarter we also discussed a shift in buying patterns by some large scale customers to begin placing smaller but more frequent orders, as customers are manning to their certificate requirements carefully. Also, in our retail and channel business, which typically served customers with less than five certificates, Q4 is typically a seasonally weak quarter, however, this Q4 was weaker than normal for the retail business, as we saw a decrease in new certificate sales and delays in renewals. Our channel partners also saw the same economic challenges as did the overall SSL market. These examples make clear that the weakening economy is affecting our SSL business with the net effect being that some portion of certificate sales are not occurring, or are being deferred, and that our SSL revenue growth will be in the single-digits. I would like to now take a quick look back at last year as 2008 proves to be another eventful year for VeriSign and the broader markets. While '08 will be remembered as an extremely challenging year, we made good progress on our strategy of focusing the company around our core businesses. Brian, will discuss some of the financial metrics in more detail, but we're pleased with our revenue growth and operating margin improvements. Full year core revenue grew 20% year-over-year and operating margins exited the year above 35%, even as we have additional divestures and shared cost reductions to be completed. In an environment, which could be described as challenging at best, we were also able to sell seven non-core businesses and our remaining interest in the Jamba joint venture since late in 2007 netting proceeds of approximately $300 million. Through the sale of these non-core businesses, as well as disciplined operating management, our headcount ended the year with nearly 1,000 fewer employees or 23% lower than Q4 2007. And finally, over the course of the year, we repurchased approximately $39 million shares of common stock, slightly more than the $38 million shares we purchased in 2007. To date, we have reduced the shares outstanding by more than 31% since the first half of 2007, when we resumed the share repurchase program. In summary, while 2008 was a challenging year, it also marked the year of very good progress for VeriSign. I would now like to comment on some areas that we believe are of interest to investors, including, how the current economic environment is effecting our core businesses and an update on our divesture activities. Over the last 90 days we've been observing spread of the financial crisis into the broader economy and we're constantly assessing how VeriSign is being affected. I want to be clear and acknowledge the obvious. Our business along with virtually every other business is being affected by broader market condition. The divesture process has been slowed, mainstream adoption of EV certificates has been pushed out and we've noticed effects to our Naming and SSL businesses, which I'll discuss in a moment. In helping investors better understand how the changing markets could affect VeriSign, I would like to share some insight on what we see as being risks and opportunities. While we do not see each and every risk materializing into reality, we do recognize that given the current environment, investors won't understand the range of possibilities. Before discussing what we see as some of the general risks, I would like to comment on what we see as opportunities. First, our strategy remains unchanged as we're focusing the company to grow our core businesses and we are exiting a number of good, but non-strategic businesses. We believe that our strategy, along with a focus on improving our capital structure, will provide for better shareholder value over time. Our core businesses are continuing to grow with revenue growth of 16% year-over-year this quarter. Operating margins improved dramatically during 2008 to current levels at above 35%. The balance sheet is strong with nearly $800 million in cash at the end of '08. We have a proven ability to generate positive cash flow with cash flow from operations of approximately $115 million in this quarter. And we remain committed to shareholder value having repurchased more shares in '08 than we did in '07. We recognize these are difficult times, and while many companies will struggle to weather the downturn, we expect to strengthen our competitive position. We will be aggressive and we will leverage our financial strength to compete vigorously in core markets, particularly, those markets where IT spending maybe declining in 2009. We also expect that we will make investments to simulate growth in our core businesses and adjacent markets. Let me be clear that I'm not signaling a return of active M&A as a means to bring growth. Likewise, I'm not suggesting these investments have any serious or detrimental effects to our commitment to improving operating margins. In the past, we have discussed both marginal investments and close to further growth in our core businesses. This is what I'm talking about. In summary, we continue to believe that the strength of our balance sheet and consistent cash flow should allow us to continue investing in our core and adjacent markets. Not all companies are in the same position of strength, including some of our competitors, and they are being forced to cut people and investments just to survive. As a result, we believe we're in a position to do what others cannot do, especially, should we see an extended downturn. Moving now to a discussion of areas which we see as potential risks. As we've previously said, the weakening economy continues to affect the divesture process as well as having some effect on EV adoption. With the further weakening of the economy, it should come as no surprise that we continue to feel these effects. Looking further into our core businesses during the fourth quarter, we also saw some effects to the traditional main portion of our Naming business as mentioned earlier. Also, the online advertising portion of the Naming business, which accounts for 7% of the adjusted zone, is seeing pronounced weakness due in part to weakening EPC trends, including Google's AdSense program, change and lower spending trends in internet advertising. Our Naming business also has opportunities, which we're continuing to develop, including the extension of .com and .net to international markets such as India, China and Latin America. Returning to our SSL business; the main effect's of the economic slowdown, slowing of EV adoption, and a shift in buying patterns by large customers, which I discussed earlier. While there is some risk around the uptake of EV certificates, we believe that mainstream adoption is just a matter of time, as customer feedback has been consistent and clear about the benefits of EV certificates. One area of risk that we believe is given too much credit is whether we're seeing any signs of cannibalization to our VeriSign branded certificates in light of the declining AUR. To address this directly: currently we're not seeing any signs of cannibalization, while we continue to see a strong growth at the low end of the market. GeoTrust growth in particular has been very strong. However, GeoTrust units are sold at lower price points and this has the effect of causing the AURs to decline. We continue to see installed base growth in all brands with GeoTrust growing the fastest and VeriSign the slowest. Because of our market share and leadership at the high end of the market, our unit growth at the high end is somewhat bounded by the overall segment growth. In the mid and low end segments, where our market share is not as strong, we see good growth opportunities as these markets are growing faster than the high end markets and also leave room for market share gains. In sum, these factors suggest we will likely see continued AUR declines, however we expect to see continued revenue growth stemming from organic unit growth and growth opportunities for all certificate brands in international markets. In summary, while it's difficult to know with certainty how the current deteriorating economic conditions will effect our core businesses on an absolute basis, I feel very good about the opportunities we have, as well as our performance on a relative basis. Before discussing our ongoing divesture efforts, I would like to briefly comment on our recently announced arrangement agreement to acquire Certicom. As the situation is still evolving, there isn't anything we can say other than to acknowledge that we're aware of Certicom's determination that RIMs offer is a superior proposal. At this time we're considering what actions, if any, we might take, for today, we've no comments this matter. We remain committed to the strategy of focusing the company on our core businesses including the divesture of 12 non-core businesses, which we began in late 2007. As in past quarters, we continue to feel the effect of the economy on a divesture effort. While there continues to be good interest in the remaining businesses being divested, the sale process is taking longer and proving to be more complicated than we originally anticipated as buyers are taking more conservative postures, credit market issues are making it difficult to bring deals to closure. The good news is that we have now sold seven smaller businesses plus the remaining interest of the Jamba joint venture. Since our last earnings conference call, we've sold three additional businesses including post paid billing, communications consulting, and the 3united portion of the messaging business. In aggregate, since beginning the process late in '07, we've now received net proceeds of approximately $300 million from these sales and the sale of our interest in the Jamba joint venture. At this time, we have five businesses remaining for sale, including communications, enterprise security, messaging, and two small businesses, one of which we expect will close shortly. While it's certainly a challenging market in which to sell business we continue to actively work with potential buyers. With that in mind, Mark and I would like to reaffirm for you all our belief that our strategy to divest non-core businesses and focus on core businesses built on internet infrastructure services is the right course of action. We will keep going until we've completed all the restructuring we setout to do, including the divesture of all of the non-core businesses, and reducing shared services cost to fit the new smaller size of the company. As Brian will discuss later, our disciplined management of non-core businesses again led to solid operating performance. We will continue to maintain our disciplined management approach through the current transition and beyond. As we said most of last year, 2008 was going to be a very interesting year with a lot of moving parts. This is certainly proven to be true even in ways we could not have predicted. While we may not have achieved all of our goals in 2008, I'm extremely proud of our employees who made every effort possible so that we were able to make the good progress that we have. Looking ahead into 2009, we're realistic about the challenges that lie ahead and we have no illusions. We expect the coming year will bring an extended and deepening economic downturn. We expect that 2009 will bring new surprises just as 2008 did, and we're preparing for the challenging year ahead. We'll continue to focus as we protect and grow our core businesses, work diligently towards the sale of non-core businesses, right size our business once the divestitures are complete, and we have the right people in place to do all of these things. I would now like to turn the call over to Brian who will discuss the financial results for the fourth quarter and provide limited guidance before we move to the Q&A portion of the call. Brian?
Brian Robins: Thanks, Jim and welcome back Mark. Thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before discussing our results for the fourth quarter, I'd like to take this opportunity to highlight some of our accomplishments in 2008. For the year, core revenue was $936 million, up 20% from 2007. Non-GAAP core operating margin for the full year was 33.6%, and we exited the year above 35% as we previously guided. Non-GAAP core earnings per share for the year was $0.96. Cash flow from operations was approximately $475 million and solid throughout the year. As Jim mentioned earlier, since late 2007, we have now sold 7 of 12 non-core businesses as well as our interest in the Jamba joint venture, which generated approximately $300 million in proceeds. And finally, we repurchased approximately 39 million shares of common stock in 2008, even more than we repurchased in 2007. Since resuming our share repurchase efforts in 2007, we've now reduced the common shares outstanding by 31%. At this juncture, we now moved all of the businesses that we intend to divest into discontinued operations. Our prepaid billing business is now the only business remaining in non-core continuing operations, and as previously indicated, we expect this will be wound down in 2009. On a housekeeping note, we have not fully completed the tax provision calculation process, and as a result, our GAAP tax provision for the fourth quarter and full year is still preliminary, and therefore, GAAP net income and GAAP earnings per share are also preliminary. Our final tax provision; GAAP net income and GAAP earnings per share will be updated in our annual report on Form 10-K, and may differ materially from the amounts indicated in the press release. Also, we had a couple of issues affecting our core revenue this quarter as well as prior periods. The first issue related to revenue recognition for domain names and SSL certificates for the first month of new units. Historically, we recognize a full month of revenue, irrespective of which day in the month the name was registered. We have now adopted a mid-month convention and applied it retrospectively, resulting in adjustments for both Q4 and prior periods. The second issue related to revenue recognition for SSL certificate renewals, where we were previously recognized in revenue upon the execution of the extension agreement instead of upon the commencement of the renewal period. As a result, adjustment entries were made for both Q4 and prior periods. In summary, these two issues resulted in Q4 revenue being reduced by slightly more than $1 million, and the full year effect was a reduction of approximately $5.7 million in revenue. Both issues effect multi-year periods, and as a result, prior year revenue amounts will also be adjusted downward. A full disclosure of prior-period adjustments will be made in our 10-K. Cumulatively, the balance sheet effect is a $41 million increase to deferred revenue at December 31, 2008. Turning now to the fourth quarter, given the context of the greater macroeconomic environment and its impact on the business as Jim discussed earlier, I'm pleased to report we had a solid quarter due in part to the continued disciplined expense management. As a result, we were able to achieve our operating margin milestones without completing the divesture process and in spite of the declining market conditions Moving now to more detailed discussion of our results for our core business. Revenue for our core business came in near the high end of our guidance at $245 million, up 3% sequentially and up 16% year-over-year, in spite of the revenue adjustment discussed earlier. Growth was largely driven by performance in naming, which was up 23% year-over-year. SSL and IAS were up 9% and 14% year-over-year respectively. Turning to operating margins. As noted previously, we exited Q4 with a non-GAAP core operating margin above 35% inline with our guidance. Below the operating income line, we incurred a non-GAAP loss of approximately $8 million, slightly more of a net loss than we expected due to lower interest income. Non-GAAP core net income for the fourth quarter was $54 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.28. The diluted share count used in EPS calculations was 194 million shares, down from approximately 196 million shares last quarter. Due primarily to the share repurchases of approximately 2.6 million shares. Moving onto the cash flow and balance sheet items. Both, consolidated operating cash flow and free cash flow, were strong this quarter; coming in at approximately $115 million and approximately $90 million respectively. There were multiple drivers this quarter, including continuing strength in our core businesses and favorable working capital trends. Consolidated capital expenditures this quarter were $25 million as we continued to work on primarily core projects including the hardening and expansion of our data center facilities. Our ability to consistently generate solid operating cash flows resulted in our maintaining a strong balance sheet, with ending cash and cash equivalents of $791 million, up approximately $137 million from last quarter due largely to proceeds received from the divestures, including our interest in the Jamba joint venture. Please note that at the end of 2008, approximately $150 million of funds held by the reserve and discussed last quarter, were reclassified to other current assets this quarter, and are not currently included in our cash and cash equivalents. Of this $150 million, we received approximately $86 million subsequent to the end of the quarter. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares for $50 million. Over the course of 2008, we repurchased approximately 39 million shares for an aggregate value of $1.3 billion. Our 2008 share repurchases exceeded those of 2007, and since resuming our share repurchases program in the first half of 2007, we have reduced the common shares outstanding by 31%. Net DSO for the fourth quarter was 35 days, consistent with last quarter. Deferred revenue from continuing operations ended the quarter at $845 million, up $8 million or 1% from last quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately 3,300 employees, down 350 from last quarter, largely due to planed headcount reductions and divestitures. As previously discussed, we would expect headcount to continue to decline with sale of non-core businesses and further reductions in shared services headcount. In summary, we're pleased with our results given the challenging economic environment. Revenue, non-GAAP operating margins and EPS were all above or inline with consensus and street estimates, and as well we'll discuss in a moment, our outlook is something that we believe most companies would be hard pressed to deliver on in 2009. Double-digit revenue growth in non-GAAP operating margins in excess of 35%. 2009 will be challenging, but we're continuing to exercise financial and operational discipline to deliver results. Moving now, to guidance. This quarter we will again provide guidance for our core businesses, which are naming and authentication. Authentication is SSL and IAS as we align to a BU structure. And as a reminder, our guidance includes VeriSign Japan, given its focus on authentication services. Consistent with prior quarters, we are providing guidance one quarter at a time given the uncertainties with regard to the timing of the remaining divestitures. That being said, last quarter we provide a high level guidance around 2009 revenue growth, suggesting we would see double-digit revenue growth. Based on market conditions as we discussed, we now expect that 2009 growth will be at the low-end of the prior range. Before providing detailed guidance for the first quarter, I would like to call out an important change to our non-GAAP reporting as beginning in Q1. We intend to reduce the list of items excluded from our non-GAAP financial information. As an example, previously, we would exclude gains and losses from derivatives and equity investments. Going forward, these gains or losses will be included in our non-GAAP results. We're making these changes in an effort to improve the quality of our earnings, but we also recognize that these changes could cause some confusion when comparing results from year-to-year. As a result, the GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations included in our Investor Relation's website will reflect adjusted non-GAAP results for prior periods to reflect these changes. Over the course of 2008, these changes impacted non-GAAP earnings per share about $0.04 higher. However, the results did vary quarter-to-quarter. This change won't materially impact our results going forward. Moving now to more detailed guidance for the first quarter of 2009; for Q1 we expect revenue for the core businesses will be in the range of $246 million to $251 million or flat to up 2% sequentially. We expect that the Q1 non-GAAP operating margin will be approximately 35%. We also expect that aggregate of items below the operating income line will continue to be similar to this quarter's results. We now expect that the first quarter fully diluted share count will be approximately 194 million shares. Finally, we would expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be consistent with this quarter. In summary, we are pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 and entering into 2009 we remain focused on executing our strategy as we clearly see this is the key to further unlocking shareholder value longer term. We would now like to open the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  And we'll go first to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Hey, guys two questions, First, on the DNS side of the business, as we anniversary the Google AdSense changes, should we expect some of the drag in the online advertising business to lift?
Jim Bidzos: Todd, it’s Jim, let me reiterate what we've told you before, that hasn't changed. So basically when the changes in the Google AdSense program were made initiated, essentially at the beginning of July in 2008. We estimated that the number of, so called, advertising names in the zone were about 8 million and we estimated that roughly half of those, about 4 million, would essentially be washed out by that program. Based on the methods that we use to identify those advertising names in the zone, we standby those numbers, we did say, and we still believe that, first of all, we know that the non-renewals of those names, as they get flushed through the system over the fourth quarter period, is lumpy, its not smooth, and that Q1 is probably going to be the lowest of the four quarters, with respect to those names. So, we're still tracking that. There are other variables obviously, that affect the zone, normal names as well, but for advertising names specifically, the advertising names that we believe were affected by the Google AdSense program; that's the way it still looks to us.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then my second question in terms of operating margins you guys showed very nice improvement last year, even without divesting any of the larger businesses. With the 35% plus guidance this year, you're basically modeling flat operating margins. Should we assume that shared services or margin improvement is totally dependent now on the divestures or is there an opportunity here to take the core business to a more profitable level without the divestures?
Jim Bidzos: Well, Todd, this is Jim, again. I'll let Brian give you a more detailed answer, but let me give you an overview, higher level answer. One of the things that we did around the third quarter of last year is we sort of realigned along business units. There are many benefits associated with that realignment, as opposed to a restructuring; its realignment. And some of the benefits, besides giving us better focus in the core businesses, is that it allowed us to begin identifying those shared services costs that are uniquely associated with one of the business units and move them in. Specifically, we did that so that we could, in fact, get ahead of it in that prior to completing the divestiture process. So, the big picture is that, I think we did some things that positioned us to identify and start optimizing shared services prior to actually getting the divestures complete. There is a lot of other heavy listing that goes on in our financial planning. I'll let Brian talk about.
Brian Robins: Yeah. That's right, Jim. Hey, Todd, this is Brian. As Jim alluded to, we did do a divide and focus strategy where we broke out the divest business and then operating them on a standalone basis. That enabled us to hit our operating margin a quarter early, despite not completing the divestitures. As we gave you updated guidance for the end of the year as a lower part of the range. We aren't reducing our margin profile. So we're continuing to take cost out of the business to hit that. On the shared services side, the remaining cost that we talked about last time that will be to reach once the divestitures are completed are mostly in the data center, but most of the various costs around the company that you're alluding to; we've aggressively taken those out over the last couple of quarters.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Why won't we see operating margins improve as pricing rolls into the DNS side of the business?
Jim Bidzos: Why wouldn't you see operating margins improve, you’ll see pricing roll into the DNS.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Yes. As the price increases actually started flowing through the P&L, why don't your margins try and expand?
Jim Bidzos: Yes. You actually got a mix on revenue, because you have revenue shifting down and then, we're also investing heavily into our infrastructure and the security of the business, and so you know that we invested a lot of money into Titan, where you got a new data center rolling on the last time I talked about our ITN fees going up. There are a lot of one-time fees that we didn't have in 2008 that we're going to have in 2009. In order to achieve those margins we're continuing taking costs out of the business to stay at 35%.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator:  Thank you, we'll go next to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yes. Thanks. I just want to clarify your comment about the 2009 growth, and updating what you said last quarter; I think last quarter you said growth in '09 would be less than '08, but still be double-digits. Is that what you're still saying or you're just saying that its closer to the low end of the double-digit meaning closer to the 10% than something higher?
Jim Bidzos: I think we're saying both the things you just said.
Brian Robins: That's correct, Sterling.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. On the gross margins in the quarter, looking at the gross margins both sequentially and the trend line, was there impact there because of the AUR and SSL or just give us more color as to what happened in the gross margins for the quarter?
Brian Robins: Yes. Great question, Sterling. This is Brian. We had a short-term SOW, where we actually incurred $4 million of cost of revenue greater than previous quarters, which actually impacted our growth margins. Additionally, the data center coming online increased by about $1 million, and then there was some FX exchange relative to our VeriSign's Japan subsidiary.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. And the last question, I wasn't clear. Jim, as you're talking about the divestures, I just want to make sure I understand. As you think about the three bundles that were there and looking at the announcement from today on the 3United. Are you now saying that you're willing to kind of breakup those bundles to get the divestures done and behind you rather than kind of doing the three big bundle type of sale strategy that you had before?
Jim Bidzos: Well, Sterling, I wouldn't go as far as to say it was our intention to demonstrate or send a message that we're willing to do that. I think it does say, however, that we are willing to be flexible that we're very determined and I'm personally very focused as is Mark, as is Brian on getting the divestures done. If it makes sense and it doesn't affect the integrity of the bundle, in fact, as Mark was involved in designing it, as was myself and some other folks about a year and a half ago. That was a carefully designed bundle to maintain a certain amount of integrity and sort of sensible approach to the market. So to the extent that it doesn't negatively impact that design, I am sure, I think we would be willing to do those sorts of things, in order to move some of these businesses and the associated expense.
Brian Robins: Sterling this is Brain. On top of that, I think, it just shows the commitment to our strategy to move forward with the divestures.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, we'll go next to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Hi, guys. Just want to touch on the SSL business. I think you mentioned that you could potentially see revenue get into the single-digit range. Just wondering, if you could discuss what your sort of expectation is for, maybe, growth in that base, but then also, just ASPs going forward.
Jim Bidzos: Well, let me tell you. In the same quarter last year we were talking about 13% unit growth and 9% revenue growth. So in a sense our revenue growth is single-digit technically. I think we're seeing in that business, pretty much what we described and we're not really reading anything more into the numbers. We are the largest market shareholder in the high-end. We are the largest owner of revenue in that market. The room that we have to grow is in the lower-end of the market and we see that with the much higher growth rate associated with GeoTrust Certificate. So I think for that reason, as we continue to gain market share at low-end. I think you can expect to see the AURs drop. And we're talking about barely over 1% as, for example, a drop of $251 to $248 this quarter. Pretty consistent with I believe a $3 drop that we had last in the prior quarter. So those numbers, to us are not surprising at all. They're entirely consistent with what see when we put the individual growth rates of the various brands under a magnifying glass. So we see the market growing and I think it's generally the macroeconomic conditions that are causing people to sort of be more careful, more growth on the low end, a little bit of slowing of EV adoption. I think there is really not much more to it then those things that we observe.
Ken Bond:  Phil, I'd just add one another thing on that high end part of the range; that we have such a strong mark leadership position there that we're somewhat constrained in that our growth there somewhat of a function of the segment growth itself.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: And also, just very quickly, just on the renewal rates, obviously, you've discussed it being negatively impacted by online driven; but also just macro? In the previous cycle it got down into the 50s and even at one point touching the 40s. What’s different about this cycle than the last and where would you expect renewal rates to bottom out at?
Mark McLaughlin: Hi, this is Mark. I don't think we see anything near what we saw in the downturn. You said, referring to when the bubble burst, and primarily the reason for that, is back then, what we saw was the business models and the domain name business that weren't yet baked at all, so, there was a tremendous amount of name given away for free by registrars that went into the base with some wild attempts at monetization. When that didn't play out, they deleted them wholesale. So, those sorts of programs haven't existed for years here, so I don't think we would go anywhere near that at all.
Jim Bidzos:  If I can just add to that, too. We mentioned renewal rates basically going from 72% to 70% rounded. I think it would be fair to point out, if we just take the number of one digit to the right of the decimal point, 72 was 71.6 rounded up, and 70 was 70.4 rounded down. So, if the difference appears to be two full percentage points it's actually roughly 1.2.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs:  Good afternoon, everyone. Just a question on the slowing in the new name ads. How does that impact your decision on price increases; and does that, with the current tough time that we're in, mean there is less inelasticity of demand?
Mark McLaughlin: Yeah. Hi, Sarah. This is Mark I’ll take that one. 
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Hi Mark.
Mark McLaughlin: Good to talk to you again. We view these things as just completely separate. They are not related, so, from a price increase standpoint, as you know, we have the right to raise prices under the contract and we take a look at that on a one at a time basis at the appropriate time. And we take into account the market conditions around that, primarily related to whether those price increases would have a negative impact on our business either from number the names coming into the system or for other reasons that are broader in the community. So, we will take a look at that one at a time and, as far as the impact from that, we hadn't seen an impact in the past from a price increase standpoint in the number of new units coming in today. So I am not sure that that would change in the future.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Sure. Makes sense. Good to have you back as well. Just on the gross margin side benefits, if I could come back just to your comment on that one-off, or kind of temporary impact, of $4 million. Does that fade next quarter, so we go back to gross margins to something more like 78% or does it effectively have an impact through 2009 and kind of fades through the year?
Mark McLaughlin: There was a three quarter project that started in 3Q, 4Q was the highest and it will roll-off in Q1. When we gave our guidance before, it was baked into our numbers, and as we gave our guidance it's baked into our 1Q numbers as well.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So that 35% operating margin effectively probably still has a hit of maybe a 100 bps on the gross margin side. Is that the way think about it?
Mark McLaughlin: That would be correct.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. On the SSL side of the business, can you give us a sense of the renewal rate is or how that's been tracking?
Mark McLaughlin: This is Mark. Hi, Rob.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi.
Mark McLaughlin: On the renewal rates side of the business, we're seeing a slowdown in renewals just like we would see in our naming business, but I think that's no different from the total market we're living in right now.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Any sense of what the magnitude is, Mark, or just where you guys are?
Ken Bond: A 50% to 60% kind of range, Rob.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: I'm sorry, Ken?
Ken Bond: A 50 percent to 60 percent kind of range.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Is what the renewal rate is?
Ken Bond: Yeah.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. And then what's the average life you're seeing right now and how does that compare to the last couple of quarters?
Ken Bond: Really, it hasn't changed too much on the average life. Certificates, are right in the range of 16 months, or right above there. It moves a little, like fraction, in a month, but its right around 16.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Cowen and Company.
Ken Long - Cowen and Company: Hi guys. This is Ken Long for Walter. Kind of back on the SSL, with AUR going down, is there anything outside of mix that's driving that down, perhaps some pricing pressure from your customers?
Jim Bidzos: This is Jim. No. Not that we can see at all. In fact, if you look across the brand, there is actually growth in each of the components and at each segment of the market. It's literally just simply the fact that GeoTrust component is growing much faster than the others. So, there is not a slowdown anywhere, and again, the low end is where we don't have the strong market share that we have in the high end. So, there are some competitive pressures out there but the segments are growing and GeoTrust is growing faster. That, I believe, is the sole reason that we can identify that the AURs declined at roughly 1% per quarter that we are seeing in the last couple of quarters.
Ken Long - Cowen and Company: And then, I guess, with the low end being, sort of, the fastest growing sector, I mean, you got guys like Go Daddy out there selling them for pretty cheap. Is there anything you guys are doing to try to get a bigger share of the market?
Mark McLaughlin: We continue to compete with the brands in the lower end of market as well. You know, we have our blanket brands out that are doing very, very well even on a relative basis to lower end brands of the market.
Jim Bidzos:  I have seen some surveys that say that the low end of the market is growing faster and that competitors are gaining, but, I think some of those surveys you have to be careful about some of the data that comes out of them. Most of them look at public-facing certificates not certificates behind the firewall. There is a huge difference there.
Ken Long - Cowen and Company: Yeah, of course. Okay, great. Thanks guys. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  We'll go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird:  Hi, onto the domain name side; I would just like to get some color on your decision to no longer break out the online names. It seems that you benefit by segregating it. You can see that your traditional business grow maybe 16% in units in this recent quarter if you would take the drag off, I was just wondering what some of the thinking is behind that? 
Mark McLaughlin :  Just as a percentage of the base? This is Mark, sorry. Just a percentage of the base, looking at about 7% today, and that will be certainly sub 5%, we believe, by mid-year and maybe even lower after that. So, it's just not a significant portion of the business. If that changed, we would be back to talking about it, but there is really no reason to deal with those kinds of numbers.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Brian, a couple of questions for you. Cash flow from operations has been running about $100 million a quarter. Is that still a reasonable expectation for us in 2009? And can you offer any insight into what capital expenditures might be in 2009? Thanks.
Brian Robins: Yes, this is Brian. Cash flow from operations, $100 million, a little north of a $100 million, I would say, and then from a capital perspective what we said before, it's still consistent with about 8% to 10% of revenue.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies:  Hi. Good afternoon. I think you gave some color on domain name growth and the adjusted zone for March. How can you be sure that won't be down; that domain names won't be down quarter-on-quarter? What gives that comfort?
Mark McLaughlin: Hi, this is Mark. A mix of things. The base itself generally consists of two things. One, is the number of new names coming in the system, and then the second, is the renewal rate of the names in the system itself. So, when we look at the analysis on both of those from a new name perspective, what our data would show us is Q1 being the strongest quarter generally in the year, plus the renewal rates, given what we said earlier, in the 70%, plus or minus two percent points on the high side of that. You take and mix that math and it looks like the base would not be going backwards.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay, fair enough. And then on the divestures; are there any financing issues or lack of interest because it seems like if there aren't, and you said in the past it hasn't been the case, isn't it just a question of you guys accepting a lower price and just kind of being done with it?
Jim Bidzos: Well, that's certainly a component. I don't think it's quite as simple as you make it out. We've had strategic buyers for whom the businesses make a lot of sense. In one case, in the case of one bundle, we have a buyer engaged. The sole issue there is financing. There's been progress at a snail's pace and I think that's just simply a function of the economy. The credit markets are frozen and it's really very difficult; very few deals are getting done. So that's one example. In other cases, we have buyers, we are engaged. There are some discussions about price. Let me put it this way, if price were the only issue, I think we would have sold these businesses by now. We are moving slower. We're revisiting the process with the sort of strategy of how we're approaching selling and divest business and we're exploring some new ideas, but our commitment to move the businesses out hasn't changed, and I'm reaffirming that commitment now that we will sell those businesses.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Garrett Bekker of Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Garrett Bekker - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon, Jim, you had talked about some new services in the past around the DNS business, so, just wondering if you could give us an update on the status of those and where you're at with that? 
Jim Bidzos:  Sure. We actually rolled out into beta something called VIDN, VeriSign Internet Defense Network. This is something we talked about several times that is of particular interest to large organizations, registrars, others who occupy certain issues in the operation of the internet. This is where, essentially, we can use the expertise that we've developed in understanding how attacks are mounted against our network and to share that expertise and provide that capability to others who operate in an environment where uptime is important, obviously, financial institutions and other folks, who provide online services. So, there's I think a very good example. We've talked also about data analytics. That's something that we're looking at and working on. Part of the benefit of having Mark come back, after having been with the company for a while, is that a lot of those projects that didn't get funded because resources were going more towards acquisitions at the time, we are reviewing a number of those. We have opportunities that we're looking at. We continue to invest in project Titan, as well, obviously. But I point out VIDN is something that's out of the door now in beta, physically at customers, very good response, totally new offering. Simply a result of the fact that a lot of what VeriSign does cannot be supported by off-the-shelf products for the enterprise and we have to develop it ourselves and that, of course, creates opportunities that we can leverage and that's the best example I can give you.
Garrett Bekker - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks, that's helpful. Maybe just one follow-up on the SSL side as well. Apparently there is a security issue related to the MD5 hashing algorithm on the RapidSSL search. Just maybe could you speak to that a little bit, and did that have any impact to the SSL business in 4Q?
Jim Bidzos: Now, going backwards, the answer is no. It didn't have any impact on the business that was not unknown and anticipated. We actually were well on top of that. For those out there who don't know, MD5 is a component algorithm that is part of the algorithm suite that's employed to produce a thing called a digital signature. All of these algorithms were developed primarily by RSA, a company that ran in the 80's and 90's, and we knew that MD5 was basically getting long in its shoes. We were well into a process of basically updating the systems and moving beyond it, and so, we were actually on top of it when the researchers who we know very well and know exactly what they were doing, they exploited one small known weakness and, basically, developed a way by which they could sort of crack one digital signature by getting a huge computing resource to work for several months all at once. And so, long before this was ever turned into anything that could be exploited, we'd essentially rendered the issue moot by replacing the systems in the field. We were ahead of that one.
Garrett Bekker - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And what's the process for customers who had some of those certificates to maybe switchover?
Jim Bidzos: We issue new certificates to them.
Garrett Bekker - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much.
Jim Bidzos: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, we'll take our next question from Rob Sanderson with Broadpoint.AmTech.
Rob Sanderson - Broadpoint.AmTech: Yeah, thank you. Lots of the questions have been answered. Thanks for that. One question that we haven't talked about is your appetite for share re-purchase. I think you left the last quarter with around 950 million remaining on an authorization, picked up a couple of million here this quarter. But what's the current thinking on share re-purchase given the blooming macro environment that you're describing?
Jim Bidzos: I think, like everybody else has done, we're taking a cautious view. We think that our balance sheet is one of our great assets as I mentioned in the prepared remarks earlier. I think it's just one of our great strengths that, while some companies, many companies, are struggling to survive, taking desperate measures in order to do that, they have no capital with which to grow or invest and we have quite a bit of it. So certainly in a market condition where cash is king, we want to be cautious about that, but I also want to underscore our commitment to returning shareholder value in a way that makes the most sense. I think, as you pointed out, the fact that we were buying back in Q4, I think, speaks volumes about that. I don't know what the statistics are, but I would venture to guess that not too many companies were buying their shares back in Q4, but we're still committed to returning shareholder values in the best way. Just given the environment, we are more cautious and certainly want to make sure that's the best use of our cash.
Rob Sanderson - Broadpoint.AmTech:  Is it fair to think that as you progress through the year and, at some point hopefully, we start to see a light at end of the tunnel, can we expect you to start becoming more aggressive? If you could just sort of frame the shape of a macro recovery?
Jim Bidzos:  Well, I don't think I want to speculate about what we'll do when and if things turn better this year, certainly the forecast I've seen and the comments I've seen and economists seem to indicate that most people, the consensus seems to be that we, haven't hit the bottom yet and we're not likely to get our way out of this year, but I would love to be wrong about that. I don't want to speculate about what we'll do differently, we're certainly well positioned. We did end the year with over $800 million in cash. We actually crossed over $1 billion just recently. So, again I think, that that sort of strength in the balance sheet is a tremendous asset, especially, as I said, if this downturn becomes an extended one. If this continues well into 2010, I think that the debt cash is going to be a powerful asset, a powerful weapon for us. We can continue to invest in growth. We can continue to pursue these new opportunities in the core adjacencies. We don't have to raise a penny to do it. We can do pretty much everything we wanted to do, that we set out to do. We talked about achieving operating margin goals, et cetera. We have been able to do that without even completing the divestures. So, I'm just reluctant to say what we would do if everything turned around and we sold the divest companies and we were in a different position. Certainly we'd have a wonderful range of options to choose from then, but we earn without options today.
Rob Sanderson - Broadpoint.AmTech: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And, we'll take our final question from Fred Ziegel with Mackinac Research.
Fred Ziegel - Mackinac Research: Hi, everybody. Jim, I guess a framework question around the PKI WiMAX opportunity. How do you think about that or how should we think about that. I know it's obviously a very early on market, but what do you think the opportunity is there?
Jim Bidzos: I'm glad you asked that question. I'm actually excited and proud of the fact we were selected to provide CA services to that community. Long ago when this company was founded, the idea, the vision, was to build a company that provided trusted third party services, that as people started to set up networks, intranets, ad hoc networks, specialized networks, public networks, where security would be crucially important, and here wireless, obviously, is an excellent example of that, that they would basically come to the logical choice, which is a trusted third party, whose existence depends on its ability to successfully operate a CA in a very trusted, capable way. And, I think our long history of having done that for 14 years, of having operated the security infrastructure for e-commerce, for example, very successfully, is probably something that weighed very heavily in their decision to do it. So, I hope that this is the beginning of other operations and other projects that start to secure the broad public network. The internet, its components and parts of it and when those people realize that they need certificate services and they need certificate authority to provide them, that's what we're here for. So, I'm really encouraged and excited about it.
Fred Ziegel - Mackinac Research: So, in terms of WiMAX specifically, would you be partnering with people like Clearwire and the DeviceGuys or is it something that a WiMAX customer would load separately. And, I guess the second question is, to the extent that there's an Obama broadband initiative, how do you think you plan that?
Jim Bidzos: Well maybe I can just offer up a short example. So, back in the 90’s, in the early 90’s, around 1993 and 1994. We worked with a number of set-top manufacturers to develop a standard or, so called, key management. They wanted to secure the content that they delivered. In fact, a lot of people have a set-top box on top of their TV today that allows them to receive content and other services that's secured. That protects everyone, it protects the content providers; it protects the service provider. In a very similar way WiMAX, I think, will. That was a model for WiMAX. So the user doesn't see it. It's really transparent. Security succeeds when it's transparent, absolutely secure and the user doesn't even see the costs. It's built into the systems they're receiving. So, I think of that as a model, and again, I think VeriSign is the company that has the means, the network, the experience, the trust as a third party to these various vendors. So, WiMAX is just an example of a standard that develops, that requires, the use of encryption. You have got to manage the keys; you've got to manage trust and integrity in that network. And we're just basically a service provider who is invisible to the end user, but we provide a critical component. It couldn't work without somebody playing that role.
Operator: Thank you and with that I would like to turn the program back over to Mr. Ken Bond for any additional or closing comments.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. We anticipate our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our first quarter 2009 results, will be held on Thursday, May 7th at 2 PM. Pacific time. We expect to provide final confirmation of this date on April 1st, the first business day after the close of quarter. I would also like to remind you that in light of regulation; FD, VeriSign plans to retain its long standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and Good evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - VP, IR & Corporate Communications Jim Bidzos - EC and Interim President and CEO Brian Robins - Acting CFO
Analysts: Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Garrett Becker - Merrill Lynch Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Co Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Rob Sanderson - American Technology Katherine Egbert - Jefferies Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan
Operator: Good day and welcome to this VeriSign Incorporated third quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Bond. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond:  Thank you, Jennifer. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign’s third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications and I am here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and Interim President and CEO of VeriSign along with Brian Robins, our acting Chief Financial Officer. A replay of this call will be available beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time via telephone at 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 for international callers and will be available through November 12. The pass code for both numbers is 3410716. The press release and financial information discussed on today’s conference call is available on the Investor Relations website at investor.verisign.com. The Q3 2008 press release is also available on FirstCall, MarketWire, as well as our website. For those of you joining us via webcast, we also invite you to view the slide presentation, which accompanies today’s conference call. These same slides will be available for download from our website after the call. Financial results in today’s press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Additionally, financial results in today’s press release and the matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and a description of items excluded in our non-GAAP financial information is located on the VeriSign Investor Relations website as well. Also let me quickly mention that we expect to file our 10-Q no later than next Monday. And as a reminder, our Analyst Day originally scheduled for November 12th has been deferred to 2009. In a moment, Jim and Brian will provide some prepared remarks and afterwards, we will open up the call to your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks Ken. I am pleased to report that our core businesses had a very solid quarter in what are certainly extraordinary times like most we never would have predicted that the markets and our own stock would have turned down as much as they have. However even with the heightened uncertainty around global market conditions I feel very good about our business, which I will discuss in more detail later on the call. I would like to start with a brief overview of our financial results, which Brian will discuss later in greater detail followed by a review of our business and operating results for the third quarter. From there, I would like to touch on some areas that we believe are particular interest to investors based on conversations we've had with shareholders including how the current economic environment has the potential to impact our core businesses and update on our divesture activities as well as our executive search currently underway. Brian will then discuss the financial results for the third quarter and provide limited guidance before we move to the Q&A portion of the call. I am pleased to report that our core businesses had a very solid quarter. Revenue for core businesses was $240 million, which was at the higher end of our revenue guidance of $236 to $241 million. We also saw continued improvements in our core operating margins, which came in at 35.5%. Last November, we set the goal of improving our operating margins to 35% or higher by the end of the year. So, we're very pleased to have achieved this goal a quarter ahead of schedule. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.25 and includes a three penny charge to EPS for a write-down related to investments affected by the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy. Excluding this charge, EPS would have been $0.28 compared with the consensus estimate of $0.26. Brian will discuss this further during his comments. Q3 was also a solid quarter for businesses we intend to divest as these businesses delivered bottom line results as we expected making for a solid quarter all around. I would like to thank all of our employees for their focus and continued commitment to VeriSign. And while not technically a part of Q3 results, last month we closed the sale of our remaining 49% interest in the Jamba joint venture to News Corporation for approximately $200 million Moving now to a business review of our core businesses for the third quarter, I would like to start with naming. Our naming business continued to show good growth with the adjusted zone for registered names and .com and. net totaling 89.4 million names at the end of the quarter, an increase of 16% year-over-year. In total, we processed 6.9 million new domain name registrations during the quarter compared with 7.5 million names during the same quarter last year. The decline was largely expected as new name registrations and renewals for online advertising were down sharply from year ago levels largely reflecting changes in Google's AdSense program. As a result, online advertising now represents 8% of the adjusted zone down from 9% last quarter. As a reminder, Google modified the smart pricing feature of its AdSense program in June, which impacted the profitability of web pages in the program. We now expect that the renewal rate for names related to online advertising will be lower well into 2009 as the impact of Google's program changes fully working through the adjusted zone. At the same time, we're also feeling the effects of lowering internet advertising spending in general. While the specific data points vary among research reports, the theme that internet advertising growth has slowed dramatically this year and will likely slow again next year is consistent and this affects our naming business. As a result, the percentage of new name registrations represented by online advertising was 6% this quarter down from 9% last quarter and down from historical highs last year. Turning to traditional names, which now represent 92% of the adjusted zone. New name registrations during the third quarter were approximately $6.4 million, 2% lower than the same quarter last year. We monitor registry activity on a continuous basis and the October registration activity for North America in particular has also been a little lower than what we would expect to see. On a net basis, we added 2.1 million names to the adjusted zone this quarter including a net increase of 2.7 million traditional names and a decline of 600,000 online advertising names as we expected. As registrars forecast that economic conditions will contribute to lower than expected growth rates coupled with continued weakness in online advertising, we are internally forecasting the adjusted zone will increase 1 to 2 million names during the fourth quarter. Even as we're seeing declines in online advertising, and some signs of possible slowing in traditional names within North America, we're also seeing continued growth in international markets, markets where we focused our efforts to develop regions for growth potential in both .com and .net overtime. While overall growth may be slowing, we note that the growth of the adjusted zone is consistent with all other TLD on a combined basis excluding China which is offering domain names at heavily subsidized prices. The renewal rate for Q2 was 73% down from 74% in Q1 due to the transition currently underway in online advertising. While renewal rates are not fully determinable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe the renewal rate for Q3 will be 1% to 2% lower almost entirely attributable to the transition in online advertising and the exit of a few large online advertisers some in response to industry litigation. As a reminder, on October 1st registry fees for .com and .net names increased by 7% and 10% respectively to $6.86 and $4.23 per year which at these prices, we believe continues to be an outstanding value. Finally, our internet infrastructure continues to operate at ever increasing levels and recently we saw peak loads of over 50 billion DNS requests per day, as our systems again demonstrated VeriSign's capability of operating global networks at this scale and reliability remains unparalleled due in large part to our continued investment in infrastructure such as Project Titan. As a reminder, no one else has operated a global network infrastructure of this nature at this volume level with 100% uptime over the last ten years even as we remain the most attacked global network on the planet. Moving to our security services. Our second core franchise SSL saw the installed base for his quarter increased to 195,000 certificates compared with 156,000 last quarter and 957,000 the same quarter last year. We're very pleased that this growth represents 4% sequential unit growth and 14% year-over-year growth in the base. Third quarter SSL revenue increased 12% year-over-year and the annualized average unit revenue or AUR for the installed base of VeriSign, GeoTrust and Thawte branded certificate was down slightly to $253 from $258 last quarter. The lower AUR reflects the continuation of product mix shifts, which we discussed last quarter as GeoTrust continues to grow faster than the overall portfolio. Looking forward, we expect that GeoTrust will continue to grow faster meaning we expect to see further AUR declines as unit volumes grow faster than revenues. While still a small portion of our SSL business, extended validation or EV certificate sales continued to be strong as we more than doubled the units sold a year ago and we remain the number one provider of EV certificate with market share of over 75% However, as discussed last quarter, we continue to see the effect of the economic slowdown on EV adoption as large scale customers again ordered less than what we expected. We will likely see the mainstream adoption of EV certificates pushed out until we see improvements in the broader economy. This quarter we also began to observe a subtle shift in buying patterns within some large scale customers as we're seeing smaller, but more frequent orders than we have in the past periods. While this does not appear to have directly affected the overall usage of certificates, it does suggest that our customers are managing their certificate requirements carefully. And it’s another example of how the weakening economy has the potential to affect our business. Should this trend continues, the net effect is that some portion of certificate sales to these customers is being deferred, which could cause SSL revenue growth to be slightly lower than the double digit revenue growth, we discussed in the past. Again, should this trend continue? Now I would like to share some comments on the progress of our identity and authentication services business. Within IAS, we have now distributed more than 2 million credentials as part of the VIP and onetime password programs. While we're optimizing our market approach to reflect current economic conditions, we believe that are many strengths provide the potential for IAS to become our third core franchise. I would now like to comment on some areas that we believe are of interest to investors including how the current economic environment is affecting our core businesses and update on our divesture activities as well as our executive search currently underway. Over the last 90 days, we have been observing the financial crisis as is unfolds and we're constantly assessing how VeriSign is being affected. I want to be clear and acknowledge the obvious. Our businesses along with virtually every business is being affected by broader market conditions. The divesture sales process has been slowed, mainstream adoption of EV certificates has been pushed out, and we've seen some effects to our naming and SSL businesses, which I will discuss in a moment. In helping investors better understand how the changing markets could affect VeriSign, I would like to share some insight on what we see as being risks and opportunities, while we do not see each and every risks materializing into reality. We do recognize that given the current environment investors want to understand the range of possibilities. Before discussing what we see as some of the general risks, I would like to comment on what we see as opportunities. Our strategy, as we shared it with you in the past remains unchanged as we're focusing the company to grow businesses, while exiting a number of good but non-strategic businesses. We believe this strategy along with the focus on improving our capital structure will provide for better shareholder value overtime. Our core businesses are growing with revenue growth of 18% year-over-year this quarter. Operating margins are expanding in this quarter, we achieved our year end target of a 35% operating margin a quarter ahead of schedule. The balance sheet is strong with over $650 million in cash and investments plus another $200 million from the Jamba sale. We have a proven ability to generate positive cash flow with cash flow from operations of $115 million this quarter. We recognize these are difficult times and while many companies will struggle to weather the downturn, we expect to strengthen our competitive position. We will be aggressive and leverage our financial strength to compete vigorously in our core markets and we expect we will make investments to stimulate growth in our core businesses and adjacencies. Let me be clear that I am not signaling a return of active M&A as it means to bring growth. Likewise, I am not suggesting these investments have any serious or detrimental effects to our commitment to improving operating margins. In the past we've discussed marginal investments to further grow in our core businesses and adjacencies. This is what I am talking about. In summary, what I am saying is, is that the strength of our balance sheet and consistent cash flow should allow us to continue investing in our core and adjacent markets even where there maybe no capital available. Not all companies are in the same position of strength, including some of our competitors and are being forced to cut people and investments just to survive. As a result, we're in a position to do what others cannot do especially should we see an extended downturn. Moving now to a discussion of areas, which we see has potential risks. As we have previously said, the weakening economy has impacted the divesture process as well as having some effect on EV adoption. With the further weakening of the economy, it should come as no surprise that we continue to feel these effects. Looking further into our core businesses, we also see some risks that the growth of the traditional name portion of our naming business could flow. During the month of October we observed some softness in new name registrations of traditional names in North America. While we're working this issue actively with registrars, we should be clear that this is only one month of activity for one region in which we operate our registry business. As discussed earlier, the online advertising portion of the naming business, which accounts for 8% of the adjusted zone, is seeing pronounced weakness due in part to changes in Google's AdSense program and lower spending trends in internet advertising. Our naming business also has opportunities which we're continuing to develop including the extension of.com and .net to international markets such as India, china and Latina America. Additionally the next couple of quarters, we expect to bring to market new services which leverage our existing capabilities and experience. Returning to our SSL business the main effects of the economic slowdown is a slowing of EV adoption and more recently the emergence of a subtle shift in buying patterns with some large scale customers which I mentioned earlier. While there is some risks around the uptake of EV certificates, we believe that mainstream adoption is just a matter of time, as customer feedback has been consistent and clear about the benefits of EV certificates. One area of risk that we believe is given too much of credit is whether we're seeing any signs of cannibalization to our VeriSign branded certificate in light of the declining AUR. The reality is that we're seeing good unit growth across all brands and the AUR decline is simply a matter of lower priced certificates selling faster than high end certificates. Our market share with high-end VersiSign certificate is very strong and growth here is a function of segment growth as well as our ability to up sell from Thawte and GeoTrust brands to VeriSign more so than market share gains. Thawte and GeoTrust brands are targeted to mid and low end segments of the market, where our market share is not as strong providing what we believe are good growth opportunities, as these markets are growing faster than the high end market and it also leave room for market share gains. Finally on SSL, we continue to see good growth opportunities for all certificate brands in international markets. Our IAS business is still in the early stages of growth making it difficult to know what effects if any the economic environment is having on this business beyond the general market trends. In summary, while it is difficult to know with certainty, how the current deteriorating economic conditions will affect our core business on an absolute basis, I feel very good about the opportunities; we have as well as our performance on a relative basis. I would like to now turn to the current status of our divesture efforts. As we discussed last quarter, our divesture effort is the primary area, where we're feeling the effects of the economic downturn. While there continues to be good interest and the remaining businesses being divested, the sale process is taking longer and proving to be more complicated than we originally anticipated. Consistent with comments from last quarter, buyers are taking more conservative postures and more recently credit market issues are impacting some deals making it difficult to bring deals to closure. The good news is that we have already sold five smaller businesses including content delivery services, retail data solutions, digital brand management services, self care and analytics, communications consulting, plus the remaining interest in the Jamba joint venture collectively the net proceeds from these sales has been approximately $275 million. While, we have not yet sold any of the major bundles, we are making progress in focusing the company on our core businesses. There remains some possibility that we maybe able to complete a transaction on one of the major bundles this year, but our experience last quarter reminded us we are getting close to completion is not what matters. As a result, we continue to actively work with potential buyers and remain cautious in our expectations around timing. With that in mind, I would like to reaffirm for you all that our strategy to divest non-core businesses and focus on core businesses built on internet infrastructure services is the right course of action. In these difficult times it would be easy for us to second guess ourselves, but when the going gets tough the tough keep going and we will keep going until we completed the restructuring we setout to do including the divesture of all non-core businesses and reducing the shared services costs to fit the new smaller size of the company. As Brian will discuss later, our disciplined management of non-core businesses again led to solid operating performance. We will continue to maintain our disciplined management approach through the current transition and beyond. Finally, I would like to provide a quick update on the search for a permanent CEO. Since last quarter, we retained a search firm and I have spoken with a number of candidates. In general we've been pleased with the quality of candidates. However, the search process has confirmed what we knew, as we began the process. The nature of our business requires a diverse set of skills as the naming and security businesses have striking differences between them. Additionally, the challenge in managing businesses on each side of the country has become even clearer. As we started this process in August, we decided it was most important that we find the right candidate. We believe that given the complexity of our businesses, our priority is the right one. I am actively engaged in the management of our business and I am committed to staying here as long as it takes to find the right candidate. In light of the executive turnover, we are seeing over the last year, I can appreciate the desire to see a new permanent CEO named. However, in addition to us waiting to find the right candidate, I think it is important to keep a couple of points in mind. First is that we're on our way to becoming a much smaller company. While we have seen a number of management departures over the last year, it has not been our intent to fill all those vacancies, as they're not needed as part of the company's smaller footprint. Second is that the leadership of our three core businesses continues to be very capably managed by leaders, who collectively have almost 30 years of experience with VeriSign and each having been here at least nine years. Between I, these core leaders and the remainder of our senior leadership team, we continue to drive the company forward in the execution of our strategic plan. As we said before, 2008 is going to be a very interesting year with a lot of moving parts. Obviously with the markets as they are we're seeing the divesture timeline extended somewhat but our belief that VeriSign will be a leaner, meaner, more profitable as well as better positioned company for future success remains unchanged. We remain focused on protecting and growing our core businesses, executing on the sale of non-core businesses and rightsizing our business once the divestures are complete. The importance of executing on planned investments in an expedient manner remains the top priority and we remind ourselves that while these events are important, the key to unlocking shareholder value will be driven by what happens in our core businesses more so than the timing or sales proceeds of non-core businesses. I would now like to turn the call over to Brian for a walkthrough of our financial results for the third quarter as well as guidance. Brian.
Brian Robins: Thanks, Jim. And thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before we dig into the results for the core businesses, I would like to provide a few comments on those businesses we intend to divest especially in light of the current macroeconomic environment. As Jim discussed, we remain committed to our strategy to focus the company on internet infrastructure services and to divest of non-core assets. However, as discussed last quarter it will take more time than we originally anticipated due in large part to the broader market conditions. Likewise, the completion of transition services will be further out than we originally anticipated. In the meantime, we continue to manage these businesses with great diligence under our divide and focus management strategy. While there has been some slowing in the non-core businesses, our disciplined management approach has led to the bottom line resulting being on track with plans. From a reporting perspective, we continue to move those businesses, we intend to divest into discontinued operations. This quarter the messaging and postpaid billing businesses were moved into discontinued operations. As a result, only a couple of small businesses that we intend to exit or divest now remain in continuing operations and in aggregate these businesses accounted for approximately $6 million in revenue this quarter. Last quarter, we discussed our intention to obtain audit carve-out financial statements for the enterprise security services and messaging bundles. In addition to the previously completed audit of the communications bundle. We have now completed the audit for enterprise security services, and we expect to have the messaging audit complete in the first quarter of 2009. Moving now to a more detailed discussion of results for our core businesses. Q3 was another solid quarter. Revenue of our core businesses came in near the high end of our guidance at $240 million up 3% sequentially and up 18% year-over-year. Growth was largely driven by continued strength in our core businesses with naming up in excess of 20% year-over-year and SSL up 12% year-over-year. Turning now to operating margins. As we continue to exercise financial discipline in managing our business, we're seeing the operating margin improvements as reflected in non-GAAP core operating margins of 35.5% for the quarter achieving our year end target of 35% or higher operating margins a quarter ahead of schedule. This represents an incremental improvement of 130 basis points from last quarter and improvement of 520 basis points from the first quarter. Non-GAAP cost of revenue and operating expense for the core business were $155 million, up slightly over $1 million on an absolute basis. We continue to grow revenue faster than expenses and in this quarter we again benefited from lower labor costs both direct and contingent workforce consistent with the continuing trend of headcount reductions. Additionally, equipment and software expenses were lower this quarter due to favorable contract renewals. As expected, we saw an increase in depreciation and operational expense associated with the startup of Delaware data center and leased expenses associated with the leaseback of buildings here on our Mountain View campus. Below the operating income line, we incurred a non-GAAP loss of approximately $15 million, which represents a significant increase over prior quarters. As Jim discussed earlier, we incurred a charge of approximately $8 million or $0.03 earnings per share due to the investments in the reserve money market funds, whose net asset value fell below $1 per share due to Lehman Brothers Holdings. The impairment charge represents less than 2% of VeriSign's cash and investments as of September 30th, 2008. While the ultimate amount of this loss may change, we currently expect to recover the very large majority of our investment in the reserve funds and we expect we will have more than sufficient liquidity to fund our operations in the near term. Non-GAAP core net income for the third quarter was $48 million resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.25. Excluding the impact from the charge to other income, we would have reported earnings per share for the third quarter of $0.28. This is $0.02 above consensus as a result of solid revenue growth and disciplined expense management. The diluted share count used in EPS calculations was 196 million shares down from approximately 203 million shares last quarter. The decline in shares is due to 4.9 million shares being repurchased with the remainder of shares being fewer common stock equivalents included in the diluted share count. Moving onto the cash flow and balance sheet items both consolidated operating cash flow and free cash flow were strong this quarter coming in at $115 million and $96 million respectively. There were multiple drivers this quarter including continued strength in our core businesses and favorable working capital trends. Consolidated capital expenditures this quarter were $19 million as compared to $34 million in Q2 and $26 million in Q1or roughly $79 million year-to-date. As we noted last quarter, in July we brought online the new data center in Delaware. Our ability to consistently generate solid operating cash flows resulted in our maintaining a strong balance sheet with ending cash, equivalents and restricted cash of over $654 million down approximately $14 million from last quarter. The decline in cash was due in part to the share repurchases of $120 million. Also, early in the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.5 million shares, additionally as the ASR was completed in July; we also received an additional 1.4 million shares as part of the final settlement. In total since resuming the share repurchases, we have repurchased nearly 74 million shares and reduced the common shares outstanding by 30%. Net DSO for the third quarter was 35 days, down from 41 days last quarter, as a result of the increased collections from certain telecommunications customers. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $798 million, up $17 million or 2% from last quarter. The growth in deferred revenue stemming from our core services continues to be strong. We saw year-over-year growth of 18%. We ended the quarter with approximately 3,650 employees, down 150 from last quarter largely due to planned headcount reductions and divestitures. As we've indicated previously, we would expect headcount to continue to decline with the sale of non-core businesses and further reductions in shared services headcount. Moving now to guidance. This quarter, we will again provide guidance for our core businesses which are naming, SSL and IAS. And as a reminder, our guidance includes VeriSign Japan given its focus on SSL and IAS services. However, before providing guidance for Q4, I would like to share with you how we're managing our business in these challenging economic times. While the final outcome of the current economic environment is beyond our control, there are several actions we have and will continue to take towards the goal of continuing the expansion of our operating margins. As a part of the restructuring of the company, we've already taken steps to reduce overhead and shared services costs. We're being aggressive on a number of fronts with particular focus on our headcount, which is at the core is the single largest cost factor in running the company. Since the beginning of the year we've already reduced headcount by 640 people and by continuing to aggressively manage headcount, we are in a position to align our cost outlook with revenue projections. Likewise, we're able to take similar actions around project expenses given us a good degree of confidence in our ability to meet our objective of improving operating margins overtime. Jim discussed the financial strength of VeriSign earlier, as here where the strengths matter most as we work to make the investments, we need to further future growth yet still meet near term objectives. Moving now to guidance for the fourth quarter. For Q4, we expect revenue for the core businesses will be in the range of $242 to $247 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 14% to 16%. As discussed for sometime we expect that Q4 non-GAAP operating margin will be 35% or higher. We also expect that aggregate of items for the operating income line will be similar to this quarter's result excluding the $8 million charge discussed earlier due to continued expectations that interest income will be lower this year on both lower cash balances and interest rates. Finally, we now expect that the fourth quarter fully diluted share count will be approximately 196 million shares. Looking further into our Q4 guidance, we expect, we will meet our full year revenue guidance calling for growth of 18% to 20%. This quarter we've already met guidance calling for 2008 exit rate operating margins of 35% or higher then we expect to repeat this performance in Q4. And we've already reduced the share count below 200 million shares as projected. In total, we're pleased as we met are appeared to be on track to meet all the full year financial targets discussed last November. And we're achieving these results in the midst of a weakening economy and without the benefit of having a completed for sale of any of the major bundles. We remain committed to the sale of the non-core businesses and we look forward to the time, where we will see the benefits of these sales in our operating results. As a reminder, our normal practice is to provide guidance one quarter at a time. However, given the macroeconomic uncertainties and heightened investor concerns, we think it makes sense for us to provide some initial comments to bracket revenue growth for 2009. In general we feel good about our business. We also recognize that we've already seen some effect to our business from the weakening economy as discussed earlier. And it is not clear whether we'll see more. As a result, we believe that 2009 revenue growth will be lower than this year, but still in double digit range. In summary, we're very pleased with our business execution in the third quarter particularly as it relates to revenue growth from the core business as well as non-GAAP operating margin expansions. We remain focused on executing our strategy, as we clearly see this is the key to further unlocking shareholder value longer term. We now like to open the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Hi, how are you?
Jim Bidzos: Good, Todd. How are you?
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Good. Two questions for you. One, if you could talk about your appetite for stock buyback with the stock here versus conservatism in the markets we face? And then secondly on the DNS side with the pretty broad guidance range hereof $1 to $2 million net adds this quarter, if we look into '09, what's the likelihood that you could see net adds go below a million in a quarter in '09? Do you think that's a pretty good baseline given what you've seen here in the October month?
Brian Robins: Todd, this is Brian. I will take the buyback. As you know, we currently have $1 billion authorized. Also the process of buying back shares can be limited when we're in possession of material nonpublic information. So, for example, we had the Jamba JV last quarter, which is a good example. Overtime we're extremely committed to improving our capital structure and we're taking a conservative view to cash management in light of the liquidity crisis now the macro economy.
Ken Bond: Todd, it is Ken. I will jump in on that second part of that question talking about the possibility of $1 million names or lower going. To be really honest with you that's really hard for us to call. What we really want to do here in this call was kind of give you a good view of what we're seeing not only for Q3, but you heard some of the comments that Jim and Brian made about the early part of the quarter, specifically October, seeing a little bit of softness there in North America specifically. We want to be very careful here to not try and extrapolate; one data point does not make a trend. So this is some of the background behind why we've got that guidance range of $1 to $2 for next quarter. I think what we really need to do is just see a little bit more time unfold here try to get a sense here as to whether or not these macro effect is coming in or whether or not this is just a one quarter blip. Jim, any further?
Jim Bidzos: Hi, Todd, it is Jim. I would add to that, there is a couple of different moving parts here. One is of course the advertising names, which we know are being essentially flushed out of the system, which will take a few more quarters. So we can expect to see some advertising name decline. The small decline the 2% decline that we had in the so called normal names is much smaller and I think that business is obviously that part of the business is nowhere near as volatile and it’s much more predictable and stable. So, how those two wash out is really hard to predict. I think we need a little bit more data before we can say that. Obviously anything is possible, but I think once these advertising names wash out, the ability to forecast and predict the business will improve dramatically.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Hi. I want to focus on the expense front for a little bit, especially when you start to think about next year. You mentioned growth coming in a little bit slower than this year. But how should we think about operating expenses in light of just the macro uncertainty, especially as you do just continue to grow the high profit margin businesses?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. On the expense side as I alluded to in my prepared comments, we have the ability to control our expenses, and what we've done internally is, we make sure that we have revenue attainment before we actually spend the dollar. So we're actually trending below on headcount now on wait and see mode on the macroeconomics and then as we invest in new projects, we'll do milestone based spending. So from a margin perspective, we recommitted to ending this year at 35% or higher and you can expect that or higher next year.  
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Garrett Becker with Merrill Lynch.
Garrett Becker - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking the call. I just wonder if you can drill down a little bit into the operating margins. There is a number of moving parts in there. You had the lease expenses and the ICANN fees, wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on how you got to that and how we should think about that going forward?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. Similar to the prior comment, we've been able to achieve the 35% operating margins a quarter early and that was really when we originally planned that the assumption was that we would have some of the divestitures completed by now. And so the divide and focus strategy that we put in place about three quarters ago has really been paying dividends. Each of the individual businesses has been performing at or better than planned and we've been able to extract more costs out of the business quicker than we originally anticipated. As I also discussed in my prepared comments, there was a couple things that came on line this quarter that were new expenses that weren't in prior quarters. One is the Delaware Data Center came on line and that was an increase of approximately $1.5 to $2 million at quarter and you can expect that on an ongoing basis. Additionally, we reported last quarter that we sold two buildings here in the Mountain View campus and so we have about $1 million quarterly increase for the sale of those buildings because we did a two and a half year leaseback. Also last call I mentioned that the ICANN fees have gone up slightly. So, there are a number of new fees coming on line, but we're managing the variable costs to really deliver the margins that we delivered this quarter. Garrett Becker - Merrill Lynch Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Then we'll take our next question from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking my question. Can I come back to the guidance because it still leaves a lot of room for us to go off and interpret differently for 2009? So, you say growing double digits but less than what you grew this year that would still be a range from 10 to 18. Could you help put your arms around a little bit if the environment stays like October, so call that kind of base case or perhaps base to worst case is that 10% type growth? And then if we start to see some improvements that's where we would get up into more than mid-teens. I would love to get a little bit more color about how you're thinking about that.
Jim Bidzos: Hi, Sarah. This is Jim. Let me take a shot at it. First of all, October I think is not enough data for a number of reasons. You have to realize and I think you do realize there are a lot of different factors at work here, a lot of unparallel major influences. Even if we assume that the economic slowdown sort of stayed at the rate that it is at, it really depends on a number of other factors besides that. For example, advertising names play a very, very large role in this. The impact of that we can't quite see yet. The financial sector is a very, very large part of the market for our certificate business. How they continue to do will make a very large difference in how that particular business performs. Last quarter I talked at great length about these marginal investments that we were going to make in the core and core adjacencies. We have made those. We continue to make them and we expect that they're going to help us to continue as we talked about last quarter to add the sprinkle growth into those core businesses that we want to do because they're so profitable. So, it’s until all of that comes together, a month's worth of data is just isn't enough for us to feel comfortable giving you anything more. It’s essentially be a projection even based on the assumption that the economic conditions continue just as they are.
Brian Robins: And Sara just to add a little bit of color on that, however, given the environment we had a choice either to provide some element of discussion or just stay quiet on this. We felt that given the circumstance and the environment it would be more appropriate for just to give you a little bit of color, it is a wide range. We recognized that and that's reflective of the environment. But again the bracketing here is just so that people don't get nervous and start calling for things to be maybe lower than they really should be. Last quarter as an example we talked about domain name growth and we thought that, that might be in the same range or a little bit lower. We want to make sure by bracketing domain name growth this quarter we said $1 to $2 million we don't want people running after it for example saying that the domain name growth might be only a half a million names.
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then, when you look out into '09 from a margin perspective clearly you're seeing expansion. How much of that is, you actually able to kind of almost frontline costs keep taking heads out of the organization and so on versus getting the fact that you will see double digit growth, you will get some leverage of the top-line. Is it 50/50? I'm trying to get a sense for a slower growth. How much more margin we would still get versus higher growth?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. 50/50 is a good split. There is a number of things that you will do take costs out of the business. As we alluded to in the past as we complete the divestitures due to accounting standards there are some costs that are shared currently today that will go away, and as we continue to look to streamline the smaller footprint of the company. Also, as you alluded to the revenue growth, we will also provide increased margin
Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs: That’s very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Good afternoon, everyone. As you talk about the advertising related names washing out over the next year, is it going to take all of 2009 or should we see a more pure base in the back half of 2009 and that being said, what are your thoughts on retention? Should you see half or little less than half of the names of the 8%?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. This is Jim. So, first of all, at the time that Google made their change in June, the effects were almost immediate. They started to roll in July. We started to feel them then. But basically pushing that out twelve months, I think the answer to your question is that the later is more true that we should start to see a more advertising name free adjusted zone towards the later half of 2009. We won't have to wait until the end of the calendar year in order to see how that shakes out. Based on some analytics that we do which we think are fairly comprehensive and accurate at this point we have identified about $8 million names that we think are advertising names. Last quarter when we talked to you we made, what we thought was a conservative estimate that roughly half of those names, $4 million would wash through the system over the following four quarters putting us roughly just past the midpoint of next year and we haven't changed our thinking on that.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Great. So, most of those names are one year in duration to begin with?
Jim Bidzos: Well, as the nonperforming names, essentially the changes in the AdSense program incentivized domainers to basically remove the nonperforming names from their portfolio, which translates into don't renew them and so it will take roughly four quarters to wash all of them out.
Brian Robins:  That's correct.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest:  Right.
Jim Bidzos: Thanks, Rob. Anything else?
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Nope. Thank you.
Jim Bidzos: Okay.
Operator: And we'll go next to Walter Pritchard with Cowen & Co.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Co: Two questions. One, just on the CEO search, Jim, are you finding it easier or harder versus three months ago just given the environment to attract the kind of candidate you're looking for?
Jim Bidzos: Well, I will give you maybe a more detailed answer to that question that you maybe look for. It was a little bit easy at first. We had some initial candidates and then it slowed down as the economic impact was felt. I think people settled in and said, "well, I need to see what happens and where things go". And I suspect that as it does settle down and if it is a prolonged downturn, people will come to understand that and I think that VeriSign is a company with a very, very strong balance sheet, good strong core businesses will be a very attractive place for the very best candidate. So kind of slowed down a little bit, but I expect it to get much easier.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Co: And then just on the naming side of the business, you mentioned you're seeing some starting-ness and softness in the new names on the core side. Are you seeing any change in the renewal rate of those core .com, .net names?
Jim Bidzos: Well, we mentioned that we expect the renewal rate to come down a point or two.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Co: But that sounds like it is related to advertising, right?
Jim Bidzos: I think that's the majority of the impact. But we have to remember too that the change in new names for the so called normal name is nowhere near as dramatic as it is for advertising. So given what we see in advertising, I think you can see the changes in the renewal rates should be very small.
Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Co: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: A couple of questions. First of all, Brian, at the end of the year you were hoping to realize about $40 million of shared service expense benefit. Was all of that realized in the third quarter or is there still some incremental element of that $40 million to still be realized in the fourth quarter?
Jim Bidzos: Most of that has been realized quarterly and taking it out on quarterly basis, we will continue to remove shared services costs throughout the year. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're down over 500 headcount for the year, and as we continue to sell off businesses and consolidate the shared services, we'll continue to extract that out.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And can you tell us what the revenue was from the discontinued operations in the period?
Brian Robins: Yes. So, the core operations, was $240 million. The continuing operations, that was in the core was $6 million. And then the discontinued operations let me pull it up real quickly.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Sanderson with American Technology.
Rob Sanderson - American Technology: Hi, thank you. I guess, we will have to get back to the answer on the other one there. But my question was stock repurchase. Brian I think you mentioned 3.5 that we repurchased in October after the close of the quarter and another 1.4 from the ASR. First, did I get that right and if so what was the average price on that?
Jim Bidzos: That is correct. Before I answer that the $143 million was from discontinued operations Steve, we got cut off. So, you are correct, $3.5 million was from the share repurchase and then we had an additional $1.4 million shares from the ASR. The price on that was--
Brian Robins: 34.91
Jim Bidzos: The average price on that was 34.91.
Rob Sanderson - American Technology: Thanks. And then I think you mentioned your appetite and the balance was increased cash discipline given the current environment. I think $650 million on the balance sheet and generated about $150 from operations in the quarter. Would you see any reason why you would want to carry a greater cash balance than you have now or what are we talking about with respect to cash discipline here?
Brian Robins: Yeah. Just quickly correct, it’s $650 million in cash now plus the $200 million that we received from Jamba and it was actually $115 million in cash flow for the quarter.
Rob Sanderson - American Technology: Right. So 850 plus 150 in ops, but what is the right cash balance to carry given the current environment?
Brian Robins: That’s a great question. I think you see a lot of companies going right now viewing cash as king just because the liquidity crisis out there and folks are being a little bit more conservative. I think I would probably turn back to our business model. We accrete a lot of cash on a daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly basis and so there is not a need to carry that much cash. When we look to deploy our cash, first and foremost, we look to do it on a risk adjusted basis as Jim said and investing back into our core products and leveraging the vast infrastructure that we currently have today. As we have done in the past and we continue to evaluate returning cash to shareholders as well through stock repurchases.
Rob Sanderson - American Technology: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Hi. When do you expect to have a new CEO? You previous said by the end of the year. It sounds like it may take longer now. Could you give any new information there?
Jim Bidzos:  Yeah. We were hopeful that we could do it by the end of the year. We didn't commit to do that and it doesn't look like we're going to get there. So, I am not going to make a prediction, but we're working on it.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. And then Brian, it looks like payables and accrued expenses are way down in the quarter. How much was payables down during the quarter?
Brian Robins: Accounts payable?
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Yes.
Brian Robins: Is that in the press release? I am just curious, Katherine. I apologize for asking. But it seems so obvious we don't have that right here.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: It is combined payables and accrued expenses. I am wondering what the payables piece, how much that is down, if there was significant impact on the cash flow?
Brian Robins: Okay. So, let’s go now and I’ll pull that up and then get back to you later on the call.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer & Co.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co: Thank you. Good afternoon. And thank you for taking my question. I had two quick questions. On the restructuring process, if you can provide us with slightly more color, apparently what appears to be more of the market right now do you find that for some of the efforts you're trying to sell there is a number of competing properties out there that kind of any way make your life a little more problematic in trying to sell those? Is that the case or is it just capital markets conditions?
Jim Bidzos: This is Jim. No, that's not the case. There aren't competing properties; that isn't the issue. As we mentioned, we did sell five smaller businesses and we sold our share in the Jamba joint venture. But of the remaining bundles that we have, I can give you a little bit of detail there. We have one bundle that we think we're essentially at the end of the process. The issue there is credit. This is a buyer, who requires financing. And it’s essentially the price of money today, the interest rates that are the difference and when that deal gets done. The other two are in negotiations with buyers. As far as I know there are no competing properties that those buyers are looking at and those buyers don't need to finance their purchases. So we've done many different things. We didn't get into all of the detail but obviously one of the things that we've done is focused on buyers who do not need financing, where it was possible for to us do that. No competitive issues.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co: And that's quite helpful. And maybe one more general question already two years into contract with ICANN since extended back I believe in November '06. What is the next time or with respect to the process that you go back to ICANN and start the renegotiation process?
Jim Bidzos: Well the contract for .com renews in 2012. So, there are performance criteria that we meet of course and we are meeting, and we do have a presumptive right of renewals. But that's four years from now.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co: And I would imagine the renegotiations start probably ahead of that, is it a year, is it eighteen months, or --
Jim Bidzos: I think last year that the process began in under a year prior to the actual renewals.
Shaul Eyal - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our last question will come from Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Morgan.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon.
Jim Bidzos: Hi, Scott.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: A couple questions here. First of all I'm trying to understand a little better the margins and the potential and the operating margins. Have you given a thought of how many basis points the shared costs are currently pressuring margins, another way of asking is if all the discontinued ops were out of the business, how much margin improvement do you think would happen just from shared costs?
Jim Bidzos: That's a good question. We reorganized our headcount this year to be more direct towards the product. So, we could actually have more accountability and transparency within the business. And so it’s changing overtime, you're starting to see that come out. We're able to achieve our 35% exit rate a quarter earlier and you are actually seeing that earlier in time. We haven't committed to 2009 operating margin at this point. But we do have great visibility into the expense and with slightly lower revenue growth for next year, we'll be able to maintain and expand those margins.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. So you're committing to expand the margins to some degree next year?
Jim Bidzos: Correct.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: A couple more questions. Can you give the base domain names international or the growth rates you're seeing in international? It’s just a small base and you are seeing good growth and are you putting more resources towards that?
Jim Bidzos: Well, we are. We actually see international as one of our strong growth areas. We've been doing some campaigns down in Brazil. We see India and China as other areas, all be at a smaller number. Those growth rates are much higher than the North American growth rates.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. Last question I had is there any update on the impact or the opportunities in the new TLDs?
Jim Bidzos: Well, I can give you a brief update. This is Jim. You may have seen an article in the online Wall Street journal yesterday that talked about this. And this just shows you how complicated the process is. According to this article some pushback from intellectual property holders, who are very concerned about the added expense that unlimited gTLDs might cause for them and their efforts to protect their intellectual property. So, they gave some very good examples about Marriott as the hotel maybe getting Marriott .hotel, Marriott .vacation, et cetera. But if you have to go out and essentially protect your IP in a vast wilderness of unlimited gTLDs, that would impose a very high cost for you to do that, a very large investment for which there is no guaranteed return. And the article concluded that .com was the powerful brand and probably would continue into the future that way.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Just a follow-up on that. Is that causing any slowdown in people doing current .com and .net sign ups or is that necessarily having no impact there?
Jim Bidzos: None that we can measure.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session today. At this time Mr. Bond, I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing comments.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Jennifer. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call will reflect our fourth quarter 2008 results and will be held on Thursday, February 5th, at 2 PM Pacific time. Final confirmation of the date will be provided on January 2nd the first business day after the close of quarter. I would also like to remind you that in light of regulation FD, VeriSign plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on the financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. We thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes the call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Executive: Ken Bond - Vice President of Investor Relations Jim Bidzos - Executive Chairman, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Robins - Acting Chief Financial Officer
Analyst: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Walter Pritchard - Cowen & Company Rob Sanderson - American Technology Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers Manish Hemrajani - Oppenheimer Garrett Becker - Merrill Lynch Katherine Egbert - Jefferies Fred Ziegel - Soleil Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to this VeriSign, Incorporated Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Bond. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Bond - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you Robby. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us for VeriSign’s second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I am here today with Jim Bidzos, Executive Chairman and Interim President and CEO of VeriSign and Brian Robins, our acting Chief Financial Officer. A replay of this call will be available beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time via telephone at 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 for international callers and will be available through August 12. The pass code for both numbers is 9794237. The press release and financial information discussed on today’s conference call are available on the Investor Relations website at investor.verisign.com. The Q2 2008 press release is available on FirstCall, Market Wire, as well as the VeriSign Investor Relations website. For those of you joining us via webcast, we also invite you to view the slide presentation, which accompanies today’s conference call. These same slides will be available for download from our website after the call. Financial results in today’s press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Additionally, financial results in today’s press release and matters we will be discussing today include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and a description of items excluded in our non-GAAP financial information is located on the VeriSign Investor Relations website. Also let me quickly mention that we expect to file our 10-Q no later than next Monday. As an early reminder, our Analyst Day originally scheduled for September has been moved to November 12 in New York City at the Western Hotel near Times Square. In a moment, Jim and Brian will provide some prepared remarks and afterwards, we will open up the call to your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. We anticipate the call will end before 3 PM Pacific Time. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Bidzos - Executive Chairman, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Ken. In this call, I would like to start with comments on key announcements we made during the quarter, followed by a review of our business and operating results for Q2. From there, I would like to touch on some areas that we believe are of particular interest to investors based on conversations we’ve had with shareholders including how we are managing the business overall and an update on our divestiture activities. Brian will then discuss the financial results for the second quarter and provide limited guidance before we move to the Q&A portion of the call. As we announced in early July, we made a management change and I assumed the role of President and CEO on an interim basis in addition to being named Executive Chairman. Subsequent to that announcement, we spoke with a number of shareholders and analysts, and I would like to share with you some insights from those discussions. Most important is that our strategy has not changed. We remain focused on protecting and growing our core businesses, executing on the sale of non-core businesses, and rightsizing our business once the divestitures are complete. As we look to grow the core, we will continue to invest in those opportunities where we expect to see solid returns on a risk adjusted basis. Let’s be clear that these modest investments do not signal the return of an M&A growth-oriented strategy, nor do they signal any significant change to the improvements in operating margin that we expect to see. We’ve also made very good strides in addressing our capital structure but we are not done and we believe the capital structure changes will remain an area where we can further unlock shareholder value. Q2 was a solid quarter driven primarily by our core franchises of Naming and SSL. We reported core revenue of 233 million, which was at the high-end of our 228 to 233 million guidance. Additionally, businesses we intend to divest performed better than expected again making for a solid quarter all around and I would like to thank all of our employees for their focus and continued commitment to VeriSign. The non-GAAP operating margin for our core businesses during the second quarter was 34.2%. We are pleased with this result as it puts us in a very good position to achieve our Q4 exit rate target of 35% or higher. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the core businesses was $0.25, $0.02 ahead of consensus estimates due to strong revenue growth and lower than expected operating expenses. As announced in February, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase $600 million of shares. The ASR agreement was completed in July when we received an additional 1.4 million shares over and above the 15.1 million shares we received in Q1. Also in July, following completion of the ASR, we repurchased 3.5 million shares. These shares as well as the incremental 1.4 million shares received as part of the ASR completion will be reflected in the Q3 share count which Brian will discuss later. This week, the Board of Directors approved an increase to the total amount authorized for share repurchases. As of this week, we now have $1 billion authorized and available for share repurchases. Since recommencing share repurchases last year, we’ve reduced the common shares outstanding by more than 28% over the last four quarters. Moving now to business metrics for the second quarter, I would like to talk a bit about our core businesses starting with Naming. Our Naming business continues to show good growth as the adjusted zone for registered names in dot-com and dot-net totaled 87.3 million names at the end of the quarter compared with 84.4 million names last quarter, a sequential increase of 3% and an increase of 20% year-over-year. Historically, the second quarter is seasonally weaker for adjusted zone growth and the net increase of 2.9 million names this quarter reflects that normal seasonality for traditional naming customers. As discussed in the past, our Naming business includes domains registered by registrars who operate in many industry segments. Traditional names represent 91% of the adjusted zone, while names registered for the purpose of online advertising represents 9%. This quarter’s net increase reflects some weakness among a few online advertising customers largely resulting from changes in Google Smart pricing program with Adsense, especially with regard to less valued Adsense words. Additionally, industry litigation around the use of certain domains in online advertising discussed in Q4 is affecting the space as well. A percentage of new name registrations represented by online advertising was 8.5% this quarter, down from a historical high of 12% in Q2 of last year. We believe that the new policy implemented by ICANN in July with regard to the five day grace period will cost some lower valued names to not be registered. However, a healthy portion of online advertising Naming customers are not solely reliant on the five-day grace period.  Registrars with bifurcated models using their own tools or the daily analyzer tool we make available to all registrars continue to have active and healthy portfolios. Over the remainder of this year, we are internally forecasting a slowing of growth related to names registered and renewed for the purpose of online advertising. However we are also forecasting increased traditional name growth from international markets, especially those markets we’ve targeted with distributor and end-user domain campaign. To be clear the challenges being discussed today have been limited to our online advertising business. In total, we processed 7.5 million new domain name registrations during the quarter compared with 7.1 million names last year. The underlying growth drivers are consistent with prior quarters as we saw a solid growth in both US and international regions. While we continue to see solid growth domestically, we also continue to develop our international opportunities, regions that we see as showing significant growth potential for both dot.com and dot.net overtime. We also saw continued growth from most customer segments including traditional corporate, SMB and consumer. This growth reflects unit growth and the entrance of new registrars in key customer segments and growing international markets. The renewal rate for Q1 was 74% consistent with Q4. Renewal rates are not determinable until 45 days after the end of the quarter. As a result, we report renewal rates on a one quarter lag. As a reminder, we announced in March that effective October 1st, registry fees for dot-com and dot-net names will increase by 7% and 10% respectively to $6.86 and $4.23 per year, which at these prices we believe continues to be an outstanding value. Finally, our internet infrastructure continues to operate at ever increasing levels and recently we saw peak loads of over 48 billion DNS requests per day as our systems again demonstrated VeriSign’s capability of being able to operate global networks at this scale and reliability remains unparalleled due in large part to our continued investment in infrastructure such as project Titan. And my thanks to all the employees who work in our tech operations’ facilities that keep uptime record for us. In summary, no one else, no one has operated a global network infrastructure of this nature, at this volume level or with 100% uptime over the last 10 years, even as we remain the most attacked global network on the planet Moving to our security services, our second core franchise, SSL saw the install base for the quarter increase to 1,056,000 certificates compared with 1,024,000 last quarter and 923,000 in the same quarter last year. We are very pleased as this growth represents 3% sequential growth and 14% year-over-year growth in the base. The Q2 annualized average unit revenue or AUR for the install base of VeriSign, GeoTrust and Thawte branded certificates was $258 this quarter, down from $261 last quarter and up from $256 the same quarter last year. The sequential decline in AUR was the result of continued shifts in product mix as GeoTrust continues to grow faster than the overall portfolio. Looking forward, order shifts and product mix coupled with international expansion could result in further AUR decline; however continued strong growth in the number of certificates leave our revenue expectations for low double-digit growth intact. While still a small portion of our SSL business, we continue to be pleased with the results of our extended validation or EV certificates, as nearly 6000 internet domains have gone green with EV. Q2 demand for EV certificates continued to be strong as we more than doubled the units sold a year ago. We are seeing a growing stream of customers including Banc of America, Aetna, Buy.com, General Electric, Money Bank and JP Morgan Chase amongst others go green with EV. A necessary foundation to displaying the green bar and ramping our EV business, our EV-capable browser, such as Microsoft, Internet Explorer 7, Firefox 3, and Opera 9.5. Currently, EV-capable browsers represent just over 50% of the market and as this continues to grow, this should only help further the growth of EV certificates. We also continue to work with customers to document the benefits they are seeing with EV certificates including higher click-through rates and lower abandonment rates has got customers recognize the green bar and the VeriSign seal which is now seen approximately 150 million times a day. In summary, we are pleased with progress in this business as we remain the #1 provider of EV certificates with market share of 75% and growing as measured by a third party research firm. Coming into 2008, we set aggressive goals for our EV Certificate orders and while we are pleased with all the positive signs, this quarter we started seeing some effects of the economic slowdown. EV adoption within large scale customers was less than what we had hoped for and we could see the order acceleration we expected for later this year being pushed out. Now I would like to share some comments on the progress of our identify and authentication services business. Within IAS, the strength continues with VIP and one-time password programs as we have now distributed more than 1.9 million credentials and we continue to be pleased with the strong uptake of credentials by consumers and we expect to see this adoption continue to ramp. We believe that IAS has the potential to form a third core franchise for the company over the next few years. This quarter we also announced that VeriSign was selected by Microsoft as an OpenID provider for users of HealthVault(TM), a free service that enables consumers to store and manage their health information online. In working with Microsoft on HealthVault(TM), we are able to combine the convenience of OpenID single sign-on with second factor authentication under the VeriSin VIP program. I would now like to comment on some areas that we believe are of interest to investors based on discussions we’ve had over the last month since the management change. After announcing our strategy to focus on core businesses, we organized our management team using a divided focus approach and have been pleased that as a company we remain focused on continuing to protect and grow our core businesses. We have also been able to maintain operating continuity for those businesses being divested which again performed above plan. In addition to managing the businesses day-to-day and executing on plan, we are also investing for growth in next generation products and services which fit our D&A ground global scale and trust. These investments are what I would describe as marginal with little to no effect on our operating margin expectations for continued improvement. Moving now to an update on our divestiture efforts, this is the primary area where we are feeling the effects of the economic downturn, as it has become clear over the last few weeks that the sale process will take longer and be more complicated than we originally anticipated. We’ve expected and have seen a normal removal of potential buyers as we work our way through the sales process, but a longer timeframe for completing the divestitures is reflective of the broader economic environment. As market conditions have worsened, buyers are taking more conservative postures, making it difficult to bring deals to closure, and it has become apparent that the approaches to deals we believe would work at the beginning of the sales process will not work today. As recently as late July, we were in very advanced discussions with potential buyers for two of our largest businesses, but these discussions have now been suspended. As an example, one of the divestitures we expected to announce during Q2 was delayed by a very late-stage requirement calling for audited carve-out financial statements, even though the potential buyer had initially agreed no audit would be required. In addition, we could not reach an agreement regarding certain key closing conditions. As another example, the other divestiture stalled because the potential buyer decided the environment and timing are not right for them. As a result, we’re adapting to the weaker economic environment and we’ve already begun the process of ensuring that we have audited carve-out financial statements for each of the larger divest business units. We have already completed the audit process for one of these businesses and are aggressively working to complete the process for the other two businesses as soon as practical. While recent events would suggest it will now take longer than our original expectation to complete the divestiture plan, our commitment to sell these and other non-core businesses has not changed. And as recently as this week, the Board reaffirmed its commitment to the divestiture strategy. We fully expect that these businesses will be sold. As Brian will discuss later, our disciplined management of non-core businesses again led to better than expected operating performance. The importance of executing on planned divestments in an expedient manner remains a top priority. But we remind ourselves that while these events are important, the key to unlocking shareholder value will be driven by what happens in our core businesses, more so than the timing or sales proceeds of non-core businesses. As we’ve said before, 2008 is going to be a very interesting year with a lot of moving parts, but the end result that VeriSign will be smaller and a much better positioned company for the future is unchanged. I’d now like to turn the call over to Brian for a walkthrough of our financial results for the second quarter as well as guidance. Brian?
Brian Robins - Acting Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim, and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before looking at the second quarter, let me mention that we expect to file our 10-Q no later than next Monday. Also, I’d like to provide an update on the financial reporting of the businesses we intend to divest and their placement into discontinued operations. As we have said previously, in order for a business to qualify for discontinued operations, it must first meet several criteria, including management having the sufficient authority to sell the business, the business being available for immediate sale, an active program to sell the business having been fully initiated, and its sale being probable within one year. Further, we must conclude there is no significant continuing evolvement in the operations of the business once it is sold. This quarter, we placed the Communications Services business into discontinued operations. Of the businesses being divested, Communications is the largest and most valuable. Discontinued Operations now includes two of the three largest businesses, Communications and Enterprise Security. The other two businesses currently included in discontinued operations are Communications Consulting and International Clearing. The Digital Brand Management Services and Content Delivery Network Services were sold during the second quarter. The historical results of DBMS are reported in discontinued operations. However, because of our equity ownership in Kontiki, the results of this business will remain in continuing operations. The businesses not yet qualified for discontinued operations are messaging, prepaid billing, real-time publishing and postpaid billing. Let me briefly talk about each of these now. Messaging is the third of the three large businesses we are divesting. We began marketing efforts in late May with feedback in early July, showing interest in both parts and the whole of the messaging business. Based on the sales process and the accounting standards, we intend to place messaging into discontinued operations in the third quarter. During the second quarter, we settled litigation matters relating to our prepaid business have decided the best course of actions to wind down that business. We’ve already notified our customers as well as effective employees and the business will remain in continuing operations until it’s completely shut down sometime during the first half of 2009. We expect to begin marketing the real-time publishing business this quarter and we continue to evaluate strategic alternatives for the postpaid billing business. While we are hopeful that we will substantially complete the largest transactions this year, our recent experiences including the macroeconomic environment lead us to believe that some of the divestitures will close in 2009, as Jim alluded to earlier. Lastly, despite the macroeconomic challenges, we are pleased by the operational progress we have made with the variables we can control as we execute on our strategy and move toward our in-state organization. As discussed in our last earnings call, and as Jim mentioned earlier, we have adopted a divide-and-focus approach to run the business. We continue to see the benefits of running core and non-core business as standalone operations, and this focus is reflected in our current financial results. We have taken a number of steps in the first half of 2008 to drive focus, transparency of results, and ownership in the non-core businesses. For each business, we have monthly operating review meetings, cross-functional integrated capital meetings, have substantially completed the in-state org design and have lowered the number of overall people by having dedicated product teams. We’re very happy with our progress to-date. Moving now to a more detailed discussion of results for our core business, Q2 was another solid quarter. Revenue of our core business came in at the high-end of our guidance at 233 million, up 4% sequentially and up 21% year-over-year. The growth was driven again by the continued strength of our core businesses. Turning to operating margins, as we continue to execute our strategy, we are seeing operating leverage is reflected in non-GAAP core operating margins of 34.2% for the quarter. This represents the significant incremental improvement of nearly 400 basis points. These results reflect focused and disciplined expense management around labor and corporate overhead, and they also reflect approximately 100 basis points of improvement due to the deferral of depreciation as our Delaware data center is coming on line in Q3. Non-GAAP cost of revenue and operating expense for the core business were 153 million, down 2 million from last quarter, primarily due to lower labor expenses from both regular and contingent workforces. Below the operating income line, we incurred a non-GAAP loss of approximately 7 million as the interest expense related to our convertible bonds more than offset the interest income. We continue to expect that other income will be negative over the remainder of this year due to lower interest income. We continue to carry less cash in our balance sheet as we have aggressively repurchased shares over the last year. Non-GAAP core net income for the second quarter was 50 million, an increase of 14% over the prior quarter resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.25, $0.02 above our internal plan due to solid revenue results and disciplined expense management. The diluted share count used in EPS calculations was 203 million shares, down from approximately 210 million shares last quarter. Moving on to cash flow and balance sheet items. Operating cash flow for the quarter was strong, $169 million. There were multiple drivers for the strong operating cash flow this quarter, including continued strength in the core business. Our primary businesses of Naming and SSL have very favorable characteristics of receiving cash payments well before revenue has been fully recognized. Over time, we expect we will increase our comments around cash flow measures in discussing our financial performance in addition to the current financial measures. Capital expenditures for the quarter were 34 million. Last month, we brought on line a new data center in Delaware. This data center is a state-of-the-art and now provides the company with two fully hardened data centers with geographic diversity, while still maintaining real-time data replication between the two facilities. Our ability to consistently generate solid operating cash flows resulted in our maintaining a strong balance sheet with ending cash, equivalents and restricted cash of over $669 million, up nearly $137 million from last quarter. In addition to the strong operating cash flow mentioned earlier, we also received nearly 50 million in sales proceeds from the sale of real estate. Lastly on cash, we paid off the $140 million balance on the line of credit this quarter. Net DSO for the second quarter was 41 days, consistent with last quarter. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $780 million, up 19 million or 3% from last quarter. The growth in deferred revenue stemming from core services continued to be strong as we saw year-over-year growth of 17%. We ended the quarter with approximately [1,300] employees, down 250 from last quarter largely due to completed divestitures and planned head count reductions. Head count will continue to decline through the second half of the year with the sales of non-core businesses and further reductions in shared services head count. Moving now to guidance. This quarter we will again provide guidance for our core businesses, which are Naming, SSL and IAS. We also include VeriSign Japan in our core numbers given its focus on SSL and IAS services. For Q3, we expect revenue for the core businesses will be in the range of 236 to $241 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 16 to 19%, leaving us in a very good position to meet our annual guidance calling for full year growth of 18 to 20%. We expect the Q3 non-GAAP operating margin will be similar to this quarter’s 34.2%, give or take a percent. Offsetting the expected continuing improvements in operating margin is the inclusion of depreciation expense not incurred last quarter. Likewise, lease expenses associated with real estate previously owned will impact operating margins. Looking forward, even with likely delays in some of the divestitures, we continue to expect that we will exit 2008 with non-GAAP operating margins of 35% or higher as operating margins will benefit from the actions we have taken in our divide-and-focus approach. We also expect to aggregate of items below the operating income line will be similar to this quarter’s results due to continued expectations that interest income will be lower this year on both lower cash balances and interest rates. Finally, before considering the effect of our convertible debt offering, we now expect that the fully diluted share count will be approximately 198 million shares. The convert could add another 3 to 5 million shares. In summary, we are very pleased with our business execution in the second quarter, particularly as it relates to revenue growth from the core businesses as well as non-GAAP operating margin expansion. We remain focused on executing our strategy as we clearly see this as a key to further unlocking shareholder value longer term. We would now like to open the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we’ll go first to Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. So, on the divestiture timing, I just wanted to be clear, do you expect to get any of the big three divestitures done in ’08 or do you think maybe you are going to have to break up the big three into smaller pieces?
Jim Bidzos: We would like to – of the large divestitures we hope that we get some completed this year.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then, as you look at on all three of the big divestitures, are there still strategic buyers that are interested or are you at a point where it’s mainly just financial buyers?
Jim Bidzos: No, there are still strategic buyers at the table, and in the case of one of the large businesses, we have completed financials and we have a strategic buyer that we are in discussion with. So there is – it is certainly possible that we could still achieve some of the goals we have set for ourselves in ’08, but we are prepared for it to take longer.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then last question, you mentioned kind of what you’ve done with the pacing impact in your own interim model you being a little bit more conservative, but can you quantify that to a certain extent, does the kind of 8% in the mix from online advertisers does that go to 5, 4, how far down does it go?
Jim Bidzos: Can you repeat the question?
Sterling Auty: Yeah. So I am wondering, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that in your internal forecasting that you’ve taken into account the impact from the new ICANN rules on online advertising and pacing and that you kind of assumed a smaller amount of online advertiser names. I am just kind of curious how small do you think that can get in the mix in terms of the percentage?
Jim Bidzos: Got it. So, traditionally Sterling it’s been 8 to 10% of our adjustive zone and then on a new registrations on a quarterly basis it’s been in a range of -- well last year we had a historical high of 12 or at about 8.5%. We do think that it could come down a little from the 8.5% this quarter. We kind of have to wait and see though. To be really honest with you, there is a number of things that are going on here, the Google changes that Jim made reference to earlier, and then as well the ICANN policy change that took effect on July 1. We did see some initial effects in the early part of the month of July, but subsequently since then in the weeks following, we’ve seen it appears to be almost a near recovery of that. So, we are still kind of working our way through to kind of understand what the impact on these changes is going to be.
Sterling Auty: Alright, thank you.
Jim Bidzos: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow: Hi guys. I just want to follow up on the domain name front. You talked about sort of a deceleration there as far as expectations go, so bit of a drop off obviously year-over-year this quarter. What do you think is the appropriate sort of growth of this year, but also when you do put your long-term thinking cap on for just the dot-com and dot-net basis?
Jim Bidzos: Phil I apologize. I think we are having a hard time hearing here trying to make sure we get the gist of the question right before responding.
Phil Winslow: Yeah, it was just the -- what do you expect for growth as far as the second half in dot-com and dot-net in the base and then what is the appropriate long-term growth rate there from a unit perspective not dollar?
Jim Bidzos: Okay. So, in this quarter we saw a net increase of 2.9 million names. Over the last number of quarters, we’ve seen growth rates more in the range of say 3 to 4 million on a quarterly basis, so clearly we are seeing some effect here as a result of the changes we talked about earlier. I think that the results that you saw this quarter are probably indicative of what we might see in the next quarter and then at Q4 we will have to take that one as they come.
Phil Winslow: And then just finally on the SSL certificate side, also just maybe get a sense of the growth in that base there?
Jim Bidzos: The overall growth in SSL that we talked about in the past is we are looking for revenue growth in the low double-digit range, so in the 10 to 12% kind of range and that is indicative of the AUR trends that we talked about earlier, where we do think that due to product mix, there is a potential for the AUR to come down a little bit just due to product mix shift. So what’s that’s telling you essentially is that the unit growth would be higher than the revenue growth.
Phil Winslow: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Frederick Grieb: Hey guys. This is Fred Grieb for Sarah Friar. One quick question on the EV certs. You said you were thinking the uptick was going to push out a bit, should we be thinking middle of 2009 for that now, just kind of wondering when I should be ticking up my ASP for that business?
Jim Bidzos: I think it’s difficult to say exactly when. I mean the two factors that we can see that might be influencing this are; one that we were both quite frankly, we have minimal if any control over. #1 is the general economic conditions. I think there are some people who especially in the larger enterprises who may not be buying as many EV certs for their particular use as they may have. That could change if they start to see success which we believe they are with the certificates that they do deploy. And, the other issue there is the browser base that’s capable of supporting them. So, the trend there is likely to be good, but it’s difficult to say exactly when it’s going to happen. Could be this year, might be past the end of the year.
Frederick Grieb: Okay. And then, one follow-up on the margins. Basically because you guys are kind of taking a little bit more of a growth stance, about how much of the margin expansion once we get to the 35% range do you think is going to come from revenue growth, fixed cost base and how much is going to come from additional cost cutting?
Jim Bidzos: It’s going to be a combination of both. This quarter we had a great quarter of 34.2%. We expect next quarter to be roughly about the same. There is a couple of things that are going to happen in the third quarter that did not happen in the second quarter such as we have an ICANN increase, the Delaware data center is coming on, so we have additional depreciation, also we have the leased expense related to the building sale. So, we are committed to exiting the year at 35% or higher and on a go forward basis it's going to be a mix between the revenue growth and additional savings of the shared services.
Ken Bond: Fred, it’s Ken. Just one thing I want to make sure that does not get lost here is that when we first set out with these targets of 35% or higher, it was based on an expectation of the completion and execution of the divestiture plan that which allowed us to take cost out even with some of those divestitures now pushing out we still will make those targets. I think that's important for folks to keep in mind.
Jim Bidzos: And another point I would like to add as well is that, we plan to make those margin targets while still being able to make these marginal investments that we talked about in growing the core businesses. And so, we are able to do everything that we think represents good solid risk adjusted leveraged opportunities to add incremental revenue.
Frederick Grieb: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker: Hi, guys. I wonder if you can just talk a little bit more broadly in terms of what you’ve seen from a macro environment on the SSL business and the dot-com, dot-net business? And then, how exposed do you think you guys are to potential slowdown and especially if you can talk about kind of July trends, I know you said you saw a little bit of a snap back, but if you look at the traditional side of dot-com, did you see a deceleration in July that was separate and distinct from the online ad? Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: I couldn't hear any of that.
Brian Robins: Todd, we are having a problem on our side hearing. We got the first part. If I got it right, commentary around the macroeconomic environment and how that might be affecting SSL and the Naming business, is that fair?
Todd Raker: Yes, and if you can speak, you had some commentary on the July trends in the net ads around the online advertising, could you comment to the traditional side, the 91% of the basis not impacted here by tasting and did you see any deceleration in July in that portion of the base?
Brian Robins: No. The growth that we saw in Q2 and then the early signs of what we have seen here in Q3 on the traditional name side of the business continue to be strong. To kind of put some perspective on this, in Q2 for the traditional name we saw growth of 21% year-over-year. To kind of put that in perspective, last quarter it was 22% and then a year back it was 23%. So we've actually seen a very good holdup of the traditional naming business.
Jim Bidzos: I think just to put that in some perspective, we’ve been developing a number of different charts here and as I study these and looked at the underlying data, what sort of -- makes an impression on me as I look at these is that we are actually looking at a curve that's a 12 or 13 year curve, essentially since the internet became the worldwide web in the early to mid 90s is when you saw obviously the growth of the web and domain names. And there are lots of different things that have happened that had some impact in the growth of names at that time. But if you are looking at a very very long-term curve, you would expect that by virtue of the absolute number of names that exists that the growth rate will start to slow. And if you take out, eventually you might even refer it to as sort of many bubbles like for example, these advertising names, you see that that curve is actually quite smooth over a long period of time. The market is very resilient. The people who make money selling domain names are very creative. We also have a number of different ways that we can manage that business and also a large number of opportunities to invest for growth and the international space is the best example that I can give you. So, when you put all that together, I think in general that curve is much smoother than the near term data measured in weeks or months or even quarters might suggest.
Todd Raker: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Walter Pritchard with Cowen & Company.
Walter Pritchard: Hey, couple of questions, most of mine have been answered. I guess just on G&A expense, that ticked up a bit this quarter, we were expecting that that may tick down as you just continue to take some of the fixed cost out of the base, what was the reason there?
Brian Robins: As we mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks that G&A also has some of the cost from the discontinued operations and so when you look at some of the cost ties in this sort of transitional period, it’s tough to look at G&A quarter-to-quarter, sales and marketing quarter-to-quarter, cost of revenue quarter-to-quarter, overall operating margin is what you should look at holistically by the business. As we get the businesses divested and get the shared services out, they will be much clear on a go-forward basis.
Walter Pritchard: And can you just give us a sense of how much of the discontinued ops cost is still embedded in G&A? That sounds like the biggest category that that’s still being influenced by?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, we have -- it's a great question and as we go through our in-state organization in doing our planning, we currently try to assess that. There is roughly about $300 million of undefined cost in the business that support both core and non-core and so we are in the process as you currently expect every quarter going through the contracts, the network, the technology and the people and trying dedicate as possible to specific products.
Walter Pritchard: Okay. And then just as it relates to the CEO search, I know maybe pretty early in the process and Jim we just -- many of us just met with you maybe in the last few weeks. But, any update on candidates there or that process in general?
Jim Bidzos: Any update on …
Walter Pritchard: Sorry, CEO search?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. So, basically I have over the last month during July, I have interviewed the number of search firms. We had a Board meeting this week and I believe we have selected one I would like to tell that myself and not do it on this call. So, the immediate progress report is the selection of the search firm to work with.
Walter Pritchard: And then just last question on the EV, somebody ask similar to this but just as a clarification, it just seems like that most of the EV search have been sold into large customers and it seems like it’s still not a very big line item and you are talking at most a couple of thousand dollars. I am just wondering why you are seeing economic impact there, if you just elaborate a little bit more on that?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, economic impact that we are seeing is actually the largest enterprise customers and the financial institutions are going through a lot of turmoil right now and so really it’s more of a focused issues. You know, with the results are on track, the curve that we are talking about is getting pushed back a quarter, two quarters, but we are happy with the progress that we are making on that.
Walter Pritchard: Yeah, don’t underestimate also how many certificates some of these large organization have. So, upgrading them all at once might actually be a number that’s significant enough for them to have their attention drawn to?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, that’s the point I was going to hit that it’s not that we are seeing any kind of disappointment here Walter I mean, the 100% year-over-year growth. But as Jim kind of points out what you might expect enterprises might take larger volume of EV certificates, they are just slowing down a little bit on the adoption on EV. They are taking in total the same numbers certs, just a little bit less on the EV is kind of distract with other issues.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thanks a lot.
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, okay.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will go next to Rob Sanderson with American Technology.
Rob Sanderson: Yeah, thank you and good afternoon. First, a question for Brian. For the third quarter you mentioned incremental depreciation expense and lease expense on properties you previously owned. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the total incremental that we should be thinking about for the third quarter?
Brian Robins : Just in this category it’s about 4 to $6 million.
Rob Sanderson: Terrific, thanks. And then, second question on the PPC online advertising customers, you said 8.5% of the base. How do you know what names are pay-per-click driven? Is it really best guess or do you somehow know with certainty what kind of customer type that registers what names?
Brian Robins : One more time please.
Rob Sanderson: Sure, the online advertising customers 8.5% of the base. How do you know what names are pay-per-click driven and is there some way that you know with certainty or is just a best guess estimate?
Brian Robins : We have a proprietary index that we use in determination that basically we use consistently over time to measure what portion of the base is paper-click driven or online advertiser oriented. It's a consistent measure and approach that we use to determine that and so this quarter it's 8.5% it’s been as high as historical high, a little over 10% of the adjusted zone in total.
Rob Sanderson: Okay, thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Israel Hernandez with Lehman Brothers.
Israel Hernandez: Hey guys. You talked about rolling out the new services around the core DNS and SSL business, can you give us an update as to where we stand with those and how long before we start seeing some services out of VeriSign. We are talking about sometime 2009, 2010 what's the timeline there? Thanks.
Jim Bidzos: Israel, look for those new services probably coming in the later part of this year. Some of these are actually out in beta data form already with customer. I think we are at those near stages where we are getting ready to go with them live. We are pretty close there. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Manish Hemrajani with Oppenheimer.
Manish Hemrajani: Hi, guys. You mentioned that you had about 7.5 million new domain names in the quarter. Could you give out the number of renewals?
Brian Robins: The renewal was little over 12 million.
Manish Hemrajani:
 :
Brian Robins: That’s exactly. VeriSign was up, Thawte was flat quarter-to-quarter and within GeoTrust there is two brands rapid SSL. We made a concerted effort this quarter to actually go after the low end of the market and we are successful in that, so we had more units at less cost per unit which lowered AUR.
Manish Hemrajani: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Garrett Becker with Merrill Lynch.
Garrett Becker: Hi, good afternoon. Excuse me, I think most of mine have been answered. But I was wondering, I know it’s a little bit early, but perhaps you could talk about some of the new initiatives that Icon has put forward in terms of opening up the global top level domains and just how you think that may impact your business going forward?
Jim Bidzos: Sure. I am certainly talking about the GTLDs that they have announced that they will open up in the future. So, first of all, we think that’s good that creates a larger space, it creates more names, it’s good for the internet. The internet is good for us. In the short-term, we find it difficult to assess the negative, any negative impact. I would say it’s more neutral to positive. First of all, ICANN has announced that they will be publishing a process by which parties can apply for new GTLDs that looks like it will not be a direct and simple process, it will – your application will have to be accompanied by a seven figure application fee, a million dollars that comes along with it. So, after that happens at some point in time there will be new GTLDs that are available. So I am assuming that some people actually get into that business. I think that it’s probably a safe bet that not all of them will be entirely successful in it that may end up benefiting us. I believe there are people who will go into that business with the intention from the beginning of contracting VeriSign to provide that service on their behalf, so that could be good for us. In terms of the domain names themselves, it’s hard to see any short-term negative impact. An example I would give you is if somebody acquired and begin operating dot-hotel and let’s say that marriott.hotel, I really don’t think anybody believes that they are going to abandon marriott.com because they did that or fail to revenue marriott.com because they bought marriott.hotel. So, again in the near-term, it seems neutral to positive from where we sit.
Garrett Becker: Okay, great, that’s helpful. And then just one small one, could you -- can you give us an update on maybe dotTV within the base how that’s been trending and any chance you can give us an update on the number?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, actually dotTV is doing pretty well, still fairly small numbers, its’ below a million names, but it is actually growing faster from a unit basis than the overall adjusted zone. The other thing I would add there is to keep in mind that the price put on dotTV is quite a bit higher than dot-net or dot-com name at the price over $20 per name. So, it’s moving along very nicely as well as we get better price points on it.
Garrett Becker: Great. Thanks, that’s all I have.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert: Hi, good afternoon. Can you just – again, you know, I am going to ask this Ken, your operating margin on a long-term basis, you had said a while ago would be above 35%. Can you tell us actually to where it might be in the out years?
Brian Robins: This is Brian. We have reconfirmed today that we’ll exit the year at 35% or higher. This year is a bit tricky from an accounting standpoint. We are making good progress in setting up the in-state organization and bifurcating the costs between the discontinued business and the continued businesses. But at this point, I can’t give you any further information.
Jim Bidzos: Yeah, just a little directional Katherine, no numbers here of course. But the comments that we made today said that we believe we are going to make 35% or higher by the exit of this year and that is with some pushing out some of the divestitures. As Brian talked to you many times in the past, the cost come out relating to those divestiture that would give you directionally that, those numbers wouldn’t continue to increase in the next year as well.
Katherine Egbert: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, last one, can you just remind us of what it takes to put something into discontinued operation, meaning is there a timeframe that the divestiture had to take place in order to come or qualified for desktop?
Brian Robins: Yeah, well, there is two different things that you got do. One is you got to qualify for being held for sale and then one that meets that criteria, you got to – meet an additional criteria to put in discontinued operation. There is one-time requirement and the time requirement is that it has the sale that’s probable within one year. Also, you have to have an active program to sell the product, that so it has to be available for immediate sale and you have to have authority from the board to sell that asset. And so, once those were met, you can’t have any continuing influence in the operations of the business. So those are the five criteria to qualify for held for sale and then discontinued operations.
James Bidzos: Yeah, Katherine this is Jim. If I can just comment on your first question about where our margins might go in the future, I think it’s helpful to just step back and sort of see the big picture, I mean one of the things that this quarter does in my opinion is that it confirms that we are -- to us that we are on the right strategy. If you look at the financial performances of the core businesses, if you look at the revenue, if you look at the margins, and you consider that we are going slower on the divestitures that we planned. We really think that’s due primarily to the larger economic conditionis that prevail right now. And you consider that we are able to make the marginal investments for revenue growth where ever we feel we need to and we start to consider that the N state company, which we should arrive at with clean financials hopefully by the end of 2009 where we will have the divestitures done. We will have those other costs taken out. We will have start to seeing -- we will start seeing the benefits of the marginal investments that we are making in new revenue opportunities. I think, we are convinced, if you sort of project and imagine that scenario, I think you can see why we think this is the right strategy.
Katherine Egbert: Okay. That’s fair. Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. [Operating Instructions]. We will go next to Fred Ziegel with Soleil Securities.
Fred Ziegel: Hi, guys. I guess a question for Jim surrounding this DNS vulnerability has – is that having any impact on anything and where does that stand in terms of….?
Brian Robins: I am sorry, we can’t hear you. You got to speak up.
Jim Bidzos: Fred, I am sorry, we can’t get a word. But I don’t know if you are on a speaker phone, if you can get closer maybe or…
Fred Ziegel: Can you hear me now?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah.
Brian Robins: That’s better.
Fred Ziegel: Okay. So question was around DNS and the vulnerability and is that having any impact since it’s been discovered and secondly where are we in kind of cleaning that problem up?
Jim Bidzos: Yeah. Certainly talking about DNS caching, that’s well understood problem. There a well developed available fixed for it. The only surprise which actually isn’t a surprise for people in this business is the slow rate in which people are actually applying the patch?
Brian Robins: Yeah. Only thing I would add to that to Fred is that, the applicability of that particular problem is to what they call recursive server. And it’s really important understand that our DNS network is based on authoritative servers. And so, hence this is not even anything that would affect us, therefore DNS cache poisoning issue, but it does affect a number of recursive servers out there. Typically, those types of servers are on enterprise environments where they do it for speed of operations of their internal networks. But externally as it release to our networks, zero vulnerability to this problem.
Fred Ziegel: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we have one final question. We will take that question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. On the gross margin front, gross margins obviously had a nice improvement in the quarter. Can you going to a little bit more detail, is that revenue makes, is that headcount, what is the kind of keys to see specifically the improvement in gross margin?
Brian Robins: Yeah. We don’t report gross margin. Gross margin for the quarter is approximately 79%. I think the operating margins are more complete meaningful measure. Once we complete, the divestitures and we get the discontinued costs out, you’ll be able to see the operating margins from a trend perspective. The increase in operating margin you saw was really twofold: one, it was increase in revenue from the prior quarter coupled with the tax that we had. Headcount attrition, we are able to take out from additional shared services and the divide and focus strategy that we alluded to during the script. We are really starting to see a lot of benefits from that. And so, we are doing things much more efficient. There is greater transparency and accountability and those results are paying-off.
Sterling Auty: All right. Thank you.
Brian Robins: I think and also just worth mentioning that the parts of our business that we can control. The management team is doing an excellent job of controlling those costs, managing the business and obviously bringing in the revenue where we can. We haven’t had success with the divestitures that we’d hope for, but there are many, many parts of the business where we exercised direct control and careful management, I think I was being a bit modest. We have done a very good job there I believe.
Sterling Auty: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And with no further questions, I would like to turn the program back over to Mr. Bond for any additional closing comments.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Robby. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our third quarter 2008 results will be held on Thursday, November 6, at 2 p.m. Pacific Time. Final confirmation of this date will be provided the first business day after the close of the quarter on October 1. I would also like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter, unless it does so through a public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions on this call. Thank you for your participation and your continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you all and good evening.
Operator: That does conclude the conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - Vice President of Corporate Communications Bill Roper - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Robins - Acting Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Katherine Egbert - Jeffries Rod Brettler - Sanford Group Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities Fred - Goldman Sachs Ken Wong - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the VeriSign Incorporated First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ken Bond. Please go ahead sir.
Ken Bond – Vice President of Corporate Communications: Thank you, Jamie. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Vice President of Corporate Communications and I'm here today with Bill Roper, President and CEO of VeriSign and Brian Robins our Acting Chief Financial Officer. A replay of this call will be available beginning at 5:00 pm Pacific Time via telephone at 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 for International callers. This will be available through May 16. The pass code for both numbers is 1256242. The press release and the financial information discussed on today's conference call is available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website at investor.verisign.com. The Q1 2008 press release is available on First Call, Market Wire, as well as the VeriSign Investor Relations website. For those of you joining us via webcast, we also invite you to view the slide presentation which accompanies today’s conference call. These same slides will be available for download from our website after the call. Financial results in today’s press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Additionally, financial results in today’s press release and the matters we will be discussing today may include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and a description of items excluded in our non-GAAP financial information is located on the VeriSign Investor Relations website. In a moment, Bill and Brian will provide some prepared remarks and afterwards, we will open up the call to you for questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. And we anticipate the call will end before 6 pm Eastern Time. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
Bill Roper - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ken. In this call, I would like to start with some comments on our key announcements we made during our quarter, followed by our view of our business and operating results for the first quarter, and from there I would like to touch on some areas that we believe are particular interest investor based on conversations we have had with shareholders including how we are managing the business overall and an update on our divestitures activities. Brian will then discuss the financial results for the first quarter and provide limited guidance before we move to the Q&A portion of the call. In February we announced the formation of our scientific advisory board which includes several highly distinguished members of the technology community, such as Vint Cerf, Marty Hellman, Glenn Adelman and our Board Chairman Jim Bidzos. This group will provide guidance to our Senior Management to ensure that VeriSign maintains and grows its technology leadership position. As many of you may be aware our board appointed Brian Robins as Acting Chief Financial Officer last month replacing Bert Clement. I realize that Brian will be a new voice to many of you so I would like to share with you how pleased I am that Brian has stepped up in this new role. At VeriSign Brian has been responsible for domestic and international finance. He has also been instrumental in developing our strategic plan in monitoring our progress and Brian conducts our monthly operating reviews and has implemented some key financial management processes. Last quarter we also made another key hire in Robynne Sisco who joined the company in February is our Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining VeriSign Robynne was Assistant Corporate Controller at Oracle and she brings a wealth of accounting and financial experience to the company. Brian, Robynne, and I, all share a healthy sense of urgency and we are already seeing signs of how both of these fine folks are having a positive effect on the business. And then, finally I am also pleased to announce or to point out that Kathleen Cote was appointed the company’s Board of Directors in February. Kathleen has more than 25 years of experience in Executive Management and leadership positions in both emerging technology companies and multi national organizations, most recently serving as CEO of World Port Communications so welcome aboard, Kath. Before beginning let me quickly mention that we expect to file our 10-Q early next week. And as a part of this report, you'll see our revenue segmentation as we have created a new segment for our core businesses of Naming, SSL, and IAS. This new segment is labeled Internet Infrastructure and Identity Services or 3IS for short but we will continue to use the term core businesses interchangeably with 3IS. So with that, let's take a look at first quarter.Q1 was a solid quarter driven by our core franchises of Naming and SSL. We reported core revenue of 223 million, which was above the high end of our 215 to 220 million guidance. Additionally, the businesses that we intend to best perform better than expected making for solid quarter all around and I would like to thank all of our employees for their focus and their continued commitment to VeriSign. This is the first quarter that we've reported non-GAAP operating margins for our core businesses and we are pleased this operating margin. For the first quarter was 30.3% putting us in a good position to achieve our Q4 exit rate target of 35% or higher. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the core businesses was $0.21 opinion ahead of consensus estimates on strong revenue growth and lower than expected operating expenses. We also repurchased over 31 million shares of common stock in the first quarter and since recommencing the share repurchases, we have now reduced the common shares outstanding by more than 28% since June of 2007. Moving now to business metrics for the first quarter I would like to talk a bit about our core businesses and I will start with Naming. Our Naming business continues to show strength as the adjusted zone or registered names in dot.com and dot.net totaled 84.4 million names at the end of quarter compared with 84.4 million names last quarter, that’s a sequential increase of 5% and an increase of a 22% year-over-year. This growth is driven by continued global internet adoption. And we processed 7.8 million new domain name registrations for dot.com and dot.net during the quarter. The underlying growth drivers are consistent with prior quarters as we saw a solid growth in both US and international regions. And while we continued to see solid growth domestically we also continue to develop our international opportunities, regions that we see as having significant growth potential for both dot.com and dot.net. We also saw continued growth from all customer segments including corporate, small business, consumer and online adverting. And this growth reflects unit growth and the entrance of new registrars in key customers and growing international markets. The online adverting activity remains a small but consistent part of our new name sales and overall base. The renewal rate for Q4 was slightly affected by private litigation which Verisign is not a party to. Pending the outcome of the litigation the deletion of certain domain names has been prevented. So adjusting for these non-recurring factors the adjusted renewal rate for Q4 was 74% the unadjusted renewal rate was actually 1% higher. As a reminder we announced in March that effective October 1st registries fees for dot.com and dot.net names will increase by 7% and 10% respectively to $6.86 and $4.23 per year. Which at these prices we believe continues to be an outstanding value. And finally our internet infrastructure continues to operate at ever increasing levels and recently we've seen peak loads of over 50 billion DNS request per day. While the peak load increased dramatically this quarter our systems again demonstrated that Verisign's capability of being able to operate global networks at this scale and reliability remains unparalleled do in large part to our continued investment in infrastructure such as project type. As an example our global network now allows Versign to handle up to 2 trillion that’s a trillion with a T DNS requests per day. This quarter we also announced our intention to locate new regional internet resolution site in India in one of the most rapidly growing internet markets in the region with more than 60 million internet users. Additionally we've located new resolution sites in Honk Kong, in Italy and other locations as we continue to build out our constellation system of more than a hundred resolution sites as well as expand the capacity of the existing sites. In summary no one else no one has operated a global network of this nature at this volume level with 100% uptime over the last 10 years. Moving on to security services we were honored last month as the best security company of the year by SC magazine. The award recognizes Verisign's outstanding achievement security including security services from our second core franchise SSL which now has an installed base of over 1 million certificates. This figure represents a significant increase from the last quarter reflecting continued strong organic growth as well as a refinement to the methodology for calculating the installed base for our stock multiyear certificates which were excluded from the installed base after each certificate pass the one year mark in the past. So as a result we refined the installed base in the AUR metrics with historical information for both measures included in the slide presentation that company is webcast. But to summarize the effect of this refinement, the installed base is increased; the AUR has decreased in their zero effect on revenue. The installed base for this quarter increased a $1, 24,000 certificates compared with a revised 987,000 last quarter and a revised 886,000 same quarter last year. We are very pleased as this represents a 4% sequential growth and a 16% year-over-year growth in the base. The Q1 revised annualized Average Unit Revenue or AUR for installed base of the VeriSign, GeoTrust and Thawte branded certificates was $261 this quarter, up from the revised $260 last quarter and the revised 251 same quarter last year. We also continue to be pleased with the results of our Extended Valuation or EV certificates as more than 3,000 internet domains have gone green with EV. And the demand for EV is continues to be strong in Q1.
 : We remain the number one provider of the EV search in the market and we continue to expect that the EV adoption cycle will be consistent with previous premium product, premium price SSL products in the past.
.: Also, our necessary foundation explaining the green bar is having the proper operating system in browser searches Microsoft, Vista and IE7. Microsoft’s recent comment is data set NASA over 140 million is the licensees, further is our confidence around EV adaption and growth potential. Now, I would like to share some comments on the progress of our identity in authentication services business. Within IAS the strength continues with VIP and a onetime cash work programs, as we now sold over a $1.8 million prudentials, and we continue to be pleased by the strong uptake of credentials by consumers as we expect to see this adoption continue to ramp. We believe that IAS has the potential to form the third core franchise for the company over the next few years and help to accelerate consumer adoption we recently announced two programs for parties issuing credentials. The VIP quick start and the VIP test drive for developers. Both programs are key investments and what we believe is a very promising market space which is well and our long-term strategy and matches our core DNA of global scale and trust. So I'd like to comment now on some areas that we believe are of interest to investors based on discussions we've had since our last call. Last quarter, we shared with you our divide and conquer approach to managing our businesses so that the company would continue to remain focussed on continuing to develop and grow our core businesses while at the same time maintaining the continuity and optimizing the eventual sale of the businesses being the best. The importance of executing on planned investments in an expedient manner is not lost on us and we continue to diligently pursue the timely sale of these businesses. However, we periodically remind ourselves that while these events are important, the key to unlocking shareholder value will be driven by what happens in our core businesses more so than the sales proceeds from the non-core businesses. And we are also mindful that in addition to executing on plan, we must also invest for growth in next generation products and services which fit our G&A around global scale and trust. As we've said before, 2008 is going to be an interesting year with a lot of moving parts, we expect that over the course of the year, not only we will complete most of our planned divestures but we will also reduce our indirect overhead counts. And speaking about divestiture program, overall I’ll describe the program is being essentially on track with our expectations. As discussed in the past we expect there will be a half dozen or more transactions over the course of 2008 and to date we’ve closed three smaller transactions including the sale of our former content delivery network, digital brand, management business and the self care and analytics business in three separate transactions. The remaining businesses are in varying stages of the sale process with some business being further along and possibly ready for discussion in our next conference call. So overall we continue to be satisfied with our product risk and while we are aware of credit market conditions and we are seeing some affect at the margin as a few prospective buyers have dropped out, there continues to be good interest at this time from both strategic and financial buyers. Of course there is always a possibility that credit market conditions and expected valuations could further decline but at this time, we continue to believe that we will substantially complete all transactions this year yielding proceeds of approximately 10% of our market cap give or take a couple of moments. We will continue our practice of reporting transactions during these calls if not otherwise required. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian for a walkthrough of our financial results for the first quarter as well as guidance. Brian?
Brian Robins - Acting Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Bill and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before turning to the first quarter, I would like to discuss how our reporting of the results will be somewhat challenging this year as we continue to work within accounting standards. This quarter, we have begun to play some of the businesses we intent to divest into discontinued operations. In order for a business to qualify for discontinued operations, it must first meet several criteria including management having the sufficient authority to sell the business, the businesses available for immediate sale, and an active program to sell the business has been initiated, and its sale is probable within one year. Further, we must conclude that there is no significant continuing involvement in the operations of that business once it is sold. Utilizing these standards, we place enterprise security, digital brand management services, and communications consulting, as well as some smaller businesses into discontinued operations this quarter. Those businesses not included in discontinued operations in Q1 did not meet all the technical requirements for one reason or another. For example, the messaging business was not included in discontinued operations as we do not have an active program to sell the business as of March 31st. We expect that messaging will be placed into discontinued operations in Q2 as we begin to actively market this business for sale within the next month. We expect that most of the other businesses targeted for disposition, will also be placed into discontinued operations by the end of the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, the reporting of results will be challenging this year as we work through this period of transition. With some businesses not yet qualifying for discontinued operations, continuing operations this quarter reflects the mix of core businesses and non-core businesses. We believe representing key operating results for core businesses provides greater transparency around the financial performance of those businesses, which we believe will drive long-term shareholder value. To this end, we have also included non-GAAP financial information around our core businesses, including operating income and earnings per share in addition to the GAAP results included in our press release. Additionally, accounting standards require us to include shared services cost and continuing operations. Unless this cost can be fully and directly associated with the discontinued business, as a result, the performance of core businesses may appear to be less favorable than what we believe it otherwise might be and conversely the financial performance of discontinued operations may appear to be more favorable. As we complete divestitures, we expect core operating margins will continue to improve as we reduce shared services cost, which are currently included in the core businesses. Lastly, we also expect there will be a period of time whereby we provide transition services to the buyers and as we complete these transition services agreement we expect further improvements to the operating margins of our core businesses. Today discussing operating results for our core businesses, we will not be providing comparable figures for prior periods as it is not practical to do so. Next quarter we will begin providing comparative analysis and commentary on a sequential basis. In terms of day to day management, Bill shared our divide and conquer approach with you earlier. We remain focused on our core businesses, while at the same time optimizing the sale process of businesses being divested. As the results indicate, the efforts to-date have been largely successful. Moving now to a more detailed discussion of results for our core businesses. Q1 by all accounts was a solid quarter. Revenue of our core businesses came in above the high end of our guidance at 223 million, up 5% sequentially and up 23% year-over-year. The growth was driven again by continued strength of all three core businesses, with Naming are having a good quarter. Additionally, we had one-time benefit to revenue of slightly over $1 million, which we do not expect will reoccur. Turning to operating margins. As we continue to execute our strategy, we are seeing operating leverage as reflected in non-GAAP core operating margins, a 30.3% for the quarter. This represents a significant improvement to last year and we are continuing to see the results of our focus and discipline. Non-GAAP cost of revenue and operating expenses for the quarter were 155 million, down from last quarter primarily due to lower labor expenses from both our regular and contingent workforces. Below the operating income line, we incurred a loss of nearly 4 million as the interest expense related to our convertible bonds was then offset by interest income as it was last quarter. With significant share repurchases during the quarter, our cash balance is lower and coupled with the decline in interest rates, interest income was significantly lower this quarter. We expect interest income will be lower for the remainder of the year. Non-GAAP core net income for the first quarter was 44 million resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.21, above our internal plan due to solid revenue results and disciplined expense management. Our non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.21 includes the $4 million below the line loss related to interest expense, which negatively impacted earnings per share by $0.02. The diluted share count used in EPS calculations was slightly above 210 million shares, down from nearly 230 million shares last quarter. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow items. Our ability to consistently generate solid operating cash flows resulted in our maintaining a strong balance sheet with ending cash equivalents and restricted cash of over 500 million, down nearly 900 million from last quarter as we repurchased over 1.1 billion of stock or approximately 14% of the shares outstanding at the end of last quarter. Capital expenditures for the quarter were 26 million. Operating cash flow for the quarter was strong, in excess of $74 million. There were multiple drivers to the positive operating cash flow this quarter including strong deferred revenue growth which was up on strong net registration this quarter as well as disciplined working capital management. As a reminder, Q1 is typically a seasonally weak quarter for operating cash flow as annual employee bonuses are paid in the first quarter. Net DSO for the first quarter was down 3 days to 41 days due to more disciplined collection efforts. Overtime, we expected DSOs will continue to decline as both Naming and SSL businesses have very favorable working capital requirements. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $761 million, up 23 million from last quarter end. The increase in deferred revenue was driven by strong sales in Naming and SSL. Naming in articular have the strong quarter as average weekly additions for common net were above our expectations. We ended the quarter with 4050 employees, 200 lower than last quarter, as we began to transform the company with focus on the core and reduce shared services headcount. Headcount will continue to decline through the year with the sale of non-core businesses as well as further reduction in share services headcount. Moving now to guidance. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to place most non-core businesses into discontinued operations during Q2. As a result, we are providing guidance for our core businesses which include Naming, SSL and IAS. We include VeriSign Japan in our core numbers given his focus on SSL and IAS services. For Q2, we expect revenue for the core businesses will be in the range of $228 million to $233 million reflecting sequential growth of 3% to 5%. As discussed last quarter it is not possible to forecast exactly when divestitures will take place within a year. We also continue to expect a lag effect to operating margin, standing from the inclusion of significant indirect operating expenses. For those reasons, our guidance around non-GAAP operating margins is for modest sequential improvement. As we believe we are on track to achieve Q4 2008 exit operating margins of 35% or higher. The non GAAP operating margin guidance is also reflects increase investments we are making in our core businesses such as project Titan and the SSL platform. For example, in SSL we are consolidating GeoTrust, Thawte, and VeriSign platforms into a single system which will help us allow our backend system cost while improving the user interface our ability to up sell the higher price brands. We also expect that either slower line will result in a larger loss than what we experience in Q1 for a number of reasons including our expectation that interest income will be lower this year. Finally, we now expect that the fully diluted share account will be below 200 million shares well before the year end as was originally expected, reflecting the rest of share repurchase activities today. In summary, we are pleased with our business execution in the first quarter particularly as it relates to revenue growth from the core businesses as well as non-GAAP operating margin expansion. We are keenly focused on executing our strategy in 2008 as we clearly see that there is a key to further unlocking shareholder values longer-term. We now like to open the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. And we’ll go first to Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Yeah, thanks. Hi guys.
Bill Roper: Hi Sterling.
Brian Robins: Hey Sterling.
Sterling Auty: So two questions, first, Bill, just picking up on some of the tone around the divestitures, you had talked about I think most of deals will get done by the end of the year and it seems like a little bit of a change, is that just based on the experience so far and giving the books out there and just execution as well as the talk of 10% couple of points in terms of proceeds versus 10% of market capital that just gives the stock price is higher?
Bill Roper: Okay, two questions there Sterling. I think we are essentially on track, we’re seeing good interest, at the margin there is may be of few people who might out stay tune to the final round that are dropping out due to financing or something, while we’ve got strategic and financial players at the table and at this stages we still feel pretty good, I think all along we said we would like to get them all completed this year, this calendar and I think we will do that or come close to it, and we think the procedure will be essentially what we would have expected maybe off a kicker too, the market cap with the company is a little higher, but I think we are in the same neighborhood.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And one followup question on the naming business, we have all that the noise of our testing and ICAAN as well as the economy. Can you just kind of give some color as to how you feel about the results of the naming business, and more importantly, how you think the trajectory of that business will look for the remainder of the year?
Brian Robins: Okay, fair Sterling. We had a 5% sequential and a 23% year-over-year in naming, we’re very pleased with that 4 million net ads for the quarter. The business is on the same trajectory essentially, we believe where it’s been in the last few quarters, we feel good about it, we got a price increase coming up. There are issues with testing in online adverting and so forth, but there will be in work to the system and we’ve analyzed the various scenarios and how they might impact us and we feel great about the business.
Ken Bond: Sterling its Ken, I will just add a comment in that, last quarter I think that people were looking at some of those number and it gave a little bit of pause and hopefully folks were picked up here that in this quarter we really want to underscore that naming had a very strong quarter, and then what we saw in Q4 was really as we can now talk a little bit about was a function this ligation and again it was not involving various line but a couple of other party. The naming business had a very strong quarter and we are very pleased to see, we think the trajectory is back on path.
Brian Robins: Operator next question please.
Operator: Thank. We will go next to Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow: Hi, guys. Just wanted to get some highlights from you, this is for as how you expect the operating margins in future and over the next couple of quarters ahead, obviously, you talked about exiting at least 35% just kind of in order to get feel for us some of these divestitures are made and there is expenses do you start to role off those continuing upside, do you expect to see a trend Q2, Q3 and then also just on the naming directory side, on the dominion front just curious what you would expect the naming growth look like for Q2 and also just for the full year?
Brian Robins: Okay Phil, this is Brian, I will take the first part of the question, Bill will take the second part of the question. You know, as we reported we had operating margin of 30.3% for the first quarter and we expect to see modest sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter with an exit run rate of 35% or higher.
Bill Roper: And then Phil on the naming business as I said before it was solid first quarter, we don’t really see any change in the trend lines there, we’re happy with the weak links which we monitor very carefully, and we think we’re going to have a good year and we’re short on that same growth sector of 20% 22, 23% that we’ve been for sometime.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank. 
Todd Raker:  Hi, guys. Nice quarter
Brian Robins: Thanks Todd 
Bill Roper: Thanks.
Todd Raker: Just wan to dig into there performance a little bit, first of all on the growth margins 76.7% growth margin ISG historically would run at around 82% if I remember correctly and clearly there are some share to overhead from this continued in that, as we think about that business longer term that where you kind of surviving businesses, should we be thinking about the gross margins trend in north of the 82% from ISG. And then, I have two follow-ups?
Brian Robins: This is Brian, the gross margin is roughly 82% that you have referenced and was non allocated, and so the gross margin of approximately 77% as a fully allocated gross margin on the core business.
Todd Raker: Yes, but I expect some of that cost to come out even with the allocation is discontinued, some of other after sales on it. Is that a fair stable and is this 77% level kind of the baseline issue we see a growth from here on out?
Brian Robins: It is, as mentioned earlier we do have shared services and the number that get allocated to the core and as we sell the businesses we will manage the shared services out, and you will see 77 of the base moving up.
Todd Raker: Okay. And then, on the operating expense line items if I kind of look through sales and marketing R&D and G&A, one anomaly clearly SG&A running about 19%, is there any region as we look at that overtime that we shouldn’t see this comedown to a more normalize run rate around 10% of the business going forward? 
Brian Robins: It will be more normalized, the reason why I have seen the business later is because you do have the shared services cost in there today that are supported to discontinue businesses as well.
Todd Raker: Okay. Thanks. And then, the last question for you, aggressive on the stock buyback I love to see that Bill, can you just comment in terms of capital structure of the company and your cash balance is now 500 million. At what level do you continue to buy stock to and would you use debt going forward in addition to the convert that you have outstanding?
Bill Roper: Okay. We, I think we -- the answer to that is really consistent with the past. We are going to repurchase shares when it is advantageous to do so and we don’t have better internal investment opportunities. We are – we got a strong balance sheet. We have got debt capacity, so we will use it as necessary. I think we ended the quarter with 500 million in the bank and we generated cash regularly, so we got a healthy balance sheet, we are generating cash, we are looking for good internal risk adjusted returns on internal investments and otherwise and we will repurchase shares when it’s advantageous to do so.
Todd Raker: Okay. Thanks guys.
Brian Robins: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: And we will go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Fred: Hi, guys. This is Fred Grive (Ph) for Sarah Friar. The annualized ASP has been slowly creeping up over the past year or so in the search business, is the main driver of that EV or is it sort of something else?
Bill Roper: It’s a mix. There is a mix shift between the three product lines. There is a small but growing component of EV, but frankly at this stage it doesn’t really by itself move the needle even though it has a very nice premium price to it, it’s not really yet to the size that it moves the needle a lot. But it relates to just mix shift, the GeoTrust is growing faster than the other two, but they're all growing.
Brian Robins: Yeah, I’d only add to that Fred is that individually within those brands we’ve seen generally pricing trends at the ASPs in those individual brands has been increasing over time.
Fred: Great, thanks. And one follow-up. Sort of any update on growing out additional services around the registry business?
Bill Roper: We have – this is Bill. We have a number of products in the pipeline. We are always upgrading, we are always making improvement to the products and we have several things that we will rollout over the years, but you should do these over the months or quarters, you should do these as small incremental things. We are not ready to talk about any blockbusters or anything at this stage.
Brian Robins: No, I’d add one Fred. Just as an example, we’ve got a service that we now use that’s called data analyzer and it’s the service that really is not a fee service, but it’s something that we use with our registrar to help them evaluate potential domain name so that around the grace period you don’t have an opportunity to evaluate the quality of names directly without having to use the grace period and that’s the service that we’ve been using with some of our registrars and we make freely available to them as a value added service.
Fred: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: And we will go next to Walter Pritchard with Cowen & Company.
Bill Roper: Walter, are you there?
Operator: Looks like Walter’s phone just disconnected. We will go on to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Robert Owens: Yes, thanks. Question around the EV search, and as you look at it on a per customer basis, can you talk a little bit any metrics around the uplift you might be seeing in total transaction value, is that purely a function of price you are accessing more units per customers as well.
Ken Bond: Hey, Roberts, Ken, as you know the list price on the ED search is quite a bit higher. On a per unit basis, we generally are seeing premiums of at least 30% if not higher in terms of the unit price that we are garnering from ED versus the normal FCC search, but on the second half of that question in terms of the actual unit volume, it’s a little bit of a mix there, and we are not seeing a decline. But, what I think you are alluding to is something that we are watching carefully, and that is the potential for customers to be using EB certificates not around the back of other shops, but our normal payment gateways and that type of things, but the on front end, when we go the places like www.swap.com, or www.paypal.com. We are definitely seeing some of that, but nothing overly material at this point.
Robert Owens: Great, and then, on the registry, with you guys having formerly inserts in the quarter, I think last year Q1 kind of represented the largest net sequential increase of new domains, sorry for inserts. Do you think this year will follow the same seasonality where Q1 the $4 million in sequential net new domains will be the peak for the year or should we see different cycles buy out. 
Bill Roper: I don’t know that we have a huge amount of seasonality in this business, this is Bill, and there is a lot of factors, and sometimes they relate to a little noise around the edges with the pay per click business, but I don’t think we have a lot of seasonality in this business.
Robert Owens: Great, thanks.
Operator: And then we will turn to Walter Pritchard with Cowen And Company.
Ken Wong: Hi guys, this is Ken Wong for Walter Pritchard.
Bill Roper: Hi, Ken, how are you?
Ken Wong: Good good, so you guys mentioned there was 7.8 new domains registered, did you guys give the number of renewals?
Bill Roper: It was slightly over 12 million, Ken.
Ken Wong: Okay, great, and then with the new structure of the business though, where do you guys see CapEx going?
Brian Robins: CapEx is, this is Brian, CapEx historically has ran between 12 to 14% and that’s going to trend down. We have some investment that we are making right now, Project Tighten and ED search, but you can expect that to trend down over time. 
Bill Roper: For the core business, it was $17 million this quarter.
Ken Wong: Okay, great, that’s -- those are all my questions, guys.
Bill Roper: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: And, we will take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley: I was wondering if you could give us some idea of what the international business might have represented in the core business, and then secondly, if you could talk about general business trends, the pace of growth of domain names in the United States versus may be outside the United States, thanks.
Brian Robins: Okay, this is a difficult question to answer because we don’t really have valid data, but we can give you trends. The way we measure things, the international business is about 23 percent of the core. But, for instance, in the naming business it really relates to where the registrar is. That's how it's tagged, not necessarily where the customer is. In the SSL business, it relates to the billing address of the enterprise and of course the servers, the server sit on could be anywhere around the globe. So, actually, how you measure it to how you define it, you get different numbers. Both segments, both domestic and international are growing, growing nicely. International is growing a little faster than domestic, so you will see a slow mix shift over time there. We are investing this year through the P&L fairly significantly, and building our international sales and marketing efforts, and those sort of things, and that's with an eye towards the fact that the non-North American markets are under-penetrated vis-a-vis the North American markets.
Steven Ashley: Great. And Brian, you talked about the interest income and the fact that that could cascade a little lower here. Could you provide us any guidance or color around what we should think about other net for the second quarter? The loss was 1.8 million this period, what might we look for and what should we think about modeling the second quarter?
Brian Robins: Yeah, for the following quarters, especially for the second quarter, I would go about two acts around eightish.
Bill Roper: Okay, great.
Company Representative: He also asked about the ..
Brian Robins: Yeah, that's for other income and interest expense, that’s the whole everything.
Steven Ashley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll go next to Katherine Egbert with Jeffries.
Katherine Egbert: Hi, good afternoon. You said that there was a drop in overhead costs so far that weren’t just related to the divestitures. Can you tell us what that was and how you expect the organic cost structure to kind of flow through the rest of the year?
Brian Robins: Yeah, this is Brian, our – the overhead cost I referred to is in first quarter we actually, as the business continues to transform, we’ve readjusted our cost structure and headcount. So, we had lower headcount for the quarter, about 200 lower than the previous quarter. Additionally, our contingent work force as we focus and be disciplined, our expense management has been reduced.
Katherine Egbert: Okay, can you put any numbers behind that? I mean of the bulk ops in operating margin for the quarter, what percentage was related to that headcount reduction?
Brain Robins: I don’t have the specific numbers.
Katherine Egbert: Okay, thanks and then --.
Brian Robins: Probably around 200 people.
Katherine Egbert: Okay, can we revisit some longer term guidance that you’ve given out before you know for example like a 40 percent plus operating margin in the out years, is that still valid?
Ken Bond: Katherine, it’s Ken. Let me just clarify that the – at Analyst Day, we talked about 2008 guidance of out margins of 30 percent with a long term number of 35 percent. And then in the last conference call, we upped the 2008 target from 30 to 35 percent. We never did come back and make any formal changes on that 35 percent. So, I can understand where this natural assumption that 35 would go to 40, but we have never formally said that. Our long-term guidance is that, it’s obviously going to be higher than 35 percent, but we haven’t formalized it.
Katherine Egbert: Okay, not bad. Thanks, Ken.
Ken Bond: Okay.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rod Brettler with Sanford Group.
Rod Brettler:  Thank you very much, nice quarter guys.
Bill Roper:  Thank you.
Rod Brettler: Would you, most everything has been asked and answered, and I have only got one pair of eyes here, so it may have been in the prepared remarks, but did you say anything about the target revenue range for the core business for the end of the year? If you did, I missed it, and I apologize.
Brian Robins: For next quarter it will 228 to 233 million and we expected to end the year at 900 million plus.
Bill Roper: With an underscore, Rod, on that plus part
Rod Brettler:  Okay, thanks a lot for the clarification, again, I appreciate it. That’s all I have got, thanks.
Brian Roper: Okay thanks.
Operator: And we will go next to Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Morgan Securities.
Scott Sutherland: Great, thank you. A couple of questions, guys. First, I want to talk about your IAS. I know this is an emerging market segment, you have good hopes for. Can you talk a little bit about kind of what the revenue ramp you are seeing there may be the margin structure and breakeven levels you could target there?
Bill Roper: This is Bill. There is really two parts to that business. There is the existing PKI business. It’s a very sound, very stable business, generates good margins, good cash flow, and it’s growing relatively slowly. And then we have the new business that we are ramping up, the VIP business, that’s ramping fairly quickly year-over-year, but that’s on a fairly small base. So -- but we are very pleased with the growth. We are very pleased with the enterprise adoption and the customer take up rate. So, we have got good, you know, we are getting good numbers out of there. The growth is actually a little ahead of track for the year. We are real pleased with this, but it’s pretty small base.
Scott Sutherland:  Okay, and on the navy side of business, it sounds like you have some other top level domains to bid on. What’s your activity there and what is your kind of belief of winning some of that?
Bill Roper:  Well, we don’t forecast what we might do in that area for obvious competitive reasons, but we intend to build and protect our core business and do whatever it takes.
Operator: And we will return to Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Yeah can you hear me?
Company Rep: No.
Sterling Auty:  Two follow-ups, you talked about the advertising being staked. Can you just give us an update in terms of what was advertising as percent of – may be as the new names or may be as the percent of the base at the end of the quarter?
Company Rep: Sterling, so you are talking about -- there is a quarterly activity. So, as the percentage of the new registrations, it was a little bit lower in term of new registrations. But, as it relates to the install base, it continues to be a very consistent part of our base, and that’s about 8 to 10% of our install base is represented by online advertising.
Sterling Auty: And the other question is for Brian, I thought -- I caught part of what you were saying in terms I thought you mentioned one million of kind of one time type of revenue, was that in the core or the areas the discontinued operation?
Brian Robins:  That was in core.
Sterling Auty: And what was that related to?
Brian Robins: It was revenue based on cash collection.
Sterling Auty:  Okay. Can you clarify that a little bit, I am not sure I understand that?
Brian Robins: There is one time services that were performed in prior periods that we didn’t collect on where we were able to collect on that revenue in that quarter.
Sterling Auty: Got it. All right. Thanks, guys
Brian Robins: Thanks Sterling.
Operator: [Operator Instruction]. And we will return to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank..
Todd Raker: Hi, guys. Just following-up, if I look at the deferred revenue line, do you expect that to be impacted at all as you divest some of these businesses going forward, or should we think about 100% in deferred revenue being associated with the three surviving businesses?
Ken Bond:  It’s – Todd, it’s Ken, the deferred revenue is largely associated with the core businesses, but not a 100%. If you were to look at the deferred revenue on a year-over-year basis, you can se it’s pretty modest increase. It’s not going to be that much. And it is important to keep in mind, we’ve got a little bit of apples and oranges here where the prior periods was for all the operations and what you are seeing on the balance sheet now is the continuing operations and the discontinued operations piece has been stripped out. So, it makes the year-over-year comps a little awkward.
Todd Raker: Could you guys give us kind of the normalized figure for this quarter?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, there was – there is a little less than $20 million in discontinued operations in deferred revenue, the balance of it would go to the core business.
Todd Raker:  Okay. So, sequentially, you should think about – what you reported is the right base line going forward?
Brian Robins: That’s correct.
Todd Raker: Okay thanks guys.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow:  Hi, guys, just wanted to follow-up on the SSL Security platform. I was wondering if you could give us what the base was in Q2 and Q3, but also the ASPs like in ’07, if these numbers have changed, and also does that change at all the number of – the number you were giving out historically for the new and renewed search during the quarters?
Bill Roper: Well, while Brain is looking for that, there are – there is a graph in the presentation slides that will show you that.
Phil Winslow: I was just looking for the hard numbers.
Bill Roper: For the install base, what are you looking for, Q2 ’07 and Q2 ’01? 
Phil Winslow: Q2 ’07 and Q3 ’07, you gave us Q4 and Q1.
Bill Roper: Sure, yeah, Q2 ’07 was 923,000 and then Q3 ’07 was 957,000.
Phil Winslow: And what were the ASPs?
Bill Roper: ASPs on that in Q2 ’07 was $256 and in Q3 ’07 was $258.
Phil Winslow: Great, thanks, guys.
Brian Robins: There is a little seasonality in the ASP of that because of the heavy commercial large enterprise purchases in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to you, Mr. Bond, for any additional or closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Jamie, we anticipate that our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our second quarter 2008 results, will be held on Wednesday, August 6, at 2 pm Pacific time, 5 pm Eastern time. Final confirmation of this date will be provided the first business day after the close of the quarter on July 1. I would also like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD VeriSign plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions on this call. Thank you for your participation and your continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you all and good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for you participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - VP of Investor Relations Bill Roper - President and CEO Bert Clement - CFO
Analysts: Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley Sterling Auty -- J.P. Morgan Sarah Friar - Goldman-Sachs Katherine Egbert - Jefferies Steve Ashley -- Robert W Baird Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Security
Operator: Good day and welcome to the VeriSign Incorporated fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Bond. Please go ahead sir.
Ken Bond: Thank you Ronnie. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Vice President of Investor Relations and I'm here with Bill Roper, President and CEO, of VeriSign and Bert Clement, our Chief Financial Officer. A replay of this call will be available, beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, via telephone at 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820 for international callers and will be available through February 6. The pass code for both numbers is 1256242. The press release and financial information discussed on today's conference call is available on the Investor Relations section of the VeriSign website at investor.verisign.com. The Q4 2007 press release is also available via First Call, Market Wire, as well as website. For those of you joining us via web cast, we also invite you to view the slide presentation which accompanies today's conference call. These same slides will be available for download from our website after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Specifically, the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q in any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Additionally, financial statements in today's press release and the matters we will be discussing today may include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and a description of items excluded in our non-GAAP financial information are located on the VeriSign Investor Relations website. In a moment, Bill and Bert will provide some prepared remarks and afterward we'll open up the call to your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. We anticipate the call will end at approximately 3:00 p.m. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
Bill Roper: Thanks Ken. In this call, I would like start with some comments on our performance for the fourth quarter and from there, I will recap the year with few highlights, then touch on some areas that we believe are of particular interest to our investors based on conversations we have had with shareholders. These topics include how we are managing the business in this period of transition, how and what we plan to communicate with investors during the course of 2008, and an update on our progress since the Analyst Day in November. Bert will then discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and provide some limited guidance before we move to the Q&A portion of the call. So with that, let's talk a bit about fourth quarter and all of 2007. Q4 was a solid quarter and is driven by our core franchises of Naming and SSL. We reported total revenues of $386 million, which was slightly above the high end of our previous guidance. The reorganization that we begin implementing early in the year and the disciplined expense management that are continuing to bear fruit as our non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter improved 25.1%, an improvement of over 650 basis points from year ago levels. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.30 and that's a penny ahead of consensus estimate on strong revenue in operating margins and interest income. Moving now to the business metrics for the fourth quarter, I would like to talk a bit about our core businesses starting with Naming. The Naming business continues to show strength as the adjusted zone for registered names in .com and .net now total 80.4 million names, compared with 77 million names last quarter and that's an increase year-over-year of 24%. The growth is driven by continued global internet adoption with 7.5 million new domain name registrations for .com and .net that we processed during the quarter as well 10.5 million renewals, which continue to show strength. The underlying growth drivers this quarter consistent with prior quarter’s solid growth in both U.S. and international, and while we see solid growth domestically we also continue to develop international opportunities, having accredited over 25 registrars in China, India, Latin America, regions that we see the possibility of showing significant growth potential for both .com and .net. We also saw continued growth from all our customer segments, corporate, SMB, consumer and online advertising. The online advertising activity remains a small, but consistent part of our new name sales in overall base. The renewal rate for the third quarter was 74% and we expect the actual renewal rate for the fourth quarter will be similar to last quarter, both within our historical range of mid-70, 73 or 77%. Then finally, the digital infrastructure structure is now handling peak loads of over 33 billion DNS request per day, 33 billion with the B. Our unique capability to operate global network at this scale and reliability remains unparalleled. Let me repeat, no one else operates global networks and infrastructure of this nature at this volume level or with a 100% uptime over the past decade, core strength and unique capability of our company. Moving to security services, I’ll start with our second core franchise SSL. We sold over 233,000 certificates during the quarter and while Q4 has traditionally been a strong quarter for the SSL business, this year was no exception. We saw excellent sequential growth in orders. Our installed base has now grown to 938,000 certificates compared with 912,000 last quarter. We are pleased with this growth as it represents 3% sequential and 16% year-over-year growth in this business base. At the Analyst Day in November, we introduced an annualized average unit revenue metric for the installed base. We believe that this new metric provides investors an easier means of understanding revenue performance and trends in this business. For Q4, the AUR, annualized average unit revenue or AUR where the installed base of VeriSign GeoTrust and Thawte branded certificates was $273. And that is up from the prior quarter's $271, a small increase across all brands. We are also especially pleased with results of our EV or extended valuation certificate as we met our targets for 2007. More than 2000 of our customers have gone green with EV and the demand for the EV certificates continues to be strong in Q4. And while this pipeline is still in early stages, we are the number one provider of EV type certificate in this market at this time, and we continue to expect that the EV adoption cycle will be consistent with previous premium priced products in the past. Microsoft’s comments last week about this adoption further give us confidence of the EV growth potential. I will now turn to share some comments on the progress of our identity and authentication services business. In the past, we have used different labels for this business including VIP, identity protection, identity services and other such names. Going forward, we are going to refer to this business as Identity and Authentication Services, IAS for short and it consists of our services such as the VIP program and a One-Time Password or OTP authentication services program as well as fraud detection services and our enterprise PKI business. The VIP and OTP program has continued to be a great example of an internet scaled service running on a global infrastructure that provide scaleable and secure real time validation capabilities that can support millions of online users. Across our VIP and OTP program, the strength continues as we have now sold over 1.3 million credentials and we continue to be pleased with the strong update of these credentials by consumers and we expect to see this adoption continue to ramp. This quarter, we are also to note that Yahoo announced its support of the OpenID 2.0 digital identity framework, joining companies like Google, Microsoft and IBM. Yahoo has 248 million registered users, all of them now have an OpenID identifier bringing the total number of OpenID accounts to over 350 million users worldwide. And we believe that this is a significant development for our identify authentication efforts as the aggregation of first factor authentication into an OpenID only increases the importance of second factor authentication services that VeriSign offers. I'll now take a quick look back at 2007 as a whole. We think it proved to be, to say the least, an eventful year for VeriSign, starting with a company wide restructuring, which began the changes leading to the non-GAAP operating margin improvement of over 650 basis points that we mentioned earlier. This is where we continue to focus on and we expect operating margins will be significantly higher yet again this year. As many of you may recall, we made several management changes starting in late May, when I was named Chief Executive, shortly thereafter, Bert was named Chief Financial Officer and, we have made some additional changes over the second half. More recently we name Ken Silva as our Chief Technology Officer. While we may to see more additions, I am very pleased with the team in place and their commitment to execute on the plans that we have developed and that we communicated to you in November. One of my initial objectives when taking over as CEO was to complete the stock option restatement process, align the company to become current in financial filings. We accomplished that in early July. And in November, we received confirmation from the SEC that its investigation of VeriSign has been closed. This is an important milestone and putting these matters behind us. Another early objective, we wanted address with our capital structure and in August we issued 1.25 billion in convertible debt and we used the majority of the proceeds to repurchase 38 million shares of common stock, reducing the shares outstanding by about 16% during the second half of 2007. Finally, and this is actually good safe way to the next topic. We completed a comprehensive strategic business review. And while there is much work ahead us, we are committed to the resulting strategy. So with that, I would like to talk about how we are managing business especially with all the myriad activities underway at this time. To start, because we are mindful that we must avoid the potential for distraction to our ongoing core businesses, we have taken a sort of dividing and conquer approach with the management team, so as company we can remain focused on continuing to develop and grow our core businesses, as well as maintain a continuity and optimize the eventual sale of the businesses being divested. The majority of our senior management team, including [Reynard Quist] who manages our Naming business and [Chris Bebo], who manages our SNL business, along with me, continues to spend the majority of our time focused on protecting and growing our core businesses. And the business is being divested; John Donovan and Grant Clark are focusing on managing these businesses to ensure continuity in their operations until each has been transitioned to a new owner. And finally, as we discussed at Analyst Day, Rusty Lewis and Kevin Werner are working on managing the sales process of the businesses we are targeting for divestment. So I guess in summary, by having a few of our senior leaders focus on the businesses being divested, we believe that we minimize the distractions to the rest of the team of who we are focused on protecting and growing our core business operations. As we discussed at our Analyst Day, 2008 is going to be a very interesting with a lot of moving parts, as we expect to work through a number of divestures over the course of the year. Having taken steps to ensure that we maintain the right focus on our core businesses, I want to share with you how we intend to communicate to you our activities and results over the coming quarters. To start, during the first quarter, we intend to place all qualifying businesses into discontinued operations for accounting, reporting purposes. We believe this step will help investors better understand the financial performance of our core businesses, which we believe is the key to our long-term shareholder value. And as a reminder, our continuing operating results will include the lag effect for elements of indirect overhead G&A cost, which will be reduced overtime as we complete the divestment transactions and associated transition service agreements. However, we do believe that the discontinued operations accounting treatment for businesses being divested is a positive step and helping investors understand the operating performance of our core businesses. Our operating margins of the core businesses will also be impacted by increased investments in these businesses that we focus more intently on developing a broader product set and reinvigorate in the growth potential we see in these great businesses. We'll be providing revenue and operating margin guidance on our core businesses, which include Naming, SSL, and Identity Authentication Services including a majority ownership in VeriSign, Japan which is focused around these core businesses. And for the businesses being divested, we report on the status of the divestment activity as appropriate throughout the year. I'll like to now provide a brief update of our progress since Analyst Day November. As you recall, we discussed our strategic business review process wherein we evaluated each business in terms of whether it was a good fit with our core strength in internet infrastructure, as well as factors such as market size, growth rate, inherent economics, as well as competitive position in our ability to win in the market place. From this process, we identified three business clearly being good fits, Naming, SSL and Identity and Authentication services. As you know, Naming and SSL are just two great businesses, leading market share in growing markets. Each business also leverages our internet infrastructure, which as I stated earlier, remains unparalleled in terms of scale and reliability while providing us powerful economics. The Identity and Authentication Service business addresses a large market opportunity for VeriSign. The business is small today, but it is expected to grow rapidly and it also leverages our internet infrastructure as well. We've now completed the strategic business review and with the exception the core business is previously discussed again Naming, SSL and Identify and Authentication Services, we intend to divest each of the remaining business discussed during Analyst Day, including those noted as requiring additional time for decision. So having completed the strategic business review , I would like to update you on the status of our divestiture efforts. Overall, I described our progress as being on track and up to our expectations as discussed earlier. We expect that there will be a half dozen or more transactions over the course of 2008 and we have already started to market several of these businesses and expect to add a couple more shortly. We are pleased with the level of interest to-date, both solicited and unsolicited, it's been high and it's been from both strategic and financial buyers. We are really pleased with the quality of the potential buyers. And while we realize that interest alone does not a transaction make, we continue to be satisfied with our early progress and as we close transactions, will continue to keep you informed. I'll now turn the call over to Bert for a walk-through of our financial results for the fourth quarter and 2007, as well as guidance. Bert?
Bert Clement: Thanks Bill and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Before turning to the fourth quarter, I would like to briefly highlight the results for the year 2007. For the year consolidated revenue excluding Jamba! was $1.47 billion, up over 15% year-over-year. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the year again excluding Jamba! was 22.6%. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the year was a $1.03 an increase of nearly $0.30 a year-over- year after excluding Jamba! for both years. Cash flow from operations for the year was strong in excess of $450 million. Finally, our 2007 capital expenditures were $152 million, as we continue to build out our new Delaware data center. Turning now to fourth quarter highlights. Q4 was a solid quarter on multiple fronts, Having come in slightly above our revenue guidance at $386 million and 10 basis points higher than our non-GAAP operating margin guidance. Exiting Q4, at 25.1%, 670 basis points higher than Q4 of last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.30 came in penny above consensus estimate, as operating income and interest income were both better than expected. On a GAAP basis we reported a net loss of $0.88 per share, due to an estimated non cash impairment charge of $210 million in Q4 as we prepared the Digital Content and Messaging business for sale. The actual evaluation has not yet been finalized. In Q4, we completed our accelerated share repurchase program earlier than originally expected as we repurchased 6.6 million shares at an average price of $30.17. Moving to the second half of 2007, we repurchased a total of 38 million shares at an average price $30.22, reducing basic share outstanding by 16% since June 30th. As an update, our Board recently authorized an additional 600 million share repurchase. I would now like to move to more detailed discussion of financial results for the fourth quarter. Q4 revenues at $286 million was up 14% year-over-year excluding Jamba! and as noted earlier slightly above the high end of our guidance. The growth was driven again by the continued strength in our core businesses. As in past quarters, we are reporting based on our two business segments ISG an CSG. The Internet Services Group, grew approximately 4% sequentially and 20% year-over-year with revenues of $244.7 million or 63% of total revenue. This growth was fueled by strength in Naming SSL and Security services. The Communication Services Group grew 1% quarter-over-quarter with revenue of $141.8 million or 37% of total revenue. Excluding Jamba!, CSG was revenue up 4% year-over-year. Moving to international operations, the percent of revenue driven from international customers, affiliates and subsidiaries was 15% as compared to 16% last quarter. Cost of revenue for Q4 was $142 million, down $1 million from last quarter and driving a non-GAAP Q4 gross margin of 63.3%, up a 150 basis points, sequentially. Factors contributing to the increase in gross margin included continued reductions in headcount and reduction of direct expenses. Turning to operating margins, total operating expenses for Q4 was $148 million or 38.2% of revenue, down from 38.4% last quarter. The percentage decline was expected, given our expectation to grow expenses at a lower rate than revenue. We ended the quarter with a non-GAAP operating margin of 25.1% compared with 23.4% last quarter, a 170 basis point improvement from last quarter and a 670 basis point increase from Q4 2006. Income below the line was better than expected contributing to our better than expected EPS. In particular, interest income was strong, as cash balances ended the quarter at $1.4 billion due in part to better working capital management and higher than normal employees stock option exercise. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $70 million with the non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.30, which is a penny above consensus estimates, due primarily to operating and interest income as previously discussed. The diluted share count on EPS calculation was slightly below 230 million shares. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow item, our ability to consistently generate solid operating cash flows resulted in our maintaining a strong balance sheet with ending cash equivalent and short term investment at $1.4 billion, an increase of $255 million from last quarter. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $58 million with 21% attributable to CSG, 28% to ISG, and 51% for corporate infrastructure. The increase for corporate infrastructure this quarter is related to the construction of the Delaware operation center, expected to be completed in the first half of 2008. Operating cash flow for the quarter was strong, in excess of $180 million. There are multiple drivers to the positive free cash flow this quarter, including strong accounts receivable, collection stemming from the invoicing issue discussed last quarter, deferred revenue growth, employee stock option exercises and other favorable working capital items. Net DSO for the fourth quarter returned to historical level at 44 days, as invoicing issues discussed last quarter have been resolved. Our Q4 ending deferred revenue was $739 million, up $28 million from the previous quarter and a 22% year-over-year increase. This increase, in deferred revenue was driven by strong sales in Naming and SSL. We ended the quarter with 4,250 employees, 120 lower than last quarter and almost 1,100 less than where we began in the year. Moving now to guidance, as Bill mentioned earlier we intend to place all qualifying businesses into discontinued operations during Q1. As a result we are providing guidance for our core businesses, which include Naming, SSL and Identity and Authentication Services. For Q1, we expect revenue for our core businesses to be in the range of $215 million to $220 million. As a reminder, during our Analyst Day, we discussed the lag effect to operating margins, so 2008 margins will reflect the inclusion of the significant, indirect, overhead expenses, which will be reduced overtime. We remain confident that we'll substantially complete all divestitures during 2008 and that we will complete necessary overhead realignment shortly thereafter. However, we are not in a position to forecast exactly when divestitures will take place within the year. As a result, we are providing the following guidance around operating margins. We now expect that in light of our decision to focus fully on our three core businesses of Naming, SSL and IAS. We expect the Q4 2008 exit operating margin will be 35% or higher on a non-GAAP basis, approximately 1,000 basis points higher than our current operating margin and 500 basis points higher than estimates provided, as part of our Analyst Day.  This operating margin guidance also reflects increased investments we'll make in our core businesses as mentioned earlier by Bill. Additionally, we are reaffirming our commentary from Analyst Day as we expect that the Q4, 2008 year end fully diluted share count will be 200 million shares or less. In summary, we are pleased with our execution in 2007, particularly as it relates to revenue growth from our core businesses, as well operating margin expansion and we recognize the importance of executing our strategy in 2008 as the key to unlocking shareholder value in longer-term. We'd now like to open the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we will go first to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank: Hey guys. How are you?
Bert Clement: Doing well. Thanks.
Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank: So, Bert, on the guidance given that you are going to have your corporate overhead continuing to '08, can you give us any sense for where you think operating margins will be on the three core businesses as we look into '09 as you back the overhead out?
Bert Clement: Yeah. I think the way we are handling the guidance is the 35% number that we provided you as what we are targeting for the company as an exit rate 2008. And I think from there we would seek some improvement into 2009.
Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank: Okay. And can you give us a sense within ISG, kind of quantify the amount of revenue being shown in discontinued ops, so we didn’t get a sense with the $215 million to $220 million guidance? How that lines up versus ISG today?
Bert Clement: I didn’t get that, we are breaking up on the call. You said something about ISG?
Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank: Yeah. I was trying to -- if you look at your guidance on a three core businesses, I am trying to correlate the 215 to 220 versus kind of what ISG is today. So, if you’d give us a sense for kind of the magnitude of revenues that will be discontinued ops out of ISG?
Bert Clement: I don't have the exact details of that breakdown with us. I think what we are trying to do is focus everyone on the core business, knowing that the qualifying businesses for discontinuing operations in Q1 may be slightly different than that.
Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then one general question for you guys. On the naming side two questions. One, can you talk about any negative impact of the price increase or is there anything out there that would indicate that the second price increase shouldn’t be forthcoming? And then, can you comment on [what are] articles around the names have been and how I can potentially prevent free dipping going forward? Do you anticipate that having impact on your growth profile at all in the DNS business?
Bill Roper: Okay. Let me see if remember both parts of the question well. So catch me Todd if I don't completely answer. On the second part, you talked about dipping or pay-per-click and so forth. There are changes going on in the marketplace out there. We don't really comment on those changes, we just react to them. We think possibly at the margin there could a very small impact on us, that probably you won’t be able to measure. The first question was around pricing.
Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank: Pricing, any…
Bill Roper: Well, pricing, okay. As you know we implemented a price increase of 7% for .com and 10% for .net mid-October last year. We haven’t seen any measurable impact of that price increase. We don't believe that at these prices, the market is very sensitive to that. You know the contract that we signed was a six-year contract and it provided up to four price increases, no more than one a year during the term. And we are constantly evaluating our product pricing policy throughout the company, but we don't comment on anything else.
Todd Raker -- Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Yeah, good evening everyone. Focusing again on the registries, so if I look at the sequential increase, I think it was one of the slower increases you’ve seen this year. Are we starting to see this become the large numbers or there is some seasonality baked in there? And I have a follow-up, too.
Bill Roper: Okay. Rob, the short answer is, there maybe some seasonality. If you go back to the fourth quarter of the prior year it was the similar type of increase in units quarter-over-quarter. So there may be a little seasonality in there. We’re not really sure. I mean all indicators are, all the drivers in that business global, internet, usage and adoption rates remain very strong and we’re very comfortable about the future growth of this business.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Okay and then along the SSL side, how should we think about pricing moving forward, especially with EVS also becomes a bigger portion of the portfolio? How much can that drive in terms of increase in that ASP you're giving?
Bill Roper: Hard to tell, but EV itself, which as you know is a premium price product, is doing very well. We’re very pleased with it. It’s on the lower part of the parabolic curve that we’ve experienced with other or with the similar premium priced products in the past. So, it’s not really having a material impact on the whole portfolio the AAUR, whatever we call it Rob, of the whole portfolio, yes. But certainly it will tend to start having an impact and we’re continually getting orders and we feel good about the business and where its going. It's still small at this stage.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Great and then last question -- any metrics you willing to share around the ID and Authentication Services, anything that can help us track that business? How many credentials have you got?
Ken Bond: Total credentials that we mentioned in the prepared commentary.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: That obviously was an annual number, correct?
Bill Roper: That’s total out, I mean, that’s the total number of [identity] sold and in place, is that right?
Bert Clement: Yeah, 1.3 million and last quarter 1 million.
Bill Roper: Yeah and I think it was a $1 million quarter ago so you can get an idea of sort of increment there. Again in the relative scheme of things that business is fairly small for us today but it is very, it’s a niche market, it is growing. We think it has got huge growth potential. We are very excited about the business. We are investing in the business and we feel very good about it. It’s small but we think it’s a big part of our future.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) We go next to Peter Kuper with Morgan Stanley.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks guys. Actually, if I could turn back to the Todd's line of questioning there. That operating margin of 35% guys, that was not including the corporate overhead, did I hear that right?
Bert Clement: No, we are including corporate overhead in that rate and that's our target for year end.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I'm sorry, that's the exit rate Bert…
Bert Clement: Exit rate at year end we are targeting to get the 35%.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Bill Roper: Yeah, what we are trying to communicate is that as we make divestitures, some of the indirect cost which have to be charged to the continuing operations, don't just drop off instantaneously with the divestiture and you have to manage them down. And so there is a little bit of a lag effect there. And so, you won't see total benefit of that, so say maybe a quarter after a divestiture or something. We are going to manage it very tightly, but as Bert said, our pro forma op income margin, exit rate fourth quarter where we've now stepped up to attain, we think it will be a 35%.
Bert Clement: And Peter we'll keep you updated on that on a quarterly basis just to tell you our progress and hopefully as we go into this continued ops we'll be able to kind of show that on the P&L itself as the year progresses.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Great. And then for Q1 guidance, so did you give the number of 215 to 220 for those core businesses, but no, did I miss this in any of our guidance around what -- do you have any margin for that business would be or anything color wise on discontinued ops? Because I think you said you have six deals or six transactions sometime in '08, but how is Q1 shaping up, just want this to get a better sense of the very near picture versus the end of the year picture?
Bert Clement: Yeah. So I think it’s going to be an improvement quarter-to-quarter on the operating margin line and I think we will have hopefully the discontinued operation situation versus continuing cleared up pretty nicely by the end of Q2.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So that’s definitely the first half of that so to speak.
Bert Clement: Yeah. That's definitely our target at this point for right now.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then last question on the renewal rate, I think it was around 74% for Q3, that rate is just 73% to 77%. Do you guys feel that’s a comfortable go forward rate for next year as part of the guidance? Is that considered in that guidance filled up or do you want rates that’s not going forward.
Bert Clement: Yeah. We have been in that range for a couple of year now. We believe that that's going to continue. Obviously, there are market factors they could have some impact but we still think we will be in that sweet spot range in the mid 70s.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan. 
Sterling Auty -- J.P. Morgan: Thanks, hi guys. 
Bert Clement: Hi Sterling.
Sterling Auty -- J.P. Morgan: I want to circle back, you guys kind of broke up, I am not sure if you answered it but so the guidance for the three core business is the 215 to 220 in the first quarter. Can you give us a sense what those three businesses generated revenue in the fourth quarter?
Bert Clement: We were not going to go back and try to prorate everything quarter-to-quarter from the past, but I think we are sticking with Q1 is 215 to 220 at this point.
Bill Roper: Sterling, and if you remember, mid year last year we told you that what we would do is we would give you end quarter revenue guidance, some kind of margin indication this year because of the murkiness of the factors we described, we decided we’d give you an exit rate margin, up income margin for the year end. And then as necessary we will talk about shares outstanding.
Bert Clement: Now, Sterling, what I will do is reiterate that we do see growth in the high teens, so 18 to 20, potentially exceeding that is not an issue for that business.
Sterling Auty - J P Morgan : Okay. And then maybe just – you mentioned the three core areas, as we think of ISG, just remind us the bucket or the things that come out from the businesses. In other words, you have IAS, but does that mean, security consulting, that gets sold? Now, what are the pieces out of ISG that are going out that were not formerly you outlined at the Analyst Day?
Bill Roper: Yeah. The larger elements of ISG that will leave are going to be the managed security services business. That will include the security consulting aspect to that. And then, there are a couple of smaller businesses in there like digital brand management. For example that would be in that bucket as well.
Sterling Auty - J P Morgan : Okay. And then, last question. Any just high level kind of commentary about what you are hearing through your conservations with customers and inter-operations about how you see the overall macro-economy both domestic and internationally kind of impacting the three core businesses that you are keeping?
Bill Roper: Well, Sterling, you probably are better qualified than us to answer that question. We really don't view our – especially the two businesses, Naming and SSL as pretty much independent of the economic cycle. They are driven by internet usage and adoption rates globally. We have parts of the markets, especially internationally that we think we've under-absorbed or not invested in enough, that we are doing some very specific things starting early this year. We got a few new products [in froze] and product development things going on. So we feel that we'll have very attractive relative growth rates and we see the business continue to be solid and stable.
Sterling Auty - J P Morgan : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman-Sachs
Sarah Friar - Goldman-Sachs: Good afternoon guys. Kind of a derivative of Sterling’s question about the environment. Bill, to what extent do you think that the environment is having an impact on your ability to quickly spin-off the other businesses that you don't want to keep? Have you seen change in the dialogue, you may be having with potential acquirers etc?
Bill Roper: Okay, that's good question, Sarah, and the answer is a good answer I think. As we said before, these really by and large are large very good businesses. We haven't necessarily managed in that that well. They don't necessarily fit. They don't fit that and that’s the reason we made the decision to divest of them in our strategy or within our core competence in internet infrastructure.  That being said, they are good businesses, they are solid businesses and there are great additions for other companies. So, the interest, buyer interest has been, as I noted, strong, very encouraging, quality buyers both financially and strategically and kind of across the board.  The size of these transactions and the nature of the buyers especially on the strategic side, the current financial markets don't really have much impact, I mean at the margin, we may get a little bit less realization in total purchase price. But not anything significant there, and in many cases the level of bidding the price indication so far from the first round [stats] on two of the larger properties have been very good, and we are encouraged. We consider our sales is on track from a time frame and we're seeing nothing that indicates we won't get somewhere between good to very good realization for VeriSign, while at the same time placing these businesses and our employees and our customers in very good hands.
Sarah Friar - Goldman-Sachs: Great, okay, good. That was a good answer. Thank you Bill. Just one another question on the core registry business, there are really two parts. So, one, you've talked about reinvestment in the core business. When can we start to see some additional services rollout, now through the new icon agreement allows you lot of flexibility there? And then just part two, how you seen any impact on demand from the price increase today then kind of the core.com registry, that’s just one thing that are come up a little during the quarter?
Bill Roper: Okay. Again I think, a good story, impact on demand is not measurable, we can’t find it. At the price levels we are talking, we are really pretty price insensitive. So, we just -- we don't see that being in this anything. So if it is there we can find it both in unit sales and real rates. If you go to a new products across the three core, we have a number of things in the pipeline primarily internally developed products, additions, improvement and those types of things that will help on the growth side and will help further building, strengthen and protect our position as market leaders. And we are announcing a number of things all alone that they are small and not noise level things like say EV or something like that, and specially on the Identity and Authentication Services business -- sorry I must get used to that acronym. VIP is so much easier to say, but probably not as descriptive. We’ve got a lot going on and you'll start seeing these things. They are hitting the market shortly.
Sarah Friar - Goldman-Sachs: Great. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. We go next to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Hi, good afternoon. Can you give us an estimate of what kind of domain growth you expect for this year? And then can you tell us the member of active domains versus those, that have been activated, not just bought?
Bert Clement: Yeah. I think we've seen a modeling growth in the high teens to 20% range on units. I think the active domain number, Ken has found it here right now, is in the 70% range may be even higher than that.
Ken Bond: I think it is more about 80 range.
Bert Clement: 80 range, probably that’s just..
Ken Bond: It’s just less than 10% to 15% that domains don’t resolve.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then can you -- I don't think you said can you tell us how close you are to selling off some of these bundles, meaning is the process still fairly so long?
Bill Roper:   Well, we didn’t say but we have a lot of activity ongoing. We have a couple of bundles of businesses in the marketplace now. We like a said to very good initial interest. We are going into the second round. And it's very difficult to predict timing, there is aspects of that process we can control and certainly aspects of that process are totally outside of our control. I can just tell you we are on track from a time line and we are pleased with the early indications.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. And then last question. I don't know if you answered this, but can you talk how much cash do you expect to get from the sale of these assets? 
Bill Roper: We haven't talked about that. It's material...
Bert Clement: We are hoping to get about 10% of our market cap as cash received hopefully. 
Bill Roper: Yeah. I mean the way you should think about it, you should think about these businesses as being 10% of the company from a value standpoint plus or minus or point or two.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Next we will go to Steve Ashley with Robert W Baird.
Steve Ashley -- Robert W Baird: Great. My first question is on differed revenue, how should we think about the divestitures when they are completed? How might that impact the differed revenue balances, maybe just qualitative?
Bert Clement: Yeah. Most of the deferred revenue is going to stay with us because it's tied into the Naming and SSL businesses. There are a couple of other businesses that have a little bit of deferred revenue but I would say at least 96% to 97% of that deferred one will stay with the company.
Steve Ashley -- Robert W. Baird: And did FX have much impact on the reported revenue this quarter?
Bert Clement: Pardon me, one more time?
Steve Ashley -- Robert W Baird: Currency exchange, did FX have much impact on the revenue you reported this quarter?
Bert Clement: I don't think it was very significant, no.
Steve Ashley -- Robert W Baird: Great, thank you.
Bill Roper: The bigger businesses are dollar based. 
Steve Ashley -- Robert W Baird: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll go next to Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Morgan Security. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Security: Well, thank you. Good afternoon. Really just had one follow-up and the question, maybe trying to get a start point and end point to the remaining segments not being discontinued. I might have missed it. But what kind of operating margins do you expect here in Q1 for the continued operations? And when you look at Q4, I know you were in corporate overheads, just over $20 million right now. To get that 35% operating margins I assume the assumption that stays around $20 million or you can bring it down to maybe $15 million to $20 million range and bring it down in ’09 from there? 
Bert Clement: I think the hard part for us is try and understand when these divestitures are going to actually happen. So we are confident that we can give you a decent number for operating margin for Q1. So what we have done is instead given you exit operating margin for the core business for year-end and we do hope to get that number overtime incrementally every quarter. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Security: Okay. So there is no range of corporate overhead that you guys have a near assumption that's 35% like $10 million to $20 million, I mean, knowing that it's a wide range? 
Bert Clement: Yeah. We are still dissecting the corporate overhead right now in the sense of what is clearly direct versus indirect. There are some very accounting rules there on what you can apply in discontinued operations versus what has to stay in continuing. If you recall, we did go to a function of organization earlier in 2007, so we have to be very careful how we present that go forward. So I think the key is, we've taken a conservative approach on it, on what will probably remain and then we will be whacking at it every single quarter and especially as the businesses [lead] try to tighten up the overhead thereafter.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Security: Maybe ignoring the discontinued operations and the corporate overhead, what kind of segment margin profile would we see if these remaining three segment in total?
Bert Clement: Yes, I think we’ve told you exiting the year at least 35% and that some of the ongoing synergies would come in 2009. So, we would expect some incremental improvement from there.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Security: Okay, fair enough, thank you.
Operator: Thank you we’ll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Hey guys, just a follow up question to help us with the modeling aspects. In Q4, can you give us a sense ISG right now runs at 82% gross margin? You guys are going to pull the Managed Security Services business out of that which is a very low gross margin product. I would assume that the three core businesses should see a gross margin north of 82%. Can you frame it for us in terms of Q4, so we it can be triangulated in the apex run rate to get to the margin of 35%?
Bert Clement: You know Todd, I think what we’re going to try and do is frame it to you on a go-forward basis. A lot of that has to do with, for example, if you look at our capital expenditures, we told you that the data center is sitting in corporate. While it really doesn’t belong in corporate, it belongs in those businesses, and that’s going to be some other important enhancements we’re going to make in 2008.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Is it a fair assumption to assume that, since you are pulling the Managed Security Services business out that the gross margin associated with the three core business is higher than 82%?
Bert Clement: It’s a fair assumption.
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay, on a consistent basis.
Bill Roper: On a consistent basis.
Bert Clement: Right, on a consistent basis. 
Bill Roper: It will be higher.
Bert Clement: Because we’ll be making some investments, there will be increased depreciation for the data centers and other things that will - it won't be as high as you might think it is, but it's something that we’ll share with you all during the year. 
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. 
Bill Roper: Hey, Todd you don't get another deal. That is all you get.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Rob Owens with Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Great. So at this time given the guidance you laid at the Analyst Day, are you reiterating then the lower end of that earnings per share range to the $1.15 because I think you gave us a revenue range on the three core businesses of around $900 million? Thanks.
Bert Clement: Yeah. I think what we are really saying is on an exit rate basis; the 35% is really going to depend on a variety of things on how well we do to that and along with the share count at year-end. But remember that's an exit rate number that we are trying to portray at Analyst Day and we are hoping to do a little better in that.
Ken Bond: Just to confirm Rob, we did not provide earnings per share guidance today for the quarter or the year.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Okay. So you are not speaking to the Analyst Day of the $1.15 to $1.29?
Bert Clement: The number that we talked about today, you can use for modeling going forward.
Rob Owens - Pacific Crest: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We go next to Katherine Egbert with Jefferies.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: I have to ask a follow-up, since everyone else is doing it. So you said just a minute ago that the definition of discontinued op is pretty strict, and you lastly talked, I don't think you are going to put everything into this discontinued ops, so what changed?
Bert Clement: No, I think what we telling you as we're getting give you guidance based on a continuing businesses that are core to U.S. There maybe a few differences in between, but I don't think they are going to be significant. Our view is by the end of the first half, we ought to be fairly consistent at that point.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. So does that mean though that your revenue number for next quarter could actually include some of the businesses that you'll be divesting?
Bert Clement: No, what we gave you is a pure revenue number for just the three core businesses. We wanted to be very clear about that.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. But if a business doesn't go into discontinued op, it stays in your revenue line right?
Bert Clement:   That's correct. And we will reconcile for you when we get there.
Katherine Egbert - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Bert Clement:   Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one final question. We will take that question from Peter Kuper with Morgan Stanley.
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley:  Sorry, I [won't] go round about here. 
Bill Roper: Are there only about five guys on the call, is that what the problem is here?
Peter Kuper -- Morgan Stanley: We just love you so much. We just want to talk you more and more. 
Bill Roper: That works for us. 
Peter Kuper -- Morgan Stanley: Straight forward and I think whatever we are trying we are all talking about the same stuff here. Trying to figure out for Q1 just talking about the exit rate margins, what are you guys expecting from a consensus point of view? If there are models, obviously to be tossed upside down here with the three core model, three core business being a model, end of the exit year I get that. So we have a directional good idea where we are going. But for Q1 how are you guys feeling about what we should be modeling from an operating margin point of view there? 
Bert Clement: Yeah. I think the best advise I can give you from there is take our exit rate at Q4 and what we gave you as a exit rate for '08 at the end of the year, and kind of factor -- I wouldn’t say factored in linearly, but factor in some improvement quarter-to-quarter to get to that 35% by the end of year, that's best advise I can give you.
Peter Kuper -- Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right, that's pretty sure. We will work with that. And then I guess on that, you guys I would hope obviously by then we will able to do year-over-year comparison with the three core business on a growth rate?
Bert Clement: As we get it all cleaned up that will be come very apparent. 
Peter Kuper -- Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time I would like to turn the program back over to Mr. Ken Bond for any additional or closing comments.
Ken Bond: Thank you Ronnie. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our first quarter 2008 results will be held on Wednesday April 30 at 2:00 pm Pacific Time. Final confirmation of this date will be provided the first business date after the close of the quarter on April 1. I would also like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, VeriSign plans to retain its long standing policy and not comment on this financial guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a public disclosure. Please call the Investors Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for you participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Bond - VP of IR Bill Roper - President and CEO Bert Clement - CFO John Donovan - EVP
Analysts: Rob Owens - Pacific Crest Sarah Friar - Goldman Sachs IsraelHernandez - Lehman Brothers Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley Katherine Egbert - Jefferies & Company Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Walter Pritchard - Cowen and Company Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor's Equity Research Shaul Eyal - CIBC World Markets
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the VeriSign Incorporated ThirdQuarter 2007 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time foropening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Bond. Please goahead.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank youfor joining us for VeriSign's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. I amKen Bond, Vice-President, Investor Relations. And I am here today with BillRoper, President and CEO of VeriSign, Bert Clement, our Chief FinancialOfficer, John Donovan, Executive Vice President is also here as well and willjoin us during the question and answer portion of the call. A replay of this call will be available beginning at 5 p.m.Pacific time via telephone at 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 for internationalcallers. The pass code for both numbers is 6843620. The third quarter pressrelease is available on FirstCall, MarketWire, as well as the investorrelations site at investor.verisign.com. For those of you joining us viaWebcast, we also invite you to view the slide presentation, which accompaniestoday's conference call. The same slides will be available for download fromour website after the call. Financial results in today's press release are unaudited andthe matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, andas such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail inour documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms10-K and 10Q, and any applicable amendments which identify important riskfactors that could cause actual results to differ materially from thosecontained in the forward-looking statements. Additionally, financial results in today's press release andthe matters we will be discussing today may include non-GAAP measures used byVeriSign. Our non-GAAP income statement and the description of items excludedin our non-GAAP financial information are located on the VeriSign investorrelations website. In a moment, Bill and Bert will provide some preparedremarks, and afterward we will open up the call to your questions. Unauthorizedrecording of this conference call is not permitted, and we anticipate the callwill end at approximately 3 p.m. With that, I would like to turn call over to Bill. Bill?
Bill Roper: Thanks, Ken. In this call, we're going to continue with theformat that we introduced last quarter: my opening comments will be followed byBert with the discussion of the financial results for the third quarter and ourlimited guidance for the fourth quarter. And then at the end, I will share somethoughts, as they relate to the business outlook, and what we believe to beareas of particular interest to investors, including the status of our strategicbusiness review and our capital structure, before we move on to the Q&Aportion of the call. So with that, let's take a look at the third quarter. Thethird quarter was a solid quarter, as we reported total revenue of $377 millionincluding $374 million of revenue from continuing operations, which wasconsistent with our previous guidance. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.27. The solid financialperformance was again driven by our core franchises of Naming and SSL. We endedthe quarter with over 77 million domain names in our adjusted zone for .com and.net, compared to 73 million names last quarter. And our installed base of SSLcertificates totaled 912,000 compared, to 883,000 certs at the end of thesecond quarter. Reorganization that we announced earlier this year and, atthis point expense management, are continuing to bear fruit, as the operatingmargins for the end quarter improved to 23.4%. On the staff side of the house, Kevin Werner joined us torun our Corporate Development and Strategy Group, as Bob Korzeniewskitransitions to a part time position beginning early next year. Korzo has been a real mainstay of our organization for adozen years, and we expect to continue to tap his knowledge and experience asKevin takes over responsibility for M&A activities. Kevin and I have worked together for 13 years now, and hewill be a tremendous successor to Bob. Grant Clark, who also joined the team asour Chief Administrative Officer with responsibility for improving our businessprocesses in addition to overseeing the company's operational and riskmanagement activities. This is a newly created position on our executive teamand having known and work with Grant for 14 years now. He has the right mix ofexperience and skills that help us to add needed structure in business. Mark McLaughlin, has indicated that he'd like to spend moretime with his family before considering new career opportunities and Iappreciate that Mark made his decision to leave the company in a way thatenables us to develop a smooth transition that he will personally help toexecute over the next month or so. On behalf of the team at VeriSign, I want tothank Mark for his significant contributions to the company over the last eightyears and which in luck he enters the next chapter in his life and his career. And then, finally, I'm really particularly pleased that JimBidzos, has returned to the role of board Chair. As you probably know, Jim completedthe SSL heritage business of VeriSign, he founded our company in 1995 and hehas been a part of it ever since. Jim is a true technology leader and created aforce for an innovation, and we are very pleased to have him walk in the houseagain. Welcome back Jim. Moving now to the business metrics for the third quarter,I'll start with the information in security products lines, which include ourNaming and SSL services. As stated earlier, our Naming business continues toshow strength, as the adjusted zone for registered names in .com and .net nowexceeds 77 million names that's an increase of 25% year-over-year. This growthis driven by continued global [internetted] option with 7.5 million new domainname registrations for .com and .net during the quarter and as well as renewalof about 10 million names during the quarter combined we booked 17.5 millionnew domain name registrations and renewals during the quarter and this a recordeclipsing last quarters record results. The underlying growth drivers are consistent with priorquarters with solid growth in both US and international markets. We saw agrowth from all the customer segments including corporate, smaller mid-sizedbusiness, consumer and pay-per-click customers. The PPC slice of the marketremained small but it's a consistent part of our new name sales in overallbase. As a reminder, we implemented a fee increase last month inregistry fees for dot-com and dot-net, which increased by 7% and 10%respectively, to $6.42 and $3.85. The actual renewal rate for the second quarter was 76% andthat is our higher end of our historical range and higher than our preliminaryestimate of 75% that we provided you at the first of the quarter. However, wedo expect that the actual renewal rate for the third quarter will be littlelower than last quarter. And then, finally, our digital infrastructure is nowhandling peak loads of nearly $32 billion DNS requests a day. VeriSign's uniquecapability to operate global network at this scale and reliability isunparallel as the most active network on the pace of the globe. Moving to our Security Services, we'll start with our secondcore franchise, the SSL business, which sold over 217,000 certificates duringthe quarter, bringing the installed base to 912,000 certs. We are pleased withthis growth and it represents a 3% sequential growth in this base. We're also pleased with the results of our extendedvalidation or EV certificates as customers like, PayPal, Bank of the West,British Airways, Charles Schwab, Time Warner, Travelocity and many more havegone green with EV. And demand for the EV certificates was excellent in thethird quarter and even after excluding a major customer win sequential growthfor more then 25%. Now, this product is still in its infancy but we are thenumber one provider for EV certificates in the marketplace at this time. And wecontinue to expect that the EV adoption cycle will be consistent with previous premiumpriced SSL products that we've offered in the past. Microsoft's comments lastweek around Vista adoption further improve ourconfidence around the EV growth potentials. The annualized average selling price across the entire baseof VeriSign, GeoTrust and Thawte-branded certificates was $262, down from lastquarters $275. This decline reflects the continued trend of a product mix shiftas the GeoTrust branded certificates continue to grow faster than the overallportfolio. And additionally, the ASP for the VeriSign brandedcertificates has declined slightly during the quarter, as we had two major winswithin the past customers booked during the quarter. One of our primaryemerging businesses is our Identity Protection. The VeriSign IdentityProtection Program, VIP, continues to be a great example of an Internet-scaleservice that's running on a global infrastructure to provide scalable andsecure real time validation capabilities that can support millions of onlineusers. In addition to the VIP program, we also provide IdentityProtection services including Fraud Detection services and One-Time Password orOTP authentication services. This quarter our national Tier-1 bank announced a majorpilot program, using our OTP authentication services across tens of thousandsof customers. We also met a key milestone this quarter having now sold over 1million credentials across our OTP and VIP programs to partners such as PayPal. Speaking of PayPal, their official US rollout in Februaryand their continued geographic expansion in the Germanyand Australiawith more countries to come, we continue to be pleased with the strong uptakeof these credentials by consumers. And they expect to see this as optioncontinue to ramp. I'll now move to our Communication Services group, whichconcludes three categories. The first is digital content and messaging, whichincludes our wireless and broadband content services combined with our wirelessmessaging service. The second is communications and commerce, which includesour network, database and billing services. And the third category isprofessional services, which is made up mostly of our wireless consulting and implementationcapabilities. Let's start with digital content and messaging. We continueto see strong growth in the core messaging volumes. However, pricing environmentremains challenging as we discussed last quarter. And we do not expect this situationto improve over the remainder of this year. Our focus over the last quarter has been on strengtheningour existing customer relationships, and we've made good strides on this frontin resolving past performance issues with our technical platforms. On the content delivery front, while we see continuedinterest, strong interest in our Intelligent Content Delivery Network, or ICDN.We see the broader content delivery market, the rich media content as a nascentopportunity, one which will take time and investment to develop into meaningfulfinancial results. Our legacy Communications and Commerce business continued tobe a mixed bag of results. We saw a growth in the wireless billing subscriberbase at MetroPCS and Leap, as we now support nearly 12 million wireless userswith our billing and payment services platforms. However, the gains for thesecustomers were offset by declines in our prepaid services business. And in closing our business review, the professionalservices results were flat from last quarter, as both revenue and expenses werelower on lower available headcount. I'd now like to turn the call over to Bert for awalk-through of our financial results for the third quarter and guidance forthe fourth quarter. Bert.
Bert Clement: Thanks, Bill, and thanks to everyone for joining us thisafternoon. We are pleased with the results this quarter, especially thecontinued growth we’ve seen from the Internet Services group and 190 basispoints improvement in our non-GAAP operating margins from continuingoperations. Both revenue and earnings per share were consistent with ourguidance. The non GAAP results we'll discuss throughout this call, reflectcontinuing operations for the third quarter, comparisons with prior periodexcludes both Jamba and Jamba Service. You'll see Jamba Service classified as discontinuedoperations. In the third quarter price for sales, Jamba Service generatedrevenue of $3.1 million and operating income of over $1.8 million. VeriSignconsolidated revenue for the quarter was $377 million including $374 millionfrom continuing operation. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 23.4% in exceedingguidance by 40 basis points given continued benefits of the restructuringefforts initiated earlier this year as well as having grown the top line fasterthan expenses. In mid August, we completed $1.25 billion convertible debtoffering. The large majority of the proceeds from these transactions will beused for share repurchases and today we have repurchased 31.4 million shares atan average price $30.12. We also recognized $5 million in interest expensesquarter and the debt offering will be accretive to earnings per share. Let me now give you some additional detail on the financialresults of the third quarter. Reported revenue from continuing operations of $374,revenue grew 3% sequentially and 15% year-over-year in line with guidanceprovided during our last conference call. Past trends continue to hold where we see the strongestgrowth in our core businesses and positive growth in our emerging business. Ourcommunications and commerce businesses continue to be an exception. As in past quarters, the reporting revenue based on our twobusiness segments ISG and CSG. The Internet Services Group grew approximately5% sequentially and 21% year-over-year, with revenues of $236 million or 63% oftotal revenue. This growth was fueled by strength in .com, SSL and IdentityProtection. The Communications Services Group reported revenue of $138million for Q3 or 37% of total revenue down 1% from last quarter and up 5% year-over-year.CSG revenue is comprised of digital content and messaging which was upslightly, communications and commerce which was flat sequentially, andprofessional services which was down over the last quarter. Moving to international operations, the percentage ofrevenue driven from international customers, affiliates and subsidiaries was16% as compared to 15% last quarter. Cost of revenue for the third quarter was $143 million,non-GAAP Q3 gross margin was 61.8% up from 60.3% last quarter. The factorscontributing to the increase in gross margin includes reductions in headcountsand contract labor costs as well as decreases in direct costs of revenues ISG. Turning to operating margin, total operating expenses for Q3were $143 million or 38.4% of revenue, down from 38.8% last quarter. Thepercentage decline was expected given our expectation to grow expenses at lowerrates than revenue. We saw similar benefits in other operational areas as well,driving a non-GAAP operating margin of 23.4% as compared with 21.5% lastquarter and exceeded our expectations by almost 40 basis points. Other income including minority interest was slightly morethan $5 million for the quarter. This includes six-week of interest expense onthe convertible debt transactions and no contribution to other income fromJamba. In the fourth quarter, we expect a one-time loss of $1million to $2 million from the Jamba JV, as a result of an unplanned one-timeexpenditure. We will be monitoring the situations very closely. With theexpected loss from Jamba and a full quarter of interest expense we expect otherincome will be approximately $1 million to $2 million for the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $66 millionincluding Jamba Service with earnings per share of $0.27. The diluted sharecount is in EPS was approximately 246 million shares. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow items,operating cash flow for the quarter came in at a $109 million drivers for thepositive free cash flow were approximately 70 million net stock repurchasesfrom the debt deal, 13 million from the sale of Jamba Service, and 220 millionfrom stock option exercise. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $47 million with16% attributable to ISG, 48% to CSG, and 36% for corporate infrastructure, andbringing the year-to-date total to approximately $94 million. We do not expectcapital expenditures for the year will exceed $150-$160 million. Our ability to consistently generate solid operating cashflows resulted in our maintaining a strong balance sheet with ending cashequivalents and short-term investments approaching $1.2 billion an increase of$371 million from last quarter. Net DSO for the third quarter was up 6 days to 50 days, as aresult of our transitioning through a new CSG billing platform late lastquarter. During the transition, invoices were issued late, resulting in ahigher DSO. The issue was identified and addressed during the quarter, and weexpect DSO will decline next quarter, as we worked the impact through accountsreceivables. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $711 million, up $26million from the previous quarter, and 21% year-over-year. The increase indeferred revenue was driven by strength in our registry and security services.We ended the quarter with 4,370 people. Moving now to guidance for the fourth quarter, and keepingwith our new guidance policy discussed last quarter, we're providing revenueand operating margin guidance for the following quarter as also providinghigh-level commentary about longer-term trends we expect to see in ourbusiness. We continue to expect organic revenue growth accompanied bymargin expansion and earnings acceleration. For the fourth quarter, weanticipate revenue will be approximately $375 million to $385 million which isflat to up 3% from the third quarter. We expect to solid and continued growthin our core businesses, partially offset by decline in our communicationsbusiness. Turning to operating margins for Q4, we expect operatingmargins will be approximately 25%, up from 23.5% this quarter. We will continueto execute on plans, while we are investment for growth in next generationservices as well as remaining focused on discipline, expense, management. Asdiscussed earlier, we expect the Jamba JV will incur a loss of $1 million to $2million in Q4, which we would expect to impact EPS by a penny. Lastly, we would expect that diluted share count would beapproximately 230 million shares assuming current stock price level. Theaccelerated share repurchases or ASR program will be ongoing through the end ofthe fourth quarter. At the conclusion of the ASR program, we planned tocontinue share repurchase activity over the following quarters using the $985million of authorization remaining under our $1 billion plan. So in summary, we are quite pleased with the results thisquarter. As we look to Q4, the continued strong performance we expect from ourcore services increasing contribution from emerging services as well as positiveresults from the restructuring provide us with positive momentum going into Q4as we approach 2008. We'll provide additional perspective on 2008 at our AnalystDay on November 14th with our strategy business review we'll have a significantimpact on current revenue and earnings estimates. Let me now pass it back to Bill, for the business outlook.
Bill Roper: Thanks. As Bert just mentioned, we continue to see strengthin our core businesses. And we are also focusing on the development of severalbusinesses, including content delivery, messaging and identity protection.Overtime, we expected our portfolio or emerging businesses well above as wecontinually access our opportunities in terms of our strategy, market positionand our ability to win. From an internal management perspective, we continue to worktoward a higher level of discipline in our business practices. Efforts are wellunderway on his front and our hiring of Grant Clark, who I mentioned earlier isindicative of our commitment to improve our performance over time. Our financial position is strong, allowing us to invest inour core and emerging businesses to maintain our growth, to expand ouroperational leverage and at the same time improve the efficiency of our capitalstructure. On that note, I would like to turn the discussion areas thatwe believe our particular interest based on conversations we've had withshareholders. These topics include status of our strategic business review andour capital structure. As a reminder, we initiated a company-wide reorganization inJanuary. This reorganization was not really a destination as much as it was ourfirst step and our continual process of adjusting and refining our overallstrategy to meet changing the market conditions. And as stated before, I'm a big believer and focused. Wesimply must focus our resources on a more limited set of meaningful growthopportunities to improve our success rate as a company. And to that end, weinitiated a business review to understand and asses how each businesses fits interms of our strategy, our market position and our ability to win. This business review is now substantially complete. Andwhile we won't into details on today's call, we do intend to discuss this infurther detail at our Analyst Day on November 14th. We hope that you'll be ableto attend in person or video of the webcast. The second area that I like to discuss is the capitalstructure. As we discussed earlier, we successfully completed our convertibledebt offerings raising $1.25 billion and we use a large majority of theproceeds to repurchase shares. In fact this quarter we repurchased over 31million shares accounting approximately 13% of the total shares outstanding. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, with cash andequivalents approaching $1.2 billion, and of course, we expect we will continueto generate healthy operating cash flows. So in total, we're in excellentposition to continue to invest with greater discipline in our businesses. Andto the extent that we do not see investment opportunities, which meet our riskadjusted return threshold, we will seek effective and efficient means ofreturning cash to our shareholders through initiatives like our sharerepurchase program. And we're not going to provide guidance on future sharerepurchases, but we do note that we still have approximately $985 million authorizedfor share repurchase. And we continue to believe that our capital structure isan avenue to unlocking shareholder value overtime. So in summary, the third quarter was a solid quarter, in termsof, key financial metrics. We are pleased with the performance of our corebusinesses and their future prospects, the strength of our management team, andthe commitment of our tremendously talented employee base. Looking forward, we except strong organic revenue growth inour core businesses, partially offset by the clients in our communicationbusinesses accompanied by margin expansion and earnings accelerations. I'd like to conclude my remarks by thanking ourshareholders, our business partners, our customers, and our employees for theircontinued support. And with that, we'd like to open the call for yourquestions. Operator, may we have the first question, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll go first to Rob Owens,Pacific Crest.
Rob Owens - PacificCrest: A couple of questions: First of all, could you give us asense of where the attach rate is for EV certs right now? And kind of how weshould think about that as we move forward? And in light of that, at what pointdo we see ASP start swing the other way?
Bill Roper: Would you repeat the question? You broke up a bit, and wedidn't hear the first part.
Rob Owens - PacificCrest: Question was regarding EV certs: Extended ValidationCertificates, and effectively what the attach rate looks like right now? Andwhat some expectations might be in terms of how that can drive overall ASPsmoving forward?
John Donovan: Hi, it's John Donovan. I'll take the question. Right now,we're seeing continued uptake. One of the things that we have done this yearis, we've augmented the channels to ensure that that up sale goes much moresmoothly. So, we were very pleased with the take rate. We haven't established yet metrics, which we think are goingto be consistent and sustainable for you to measure that performance. But themetrics that we're using right now internally, which were the root drivers ofthat are up rather smartly this quarter. So, I think, we will provide at Analyst Day a more detailview of some of the metrics of measurement in that business, but from thestandpoint of enterprise adoption, we're very pleased with where that's beenheaded.
Rob Owens - PacificCrest: Okay. And as we look at guidance for the fourth quarter,fairly flat sequentially modest uptake, any sense as to what comes out of ISGversus CSG, what type of declines quarter-over-quarter you're expecting in CSGthere?
Bill Roper: Yeah. We don't usually provide that level of detail but inline with what we have been seeing historically here.
Rob Owens - PacificCrest: Great, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs.
Sarah Friar - GoldmanSachs: Good afternoon guys. Just on that question around guidance,I mean, you are being guiding than a little from where the street was, is therea concern that in some of the non-core businesses, particularly and now at theCSG area that you continue to see erosion because they've effectively becomenon-core, I mean, how are you dealing with that?
John Donovan: Yeah, this is John, what we have seen, we're obviously arelead indicators that are the customer activity indicators and that's the RFP'sthat we see the, the bookings that we get and the backlog and we watch thatvery closely not only by win rate and customers, but we look at it buy productas well and we actually have been having very strong quarters throughout thelast two quarters in the customer activity, in the bookings, in thecommunications. So, I would say that in general our sharing some of the morechallenging businesses is growing up and what we are dealing with there is abackdrop against a price decline. So, I'm very thrilled that what the channelhas been doing and the focus that we've been able to maintain through thisportfolio review. And I would say that those businesses as we start tocategorized them as non-core and mange them that we'll find that '08, Q4 in '08will be consistent with the guidance we've given you and we're dealing with theunderlying economics of our price decline and volume, but I think the win ratesare good and right now the pipeline is healthy.
Sarah Friar - GoldmanSachs: Okay, that's good to hear. And then, just maybe on morepositive note, on the registry side, obviously we have the price increasestarting to kick in now, but when we could we start to see maybe someadditional services coming out of that registry business and given that you cannow that, how they, I cannot be able set up?
John Donovan: Yeah, this is John, one of the things that we are going togo through extensively at Analyst Day, and Bill has been a big proponent, andwe talk a lot about focus and discipline, and we've done a great job of thathere over the last several quarters. One it maybe has been underserved its someof our dialogues with new folks, as just the innovation process itself. Andwe've been using the same focus and discipline into building how we gait inhurdle things in the investment portfolio. So, I would suspect that over the course for next, for thewhile here, as we talk about areas where we are going to invest and grow thatwe will, you will see a very logical path and plan for growth in all of ourcore services evolving the base product line. And also looking for adjacentmarkets, that we conserve that have either similar go to market and technologyor potentially the length of the businesses that we are in today. So, we don't have the answer that it will provide a lot ofclarity on Analyst Day for the things that we are doing there and I think thatyou'll see that we have a lot of great opportunities presented by the businessin both the SSL and the domain business as well. 
Sarah Friar - GoldmanSachs: Great, okay. We look forward to seeing at there. Thanks alot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Israel Hernandez ofLehman Brothers.
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers: Hello everyone. With respect to the ICDN, you indicated thatit was still in nascent stages and this is require some time and someinvestment, is that suggesting that perhaps ICDN might not be in VeriSignlong-term plans or are you going to committed its growing that business or isit just may not be worth it?
Bill Roper: Good question Israel, I hope you are coming toAnalyst Day. We'll spend a little time on that. We are constantly reassessingall of our investment periods. We are adding new ones, we are taking a hardlook at the fundamentals of these markets develop and the stream really is thetechnology and our capabilities, the market size, growth rate in economics thatthey deliver and our ability to win and have a meaningful market position. Andwe are constantly looking at all these opportunities against those streams.
Israel Hernandaz - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks. That sounds like nice.
Operator: We'll go next to Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank.
Todd Raker - DeutscheBank: Hi, guys. Two questions for you. First, on the priceincrease for dot-com and dot-net, can you just give us an inside, in terms of,the current contracts links around the domain name? And how you feel with yourrenews cycle, kind of, looks like over the next, I think it's about 18 monthsfor that to roll in, how should we think about that? And then, from a pricingperspective, when would be the next opportunity, you guys can take pricing up asecond time?
Bill Roper: I think I got part of that question and I may have missedpart, can I start at the back and go forward. The current contract that we havegoes through 2012 and allows for a total of four price increases of up to 7%each in the case of dot-com. And they can be no more frequent then once a year.That was the part I remember. Can you repeat the first part of the question?
Todd Raker - DeutscheBank: Yeah. What is the average contract links for domain thesedays?
Bill Roper: It's a little over a year, it's about 1.2 years is theaverage term.
Todd Raker - DeutscheBank: Okay. And some renewals factor, they've been pretty smoothover the four quarters or should we see seasonality here around the end of theyear?
Bill Roper: I'm sorry we're just not hearing you're faded. Could yourepeat?
Todd Raker - DeutscheBank: Yeah. From the renewal perspective should we see seasonalityaround the end of the year or is it going to be pretty smooth over the fourquarters?
Bill Roper: Season's question, I see.
Bert Clement: I think it's in a range of where it's between historically,we are still analyzing where the actual rate is for Q3. Our view is that itwill be slightly lower than what it was in Q2, which turned out to be higherthan our initial estimate guess. The historical range on that's been about 73to 77, our second quarter, which is the sort of the higher end of the range,and we expected to drift back down towards nil?
John Donovan: Yeah. This is John. Just to add there. I mean there is aseasonality of who is doing renewing, and those sorts of things. But also inthe non-renewals you're dealing with business failures, and pay-per-clicks andwe had the price increase and the economics for the pay-per-clicks of how youget an ROI on a name. So, we think Q3 was a little unusual in the things that wesaw, but we don't see anything that would indicate that we're going to beoutside our traditional range, although, we believe Q3 will probably be on thelower end of that historical range.
Todd Raker - DeutscheBank: Okay. And then, just one quick follow-up on the SSLbusiness, you've mentioned that the VeriSign ASP was down, but you stated toolarge on prior transaction. If you have not had those two large deals with theASP around the VeriSign certs have been down?
John Donovan: Yeah. The ASP would have been slightly up at that point.
Todd Raker - DeutscheBank: Okay…
John Donovan: If you have not had those two in.
Todd Raker - DeutscheBank: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Kuper from Morgan Stanley.
Peter Kuper - MorganStanley: Great, guys. Just maybe two simple questions as here, but Inoticed in your comments, you said about $220 million from stock optionexercising, perhaps you bought a lot of stock. One concern we have had those --given the ongoing stock option verification lot of employees had end-up stockin desire, shall we say, are you feeling comfortable now that, you know, wehave kind of passed a Russian stock selling on the insiders, and that you mightsee more normalized activity, enhance your buyback activity, maybe morenormalized going forward?
Bert Clement: Yes. I think we had pent-up demand. We were locked up forabout 15 months. The stock price also moved over 100% in that time period, sothere was definitely a big push there. We expected to go back to a normalizedrate at this point. We also did have a catch-up with our employee stockpurchase program as well. So we expect those numbers to level-off as we goforward. And we do expect to continue to buy stock regardless.
Peter Kuper - MorganStanley:
that:
Bert Clement: There is not. 
Peter Kuper - MorganStanley: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). We'll go next to Katherine Egbert ofJefferies and Company.
Katherine Egbert -Jefferies & Company: Hi, good afternoon. Just a quick clarification on youroutlook for Q4. Does it include the loss of any lines of business or anyrevenue?
Bert Clement: What do you mean by the loss of…
Katherine Egbert -Jefferies & Company: Does it include anything in terms of divest?
Bert Clement: No, we're given you number as if today, without anydivestiture numbers.
Katherine Egbert -Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then, I've a question for Bill, how are you doingversus you initially thought on kind of the strategic rational of the Company,especially, when the fact that there has been so many changes in the personnel?You feel like you are in track?
Bill Roper: Actually, I think we are little ahead of track. We are not“came on board”, the team has done a fair amount of the work already. They wereready. They've turn to the task well. I actually think we're little ahead ofwhere I might have expected to be. I don't think I had a particular timeline inmind. You might note, we’ve accomplished a number of things. We completed theoption review. We got our books in records up-to-date and we reopened our stocksystem. We did the share repurchase. We’ve added some staff members.We’ve substantially completed the strategic review of the business portfolioand we are now going into the action mode there. And we’ve continue to operatethe Company pretty much on track for the first three quarters of this year. SoI’m pretty pleased with what we’ve accomplished. I will tell you that we got alot of people working very hard. But I think very effectively and very dedicateand committed staff and team and overall talent base within the Company. So, if you are asking how I feel, I'm actually pleased withwhere we are.
Katherine Egbert -Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then, last one, just quickly. How much leverageare you comfortable with?
Bill Roper: We thought, we have really not talked about an optimalcapital structure or those type things but we will just note that we have astrong balance sheet. We have a very good stable, predictable cash flows, wehave good businesses that have a lot of visibility and so a company like thatshould be able to carry a reasonable amount of leverage and services withoutrunning into problems.
Bert Clement: And we also have a $500 million line of credit that isuntapped at this time.
Katherine Egbert -Jefferies & Company: Okay, thank you.
Bill Roper: Yeah.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Winslow from Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - CreditSuisse: Hi guys, I just wanted to insight of our deferred revenueportrait and just what your expectations are for next quarter? And then, whenyou do look longer-term when you start to making the effect of the priceincrease but also if you see improvement in terms of ASPs or the certs, justhow should we think about deferred revenue in the next quarter but potentiallynext year?
Bert Clement: Yes. We think deferred revenue is going to continue to growat the rate is being growing over the last couple of quarters. Obviously, Q1 isusually a very strong deferred revenue quarter for our registry business. Sothat will be again continued the time not as to the magnitude that has been inthe past as of as the new names have been running all year round, a record atthis point. So, we do think that the price increase will kick in to thedeferred revenue base here late in the fourth quarter and then going into thefirst half of next year before we see meaningful results on the revenue end. Welook pretty confidently as the deferred revenue is going to continue to grow.
Phil Winslow - CreditSuisse: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Walter Pritchard of Cowen and Company.
Walter Pritchard -Cowen and Company: Hi guys, just one level of addition detail may be you couldgive us around professional services headcount, you talked about that and thebill of account being down. Could you maybe quantify that for us year-over-yearor are you see year-over-year might be the most meaningful in terms of how manyit is down?
Bill Roper: Yeah, without talking about the specific numbers, let metell you what the chart of professional services was for this year and that wasin addition to the professional services, which enabled some of the compsbusiness. We have professional services virtue an integral part in the earlystage of sales in the security side of the business in particular the MSSportfolio. So, we recharged them this year to move the big needle ofthe company looking for larger sales in increasing the average deal size thatwe had in those businesses, we've done a good job of doing that. Our averagedeal size is up both in the pipeline and in the things that we have booked. And we are starting to get out of some of the serviceoffering areas which are pure professional services, because the blendedmargins will obviously not be that acceptable. So that, moving the big needleis the objective that we have. So, we'll continue to have professional servicesas the tail on the dog. And I think right now we've recalibrated that portfolioto be in line where we think it can make a bigger difference. So I think we are on track for what it's designed to do andwe are on track with aligning it to the performance of the businesses thatsupporting. But I would expect that going forward that we will probably reducethe total numbers that we have in there consistent with the portfolio movesthat we make.
Walter Pritchard -Cowen and Company: Got you. And is that part of the guidance for Q4 or is thatsomething that's a longer-term move into 2008 and beyond?
Bill Roper: That's a longer-term move in the 2008.
Walter Pritchard -Cowen and Company: Okay. And then, just last question, around the executivechanges, is there a plan to bring somebody else in the external to fill some ofthe product marketing and customer service roles that Mark McLaughlin had or isthat, are you filling it around with internal personnel?
Bill Roper: There is no plan to bring in any additional executives inthat area. We've got a good team here, John Donovan is stepping up to somebroader responsibilities. Several other members of the team are accepting someadditional responsibilities. We've really got a pretty good team here.
Walter Pritchard -Cowen and Company: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Scott Kessler ofStandard and Poor's Equity Research.
Scott Kessler -Standard & Poor's Equity Research: Thanks a lot. I think most of my questions have been askedand answered, but can you just repeat the specifics about the executives whoare going to have, either have diminish roles of the company or leaving thecompany?
Bill Roper: No one is having a diminish role, Bob Korzeniewski, who hasbeen heading up our strategic development area for, I guess, since about 2000,and part of that was with network solutions and even before that with SAIC hasbeen desirous or slowing down for quite sometime now. We've continued to encourage Korzo to stay on Board, andhe's really come to the point where he'd like to spend a little more time onsome personal and charitable philanthropic-type activities. And so, inconjunction we're being able to bring Kevin Werner on Board, Korzo will beslowing down. He'll still be with us on a part-time basis. And we're lookingforward to continuing contributions from Korzo and Kevin is a great replacementand I think he'll do a super job there. We mentioned that Mark was leaving for personal reasons, weare sorry to see Mark go, but we respect his desire to spend some more timewith his family and to evaluate other opportunities that may come his way. Other than that, I'd say we've had people step up toadditional responsibilities including John that I just mentioned and there reallyaren’t any other changes off significance. We’ve some internal promotions. Ifyou go back to shortly after I joined, Bert Clement, our Chief FinancialOfficer, is an internal promotion and Marie Law, our Head of HR is an internalpromotion. And so we’ve had a few things like that but we’ve not -- therereally hasn’t been that much movement.
Scott Kessler -Standard and Poor's Equity Research: Great. Okay. Thanks. And my second question involves, Iguess this is kind of been touched upon, but I wanted to explore it a littlebit more. I was surprised frankly, when I saw the news that you guys were doinga debt offering and an accelerated repurchase, largely because you already hada pretty strong cash position at that point, especially given the status of thecredit markets. I’m wondering kind of what contributed to that activity,obviously, we all know that you were forced out from repurchasing stock forpretty extended period of time, but if you look at the outstanding shares,let’s say, in Q2 versus this quarter, I think as it was alluded to it actuallywent up. Now, obviously, you are guiding for a notable decline but I’m kind ofwondering, is it just a notion that you wanted to deploy your cash and youdidn't see any other internal or acquisition opportunities. Thanks a lot.
Bill Roper: Okay. This is Bill. Let me take up charge and then if Bretwants to jump in, he can. The several questions I think embedded, maybe, partof your question is, why didn't we use existing cash versus a debt offering. Wethought it was a unique window in the market and the structure of theparticular transaction that we used is very, very efficient, its very low costcapital. So the net-net of that transaction was to materially lower ourweighted average cost of capital. That was part of that. We use substantially all of the proceeds for repurchase thatwe made in conjunction with the transaction or co-link said that we fixed theprice, which we repay the shares. So there was a decent arbitrage there. We dostill have as noted excess cash. We have borrowing power. And we have greatcash flows. and so that should be taken as a signal that we willcontinue to take that money and either invest internally in new productdevelopment and so forth or make acquisitions that we can find meaningfulacquisitions and state our strategy. And we can be assured they will get a goodrisk adjusted return on them and debt cash or cash flow is left over afterthat. We intend to continue to employ message to return on debt to ourshareholders. Does that cover you question?
Scott Kessler -Standard and Poor's Equity Research: Yeah. I guess, I was wondering I think it was touched upon,but you saw sequential outstanding shares all increased?
Bill Roper: Let me touch that one too.
Scott Kessler -Standard and Poor's Equity Research: Yeah. 
Bill Roper: The third quarter is always the quarter of net shareissuance due to the -- that's the time of the year we do our equity round forour employees or large number of our employees participate in equity programs,both non qualify stock options as well as our issues. And so in the thirdquarter there is a fair amount of issuance typically in connection with that.And then we also in this particular third quarter as a factor that Bert alreadymentioned that was having been, sort of, out of business, if you will, forabout 15 months. There was this for backlog of employee stock optionexercises and the ESPP catch-up and so forth. So that would have happenedwhether we bought stock back or not in the third quarter, really the repurchasejust helped to minimize that and you'll see us return to being net purchaser, Ibelieve of own shares or you'll see shares outstanding going downquarter-to-quarter from this point forward.
Scott Kessler -Standard and Poor's Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We'll take our last question from Shaul Eyal of CIBCWorld Markets.
Shaul Eyal - CIBCWorld Markets: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon, guys. One quick question onthe ISQ front, the growth that you have seen in the addition in new URL inwebsite, can you quantify for us kind of from a geographic perspective whereit's coming from mainly?
Bill Roper: Yeah. Well, I mean there are a number of geographies thatare doing well. But if you look at the international expansion we have rightnow, it's growing faster than the overall rate in Chinaand Germany,are two areas right now where we are getting substantial growth.
Shaul Eyal - CIBCWorld Markets: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have no additional questions at this time. I'd like toturn the call back over to, Mr. Ken Bond for any closing remarks.
Ken Bond: Thank you, operator. We anticipate that our next quarterlyconference call, which will reflect our fourth quarter 2007 results will beheld on Thursday, January 31st, at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time, 5:00 p.m. Easterntime. Final confirmation of this date will be provided, the first business dayafter the close of the quarter on January 1st. I would also like to remind you that in light of RegulationFD, VeriSign plans to retain its long-standing policy to not comment on itsfinancial guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through a publicdisclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-upquestions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continuedsupport. This concludes our call. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you everyone fortheir participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-27 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ken Bond - Investor Relations   Bill Roper - President and CEO   Bert Clement - Chief Financial Officer   Mark McLaughlin – EVP, Products and Marketing   John Donovan – EVP, Worldwide Sales and Services 
Analysts: Ed Maguire - Merrill Lynch   Sterling Auty - JP Morgan   Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank   Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley   Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan   Shaul Eyal - CIBC World Markets   Eric Kovensky - Jefferies & Company   Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird   Bill Winslow - Credit Suisse   Kevin Buttigieg - A. G. Edwards   Rob Sanderson - American Technology Research 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the VeriSign Incorporated second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Bond. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Dixie. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for VeriSign’s second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. I am Ken Bond, Director of Investor Relations, and I am here today with Bill Roper, President and CEO of VeriSign; and Bert Clement, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us remotely this afternoon are Mark McLaughlin and John Donovan, who will participate during the question-and-answer portion of the call.  The Q2 2007 press release is available on FirstCall, Market Wire, as well as the VeriSign Investor Relations website at investor.verisign.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at 5 pm Pacific time via telephone at 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 for international callers. The pass code for both numbers is 6843620.  For those of you joining us via webcast, we invite you to view the slide presentation which accompanies today’s conference call. These same slides will be available for download from our website after the call.  Financial results in today’s press release are unaudited and the matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC.  Specifically, the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Additionally, financial results in today’s press release and the matters we will be discussing today may include non-GAAP measures used by VeriSign. A description of items excluded in our non-GAAP financial information is located on our website.  In a moment, Bill and Bert will provide some prepared remarks and afterwards, we will open up the call to your questions. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. We anticipate the call will end at approximately 3 p.m.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Bill. 
Bill Roper: Thanks, Ken. In this call we are going to modify the call format and content somewhat from past practice. Our aim is to reduce the time allocated to prepared remarks, allowing more time for your questions by focusing our discussion on key parts of our business. Further, going forward we will limit our formal guidance to next quarter revenue and operating margins.  My opening comments will be followed by Bert with a discussion of the financial results for the quarter and our limited guidance for the third quarter. Lastly, our shares and thoughts as they relate to the business outlook and what we believe to be the primary areas of investor interest, including our strategic business review and our capital structure, before we move to the Q&A portion of the call. This tighter format will be supplemented with more detailed information in the slides accompanying this webcast which are available for download now.  So with that, let’s talk a bit about the second quarter. Q2 was a solid quarter as we reported total revenues of $368 million, which was consistent with our previous guidance. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.25, also in line with the prior guidance.  The solid financial performance was driven by our core franchises of naming and SSL. We ended the quarter with over 73 million domain names in the adjusted zone for dot-com and dot-net compared with 69 million names at the end of the prior quarter. And our installed base of SSL certificates totaled 883,000 compared to 850,000 search at the end of the first quarter.  The reorganization that we announced earlier this year is continuing to bear fruit as operating margins for the quarter improved to 21.6%.  In addition to naming Bert as our Chief Financial Officer this quarter, we also announced that Rick Goshorn has joined our staff as General Counsel, bringing 26 years of international business and legal experience to VeriSign. Congratulations to Bert on his well-deserved promotion and welcome aboard, Rick.  I am also pleased that Rusty Lewis who formerly managed our Internet Domain Registry business from 2002 to 2004 has agreed to rejoin VeriSign on a full-time basis to assist us with our strategic development activities. Bert, Rick and Rusty provide a great complement to our already strong operational team of Mark McLaughlin, John Donovan, Ari Balogh and Bob Korzeniewski.  Finally, I am also pleased that John Roach has been appointed to the company’s Board of Directors last week. John is the Chairman and CEO of Stonegate International, a private investment and advisory services company based in Dallas and was formerly Chairman, President and Chief Executive of Fiberboard Corporation. John will serve on the audit committee of the board and he brings a wealth of management experience to VeriSign. Welcome aboard, John.  I have been on the job for about two months now and I’ve talked with a good number of our key constituencies including customers, employees, business partners and of course, our shareholders. Over this time talking with people and asking a lot of questions, I have learned much about our opportunities and our challenges and we’ve begun to formulate some views on what we need to do to be successful going forward.  Now with that said, as my time here has been short, I will keep my comments fairly high level at this time with the commitment to you that we will provide more detail as part of our analyst day in November.  VeriSign is truly a great company with high-value products and services and very good positioning in the marketplace. Our core businesses have excellent brand identity and enjoy healthy economics, while our emerging businesses bring the company exciting opportunities for growth. As we look forward, we are optimistic about our third quarter and beyond, but of course we are not without our challenges.  Moving now to the business metrics for the second quarter, I’d like to start with our information and security product lines, which include our naming and SSL services. As stated earlier, our naming business continues to show strength as the registered names for dot-com and dot-net now exceed 73 million names, an increase of 27% year over year. This growth was driven in part by the 7 million net new registrations that we processed during the quarter as well as the renewals which continue to show strength with over 10 million transactions during the quarter. So combined, we processed over 17 million new registrations and renewals this quarter, eclipsing the last quarter’s record results.  Our renewal rate continues to remain strong, coming in at an estimated 76% for the second quarter which is consistent with prior periods. The underlying growth drivers are the same as we’ve discussed in prior quarters and growth came from all segments of the market including traditional corporate and small business, international and pay-per-click. The pay-per-click slice of the market remains a small but consistent part of our new name sales and overall base. Our digital infrastructure is now handling peak loads of 30 billion DNS requests per day, and that’s up about 60% from year ago levels.  As a reminder, we announced in April that effective October 15th the registry fees for dot-com and dot-net names will increase by 7% and 10% respectively to $6.42 and $3.85 a year.  Moving to our security services, we’ll start with our second core franchise SSL, which sold over 211,000 certificates during the quarter, bringing the installed base to 883,000. We are very pleased with this growth as it represents a 4% sequential growth in the base and a 13% year-over-year growth excluding GeoTrust.  We are also pleased with the results for our Extended Valuation or EV Certificates that we introduced last December. Demand for EV Certificates was solid in Q2 as bookings increased approximately 20% from the first quarter and our installed base of EV Certificates grew sharply. We are the number one provider of EV Certificates in the market at this time and we expect that the EV adoption cycle will be consistent with previous premium priced SSL products that we have had in the past.  The annualized average selling price across the entire base of VeriSign, GeoTrust and Thawte Branded certificates was $275, down from a seasonally strong first quarter which had an annualized ASP of $290. Now this decline really reflected a product mix shift as GeoTrust Branded certificates continued to grow faster than the overall portfolio and also the average term length increased to over 16 months, which contributed to the lower annualized ASP, but will also lower our future selling costs associated with obtaining renewals.  One of our primary emerging businesses is our identity services offering. The VeriSign Identity Protection program continues to be a great example of an Internet scaled service running on a global infrastructure to provide scalable and secure real-time validation capabilities that can support millions of online users. With PayPal’s official rollout in February and recent announcement of global availability, we have seen strong initial uptake of these credentials-backed consumers and expect to see this adoption continue to ramp throughout the year.  I’d now like to move to our Communication Services group where we report revenue in three categories. The first is digital content and messaging, which includes our wireless and broadband content services combined with our wireless messaging services. The second is communications and commerce, which includes our network, database and billing services. The third category is professional services, which is made up mostly of our wireless consulting and implementation capability.  Let’s start with digital content and messaging. We continue to see strong growth in the core messaging volumes and the business remains a key initiative for the company. However, the pricing environment is still challenging and we really don’t expect this to improve over the remainder of the year. In addition to the market pricing dynamics, last quarter we discussed some execution areas in this area as well. The good news here is that we are making progress on this front especially with our largest customers and we have aggressively focused resources on bringing stability to the technical platform.  We are also very pleased to have participated in the LiveEarth event earlier this month as we integrated our mobile messaging into the LiveEarth events around the globe to enable millions of participants to use their mobile phones to personally show their commitment to making a change for the environment.  On the content delivery front, we continue to see strong interest in our Intelligent Content Distribution Network or ICDN, which is based on our Kontiki peer-to-peer architecture.  Earlier this month, the BBC announced the launch of its iPlayer, which will be available to 26 million residents in the UK, making this one of the largest online video rollouts today. The BBC iPlayer which uses VeriSign’s Kontiki platform for content delivery will provide users the chance to enjoy their favorite programs whenever they want.  We also noted the external market activity in this area highlighted by product announcements and press releases. Clearly, there is a good deal of market and investor interest here and while we are encouraged by the strong interest in our ICDN, and our propriety Kontiki peer-to-peer technology, we continued to see broader content delivery market for rich media content as a nascent opportunity, one which will take time to develop into meaningful financial results.  In our legacy communications and commerce business, we continue to see growth in wireless billings at MetroPCS and Leap and we now support nearly 12 million wireless users with our billing and payment services platforms. These gains were offset by a decline in connectivity and database revenues as well as continued customer defections in our prepaid services business.  In closing our business review, last quarter we combined our consulting and implementation teams into a single professional services organization and our results this quarter were consistent with last quarter.  I would now like to turn the call over to Bert for a walk through of our financial results for the second quarter and guidance for the third quarter. 
Albert Clement: Thanks, Bill and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. As you can see from our results, we had a solid quarter with continued growth from both the Internet Services Group and Communications Services Group. Revenue and earnings per share were inline with our guidance.  Three noteworthy items occurred subsequent to the end of the quarter that I would like to call to your attention. The first is that over the last two weeks we filed both the 10-K for 2006 and the 10-Q for the first quarter 2007 bringing us current with the SEC.  The total non-cash stock-based compensation expense related to past stock option grants was $160 million, well below the $250 million we originally estimated. Additionally, we also received formal notification from the NASDAQ that the matter relating to the listing status of VeriSign on the NASDAQ marketplace has been closed.  Lastly, as part of the 10-Q filings for the first quarter, we disclosed our decision to sell Jamba services and as a result, Jamba services will be reported as discontinued operations until the final disposition which we expect to be in the third quarter. The non-GAAP results we will discuss throughout this call include continuing operations as well as Jamba services. For the second quarter, Jamba services generated revenue of $4 million and operating income of over $1.4 million.  So, let’s now turn to the financial results for the second quarter. For the second quarter, we reported total revenue of $368 million, inline with guidance provided during our last conference call. Revenues excluding Jamba grew 4% sequentially. We continue to see growth in all areas with the exception of our core communications business. As in past quarters, we are reporting revenue based on our two business segments; ISG and CSG.  The Internet Services Group were approximately 6% sequentially and 22% year-over-year with revenues of $225 million or 61% of total revenue. This growth was fueled by strength in the registry and SSL businesses.  The Communication Services Group reported revenue of $143 million for Q2 or 39% of total revenue. Excluding Jamba, CSG revenue was essentially flat quarter over quarter. CSG revenue is comprised of digital content and messaging, communications and commerce and professional services revenues. Digital content and messaging services revenue for the quarter was approximately $39 million, essentially flat after excluding Jamba services. Communications and Commerce revenue was $90 million for the quarter, flat sequentially.  Moving to international operations, the percentage of revenue driven from international customers, affiliates and subsidiaries were 16% as compared to 21% last quarter. The decline in international revenue is primarily due to the de-consolidation of Jamba. Cost of revenue for the second quarter was $147 million with a gross margin of 60.1% as compared to 60.5% in Q1. The slight decline in gross margin was driven mainly by the removal of Jamba from operating results as discussed during our last two conference calls and contract renewals in the business.  Turning to operating margin. Total operating expenses for Q2 were $141 million or 38% of revenue down in both dollars and as a percentage of revenue. The decline was expected with the removal of expenses related to Jamba and from the benefit of the reorganization realized this quarter. We saw similar benefits in other operational areas as well, driving non-GAAP operating margin of 21.6% for Q2 as compared with an operating margin of 18.6% last quarter.  Interest and other income for the quarter was $9 million. While this was above previous guidance on the strength of interest income, we are nevertheless disappointed as we had anticipated a higher contribution from the Jamba JV. We would expect this negative trend to continue through the remainder of the year.  GAAP net loss for Q2 was $5 million, with GAAP net loss per share of $0.02. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $62 million. Non-GAAP earnings per share for Q2 was $0.25, which was inline with guidance. The non-GAAP earnings per share calculation gives us a diluted weighted average shares outstanding of approximately 249 million shares for Q2.  Now moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow items. Operating cash flow for the quarter came in at over $100 million and was positively impacted by continued strength in our core businesses of naming and SSL as well as prudent working capital management. Year to date, capital expenditures totaled $48 million with 19% attributable to ISG, 36% CSG and 45% for corporate infrastructure.  Our ability to consistently generate solid operating cash flow contributed to our already strong balance sheet with ending cash equivalents and short-term investments approaching $820 million, an increase of $80 million from last quarter. Net DSO for the second quarter came in at 44 days, an improvement of one day from the previous quarter. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $691 million up $29 million from the previous quarter. The solid growth in deferred revenue was driven by the strength in our registry and SSL businesses.  Restructuring related expenses for the second quarter were $10 million in total with approximately $1 million related to headcount, $3 million for facilities and other charges and $6 million for equipment. Cash expenses related for the restructuring were $7 million.  So far this year we have reduced headcount by approximately 250 positions and we expect to reduce headcount in other 100 positions during the second half of the year. We ended the quarter with 4,420 people.  Moving now to guidance for the third quarter. For the third quarter, we anticipate revenue will be approximately $370 million to $380 million, which reflects organic growth of 2% to 4% quarter over quarter, driven by most areas of the business.  Looking at our expectations for the Internet Services Group, we anticipate relatively consistent growth coming from our naming and SSL businesses. In the Communication Services Group, we expect slight growth reflecting continuing carrier consolidation in the communications business and challenging market dynamics in the messaging business.  Turning to operating margins for Q3, we expect operating margins for the third quarter will be approximately 23%, up from 21.6% this quarter.  So, in summary, we are pleased with the results this quarter. As we look to Q3, the solid performance we expect from the Internet Services Group and traction in some of our growth businesses as well as continued positive results from the restructuring provide us the base from which we can continue to grow revenue and profit in the second half of 2006.  Let me now pass it back to Bill for the business outlook. 
Bill Roper : Thanks. As Bert just mentioned, we continued to see strength in our core businesses as both our registry and SSL business appear poised for another solid quarter. We are also focusing on the development of several emerging businesses which include content delivery, messaging and identity services.  As discussed earlier, pricing dynamics remained challenging in our messaging and our communications businesses. From an internal management perspective, our recent financial filings made clear the need for a higher level of discipline in our business processes and efforts are well underway on this front, but this is something that we will need to consistently strive to improve upon.  We also need to focus our resources on a more limited set of meaningful growth opportunities to improve our rate of success as a company. This focus does suggest some fine tuning of our strategic business portfolio. Now I realize that I have discussed our challenges a little more than our strengths, and this was somewhat deliberate as we wanted to emphasize our focus on managerial discipline. But, this in no way should overshadow the strengths in our core businesses and the growth opportunities that we have in our emerging businesses. Our financial position is strong, allowing us to invest in our core and emerging businesses to maintain our growth, to expand our operational leverage and at the same time to improve the efficiency of our capital structure.  On that note, I would like to turn the discussion to areas that I believe are of high interest to investors based on conversations we’ve had to date with many of you since joining VeriSign eight weeks ago. These topics include the status of our strategic business review and our capital structure.  As a reminder, we initiated a company-wide reorganization in January when we essentially turned the organization chart 90 degrees on its side going from a business unit structure to a functional organizational structure. As a result, we expect that we will be able to realize annualized cost savings of approximately $50 million a year. This reorganization which started in January is ongoing with the majority of the headcount reductions having already occurred, but this is not the destination as much as it is the first step in our continual process of fine tuning.  As the next step, we began a product review in order to understand how each of our services and products fit into the company in terms of market position, financial performance, growth potential and customer relationships. I am sure that many of you will agree that this is a healthy practice for any company today and one that was already underway prior to my being named Chief Executive. While this product review is underway, I should stress that we are being thorough and disciplined in our approach. So until we complete this effort, it is premature to discuss any other specifics. That said, please be aware that we are addressing these matters with a healthy sense of urgency.  The second area that I suspect is on the minds of investors is our capital structure. This is an area where I have a fair amount of experience and we believe is an avenue to unlocking shareholder value over time. As Bert discussed earlier, our balance sheet continues to be strong with cash and equivalents in excess of $800 million and of course, we have the ongoing ability to generate healthy operating cash flows.  In total, we are in an excellent position to continue to invest with greater discipline in our businesses and to the extent that we do not see investment opportunities which meet our risk adjusted return threshold, we will seek effective and efficient means of returning cash to our shareholders through initiatives like our share repurchase program.  As a reminder, the board authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program last year and we would expect to resume this program in the third quarter.  Earlier in the call, I mentioned the topic of financial guidance. Beginning this quarter we will provide guidance on next quarter revenue and operating margin, which we believe are the key metrics to measuring the progress of our efforts. In addition, we will continue to provide the high-level commentary about longer-term trends we expect to see in our business as we have done today. We recognize this is a change from prior practice, but after discussing this in detail, Bert and I decided that due to the ongoing review of our strategic business portfolio, this was the right time to make the change. We would encourage you not to read anything into the change other than we believe it will be prudent to limit our guidance to the two key metrics mentioned for the time being.  With that said, we do expect strong organic revenue growth accompanied by margin expansion and earnings acceleration as we go forward.  In summary, Q2 was a solid quarter in terms of key financial metrics. We are pleased with our future prospects, the strength of our executive team and our tremendously talented employee base. I would like to conclude my remarks by thanking our shareholders, our customers, our employees and our business partners for their continued support.  With that, we would like to open the call for your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to Ed Maguire from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Ed Maguire - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. Following up on your comments on capital structure, I was wondering if you could talk about your thoughts in terms of using debt to bolster the balance sheet, the appropriate timing and mix of share buy-backs, and also on CapEx in the re-filed K you mentioned potentially spending about $200 million in CapEx this year for the new data center. As we look forward, is this a level you believe is likely to be sustained or do you see leverage at least on these initial investments around product tighten? 
Bill Roper: Okay, Ed, a couple of questions there and I will try to cover both of them. We do believe the capital structure is inefficient, it’s an avenue for unlocking shareholder value, as we said, and we do intend to resume our repurchase program this quarter. There is an authorized $1 billion out there. We only repurchased about $15 million worth of shares last year before we had to go dark so there is a lot of room there.  Regarding using debt, we might consider using debt at some time in the future. We have not ruled anything out there. We want to be efficient and effective in our repurchase program but we do think there is value to be unlocked.  I think your second question was basically on capital expenditures and somewhere in the materials, you’ll see that so far this year, we’ve spent around $50 million on capital expenditures, so you can see that it is actually unlikely we’ll hit the $200 million this year.  We do have a new data center going in and a number of other things that are going on and would tell you that you shouldn’t expect that level of capital expenditures on a go-forward basis that would be needed to sustain the enterprise.  We do feel that we are obligated to capitalize our business well and to be ahead of the growth curve in units and in terms of capabilities, of handling volumes on the global infrastructure, but I don’t think you’ll that level of CapEx going forward. 
Ed Maguire - Merrill Lynch: And just a quick follow-up on the certificate business with the average yearly price declining quarter over quarter but term lengths extending, could you comment a little bit more granularly about where you are seeing the potential adoption of the extended validation certificates and where the growth in your product mix is maybe stronger? 
Bill Roper: I think there’s two things going on there. The longer term gives a lower rate and therefore a lower annualized selling price but you know, we have much lower acquisition and renewal costs, so the benefit of the extended term is very clear.  What was the second part of your question? 
Ed Maguire - Merrill Lynch: Really just wondering about, among the extended validation certificates and the standard and high-bit or 128-bit, where you might be seeing the greatest traction? 
Bill Roper: EZ is a product extender and a premium priced product and we are fortunate today we’ve got Mark McLaughlin on the line, and if the technology works, I’d love to ask Mark to provide you with a little color there. 
Mark McLaughlin: We continue to see strong traction in financial services and retail sites, web retail sites The go-to-market there hasn’t change and the adoption hasn’t change and where you’d expect to see it there and both are getting good traction, and EZ has doubled from last quarter, so we are doing pretty well there. 
Ed Maguire - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Sterling Auty from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Thanks. Two questions, the first one, on the guidance you gave for next quarter for revenue, does that include or exclude the Jamba! services? 
Albert Clement: That excludes Jamba! services. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay, and then on the domain name business, the trajectory that you are seeing, you mentioned the three key drivers, is there any reason that should change? Are you expecting the momentum in that business to continue at this level for the foreseeable future? 
Albert Clement: We expect those levels to continue at this time. We don’t have any other indicators in the marketplace to tell us otherwise for now. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Todd Raker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Hi this is Bryan for Todd. I guess first, as you talk about fine-tuning your business portfolio and taking $50 million in cost-out, can you talk maybe more -- 
Ken Bond: Bryan, this is Ben Bonds. I apologize, but you are breaking up. We can’t hear you. 
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Can you talk about -- let’s talk about your $50 million in operating, in restructuring costs you can take out on an annualized basis. Can you talk about more strategically as you are going through the strategic review, how much you can take out in operating losses? Can you quantify that potentially for us over time? 
Bill Roper: Let me try to repeat the question. We still didn’t get you with a lot of clarity. I think you asked in our strategic review that we are going through, were we going to remove businesses that were operating at a loss -- was that the question? 
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Yes, as you go through that, the unprofitable, unstrategic businesses, can you quantify what the impact of that might be over time? 
Bill Roper: No, we’re not talking about that at this time. The review isn’t complete and it would be premature to talk about it but we are looking at businesses to determine whether they really fit from a standpoint of market positioning, economics, our ability to create sustainable advantage and competitive barriers. If they fit within those categories, we are going to invest and build in them and if they don’t, we’re going to take a good hard look at them. But we are still, we’re mid-process. It’s too early to comment. 
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Fair enough. I guess on the DNS business, your first price increase goes through October 15th. Can you give us some insight when you potentially could push the second price increase through? Is that a year from October 15th or is that the beginning of next year? 
Ken Bond: Bryan, I apologize. We’re having a very difficult time hearing you. 
Bill Roper: I think you asked when would we be able to have the next price increase. Why don’t we turn that one over to Mark. 
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. On the price increases, contractually we can do the price increases four out of the next seven years, so we could announce a price increase at any time we thought it was need there. So it is not limited by anything other than the four out of seven years in the contract. 
Todd Raker - Deutsche Bank: Are those calendar years? 
Mark McLaughlin: Those are calendar years. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Peter Kuper from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Can you hear me okay? 
Bill Roper: Yes. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: At the risk of asking two questions like everyone else, one I think is an easy one that you are not going to answer but just in case, you talk about strategic review, the comms business is one that has been dragging on it. Is this a business though that is strategically too important to the overall VeriSign services model to just say well, it’s not growing as fast, it’s capital intensive to divest -- maybe that is an easy question, in a sense.  The other question is more on the longer term targets. I know we are not talking about guidance going forward but from the operating margin efficiency ratio, it sounds like operating margins are coming. They are getting better but a little bit lower than I was anticipating. Is this on track for 25% the way they old model used to talk about, or is that just up for review at this point? 
Bill Roper: You’re right on the first one. We’re not going to comment. It really is premature, so nice try.  On the op margins, as you noted I think Bert suggested that we expect to be around 23% in the third quarter. I know that there is an expectation out there that we will reach 25% in the fourth quarter or exiting the year or whatever. We’re not -- let me say it like this; that is certainly doable. I just don’t want to be hamstrung by an arbitrary number if the right kind of investments should come along and that we should make them. Other than that, we are on track, the right things are happening. You can see the impact of the reorg that we did at the beginning of the year and it is coming through. So that certainly is an achievable number. We want to make sure that we don’t make arbitrary business decisions to hit a number that would not be the right answer for the business in the long run. 
Albert Clement: I think to add to that, the trend is definitely going in the right direction, from 18.6 in Q1 to 21.6 in Q2, 23% in Q3, and I think you can deduce it from there. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Scott Sutherland from Wedbush Morgan Securities. Please go ahead. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Just two questions, a quick follow-up questions on the domain names. Is it at your discretion they can raise the prices in the next four years and leave the last three year for approval, so you can raise in any four years you want? 
Bill Roper: Mark, why don’t we let you handle that one? 
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. So it is any four out of the next seven years. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: The second question I had was on your commerce and communications segment. How would you categorize the operating margins versus the corporate average? 
Albert Clement: The operating margins in general are lower than the corporate average. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Would you say mid, high teens? 
Albert Clement: In that range, yes. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Shaul Eyal from CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead. 
Shaul Eyal - CIBC World Markets: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Also two quick questions on my end; Billy, we’re talking about some challenging market dynamics on the messaging front. Could you provide us with more color? Is it ASPs? Is it just going to be consolidation, a weakening telephone environment -- just one point? 
Bill Roper: You’ve hit on several of them but again, we’ll get Mark to provide a little bit of color. 
John Donovan: This is John. Maybe I can do that just from a customer perspective. I think that the dynamics in the marketplace are such that there’s been heavy competition, a lot of privately funded firms and so we’ve seen some sale price compression but more importantly, what we’ve seen is a need to tighten down the process across the value chain, like in the carrier environment where there were a lot of failed attempts. And so it is really just a consolidation that is a combination of customers discriminating in the types of things they are buying, the entire value chain trying to tighten down and get higher quality, and then several companies that are trying to consolidate volume so that they can be well-positioned to capture the future. So I expect we’ll bump along here for a little bit but feel very good about where we’ve been positioned, the quality improvements that we’ve made in the platform itself, and the effectiveness of our more broadly reaching sales channel than most of our competitors to get in and manage through this entire value chain in that messaging and content platform. 
Shaul Eyal - CIBC World Markets: Great. Thank you for that. That was very helpful. Second question, Bill; eight weeks into the review process, maybe a simple question yet a challenging one -- maybe in one line, two liners, can you define VeriSign to us? How do you see it? 
Bill Roper: Well, yes. I’ll try again. We try to do that in remarks. We just finished what I would describe as a solid quarter. Our prospects going forward, especially in our core franchises, look very good. We’ve got a great team. We’ve got good products. We’ve got good brand recognition and customer relationships. We are working on challenges such as our business processes. We are doing a lot of work in the area of execution, things like that. We’ve strengthened the team with a couple of additions and promotions from within and I feel very good about where we are and where we are going. 
Shaul Eyal - CIBC World Markets: All right. Thank you very much and good luck. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Katherine Egbert from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Eric Kovensky - Jefferies & Company: Hi, this is Eric [Kovensky] on for Katherine Egbert. My first question is on operating cash flow. You guys said you had over $100 million in the quarter. That number seemed a little volatile and I was wondering if you could provide some color on what would be a normalized basis. 
Albert Clement: Our current view on that, it should be in the $100 million range. Q1 is usually a low quarter for us with various things that happen around year-end and other things inside the company around bonuses and DNO insurance and those kinds of things, but I would expect about $100 million per quarter. 
Eric Kovensky - Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Secondly, do you have any additional color on timing on how you are going to look at the $1 billion stock repurchase? 
Bill Roper: The what? 
Eric Kovensky - Jefferies & Company: I’m sorry, the $1 billion you guys have in the stock repurchase. Do you have any color on timing and how you are looking at that? 
Bill Roper: We are looking at various ways, various initiative for efficiently and effectively dealing with the capital structure. We are not commenting on the specifics at this time. We are indicating that our intention will be to restart the program this quarter and other than that, we are really not talking a lot. 
Operator: We will go next to Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 
 Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird: I’d actually just like to follow-up on a question that was just asked here recently and that has to do with how you define yourselves. As part of the strategic review, have you had to go back and look at your mission statement and kind of review who you think you are as a company, has there been any change to that? 
Bill Roper: I think the right way to think, obviously when you go through the company, you should start with what are your strengths, where do you have the right kind of capabilities, where do you have the right kind of customer relationships, where do you have the ability to build great businesses with competitive barriers and so forth, and you start from that.  The team has done a great job of going through the portfolio and looking at all of our businesses, looking at how they are positioned, who the competitors are, what the economics in the marketplace are and so forth. It’s been very thorough, it’s been very exhaustive. I mentioned we have a healthy sense of urgency, so this will not be analysis/paralysis, but we are going to do it right and maybe I would pass it to say John, and see if John has any insight on this as well. 
John Donovan: I think historically what we did is we looked for large end markets that were rapidly growing where there were third-party transactions and a managed service model could succeed and we expected that we could build the technology advantage over time. And then when you start to compound a lot of those on top of one another, you start to get a diseconomy of scale by losing some focus and getting spread a little too thin.  I think what we did is we narrowed the knot hole and just making sure that we get technology leverage and that Harry and his team can provide us a sustained advantage. As Bill talked about barriers, we are talking about specific franchise technology barriers. We’ve also tied the knot hole a bit and looked more heavily at distribution to make sure that the market growth was occurring in geographies where we could effectively distribute. And then, we just re-looked at how we are distributing to make sure that we have feet on the street where we need it.  Once you go through that, you start to look for efficiency from end-to-end in the system. In your data centers, in your technology, in your product development and product management, and your go-to-market both direct and indirect, and then making sure your geographic alignment and you can expect the result of that is that you have a more efficient system in moving a customer dollar back through the system and taking it from order to cash.  So we’ve taken a comprehensive view. As Bill said, I think we’ve tightened the knot hole to look at the entire business system and then we’ve put a really practical constraint in looking at how we could effectively go and win in these games and we are just taking a more aggressive approach towards winning on a sustained basis in areas that have all of those dimensions. 
Operator: We will go next to Bill Winslow - Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
 Bill Winslow - Credit Suisse: I was wondering if you could just spend a minute on the core comps business, signaling and database. What trends are you seeing from a margin perspective there and also you previously have been talking about the international opportunity, particularly over in Asia. I was wondering if you could just discuss that and how you see that ramping as well? 
Bill Roper: Well, you asked a couple of questions there and I think we covered some of that in prepared remarks, but Mark may want to comment on your first question and John may want to comment on your second. 
John Donovan: I’ll start on the second half and talk about Asia. I will generalize geographically and just say that we included in the reviews that we are doing not just the technology and product and business unit dimension, we are also looking internationally at the growth characteristics, the portfolio and our distribution strategy. We are certainly extremely enthused about the Asia Pacific region. We have, as you know, VeriSign Japan, as an entity. We have historical strength in Australia and New Zealand market and as inCode was brought in late in the fourth quarter, inCode had a reasonable foundation and operating history in China.  So, we have come back and really started in each geography to prioritize our countries. We think that we can do materially better in the Asia Pacific region as a percentage of revenue. We think that the portfolios that we will ultimately end up emphasizing when you look at the growth characteristics and when we complete this review, we will be very tightly aligned with the growth characteristics of the APAC region.  We’ve been very focused in business development efforts and in our channel development as well as in both indirect channel partnerships and building direct sales and distribution capability throughout Asia Pacific in anticipation of this. We think that we will be heavily focused on Australia/New Zealand and will continue obviously, in Japan. But we are going to renew our emphasis in China and India and then selectively in South East Asia for certain products.  We are being laser focused about the combination of the product in the country to ensure that we are not wasting precious distribution resources and the reverse, that every good product we have that we are taking it globally to everywhere that the market have the growth characteristics. 
Bill Roper: Mark, do we have you online? 
Mark McLaughlin: I am here Bill. 
Bill Roper: I think the first part of the question related to the comps business, do you want to comment on that? 
Mark McLaughlin: I think that’s what John was speaking to as well, unless we didn’t get the question answered. 
Bill Roper: Was it the margins? 
Bill Winslow - Credit Suisse :  The turn you’ve been seeing over the past couple of years in margins, they are just, you know, what type of decline and has it begun to stabilize et cetera? 
John Donovan: If you look at the market dynamic in the comps business, there are a number of the comps businesses that have either fragmentation of competition or historically have had heavy capital requirements and then much lower ongoing OpEx requirements. So it has the characteristic of the types of markets that would be heavily competed for. What we’ve found is, I think over the last couple of quarters that we on average were measuring success historically by whether we could take our fair share of the market and measure what percentage of price decline we could avoid.  I think we’ve re-looked at that business in a much more aggressive fashion to look at taking share and I think that the characteristics of that business is that margins are going to go with volume. So, I think that we are probably at the point now where we think the margins will be stabilized given where we are and we are very pleased with the performance of the sales team in the comp sector, particularly over the last couple of quarters. 
Operator: We will go next to Kevin Buttigieg - A. G. Edwards. Please go ahead. 
 Kevin Buttigieg - A. G. Edwards : Thank you, and thank you for your comments about the strategic review process. Obviously, we are all trying to get a handle on how VeriSign could go through this process. I do want to get a little bit more clarity on that if you wouldn’t mind giving it another shot.  I understand what you are talking about in terms of taking a look at the approach of VeriSign’s various businesses on a business-by-business basis and sort of evaluating your position there, as well as the market characteristics and the economics. In my mind, it seems clear that there are probably some businesses that VeriSign is in that are probably losing money at this stage of the venture and probably aren’t very strategic to you. On the other hand, there is probably some businesses that have poor market dynamics, but are positive contributors to earnings per share and to operating cash flows. Obviously I am thinking a bit about some of the businesses within the communications practice.  As you go through this process, how are you going to balance the businesses that might not be such good businesses, but might be positive contributors to VeriSign currently from a financial perspective?  Secondarily to that, you talk about investments. What might be your policies surrounding acquisitions as a means to further shore up your position in chosen markets or perhaps expand into new ones? 
Bill Roper: I think that’s an insightful question. We do have some businesses that fall into the two categories you name, as well as some businesses that don’t fall in either one of those categories. Some of these are tough calls, but we are looking at them hard and the staging and the timing of that and who the business partners might be really is more of an art than a science and that’s one of the reasons why we have taken a little more time in all of this, because it relates to our talented work force, it relates to a number of other issues.  You also asked about acquisitions, we have the financial wherewithal and desire to invest in our business including M&A where we understand what we are requiring and we understand how it fits and how it helps us achieve a means to an end of building a business, both in some of the earlier stage businesses and some of the other. So, we will do that. We are going to be a little more judicious and a little more thoughtful maybe than in the past and we are going to be a lot more forceful on the execution and integration when and if we do make these choices.  But, you should expect to see that at some point, we can continue to do acquisitions in our space when we can identify the right properties that we can think that we can acquire and we can manage well and we can acquire in a reasonable valuation level. 
Operator: We have time for one last question. That question will come from Rob Sanderson - American Technology Research. Please go ahead. 
 Rob Sanderson - American Technology Research: Great, thank you very much. A couple of quick ones. First, you’ve just recently completed a very extensive review and audit. Can you give us a sense of magnitude of professional accounting and legal fees that may have been involved in that process? 
Albert Clement: Over the last 12 months, external fees has amounted to about $16 million. We’ve not put a value on any of the internal time. 
 Rob Sanderson - American Technology Research: What’s your current estimate of VeriSign’s market share in the wireless messaging and then, you mentioned competitors are consolidating share here. Just how fragmented do you see that market? 
John Donovan: Right now we would view what we call core messaging, but our view is that we have about 50% share right now of the U.S. market, limited share outside the U.S. and we think that we are considerably larger than anybody in that portfolio. So, in any given carrier you could find as many as 15 direct connections and as many as a dozen physical aggregators and so there are a number of players out there that are bumping along with really no leverage of other products to sell nor other things to bundle in. So I feel good about how that market is coalescing. As I said, I believe it will bump along here for a little bit.  But the underlying messaging increases and the characteristics of that are outstanding and we think we have a very favorable position. Linking to one of the earlier questions, the big challenge is that we have to ensure that we are carrier grade in everything that we do, that we are providing high availability and so we are going through and ensuring that as we do this portfolio review, that we are keeping the things that are vital to customers that have been bundled up effectively together. Getting that last little bit of the strategic review together has profound consequences when you look at how you are winning in the customer marketplace. 
Operator: Having no more questions, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Ken Bond for any additional or closing remarks. 
Ken Bond: Thank you, Dixie. We anticipate that our next quarterly conference call will reflect our third quarter 2007 results and will take place on Thursday, October 25th, at 2 pm Pacific time, 5 pm Eastern time. Final confirmation of this date will be provided the first business day after the close of the quarter on October 1st.  I would also like to remind you that in light of regulation FD, VeriSign plans to retain its long standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through a public disclosure. Please call the investor relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. Thank you and good evening.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-20 12:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Tom McCallum, Director of Investor Relations Stratton Sclavos, Chief Executive Officer Dana Evan, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
