===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, all. My name is Susie Lisa, and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our first quarter 2025 financial results conference call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer; and Duncan McKechnie, SVP North America Commercial Operations and from July 1, Chief Commercial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed medicines for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, beta-thalassemia and moderate to severe acute pain, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening all, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Continuing the momentum from 2024, we've kicked off 25 with another quarter of strong performance across the board. Growing and diversifying revenue as we execute on multiple launches, accelerating programs in pivotal development and advancing the R&D pipeline. We continue to reach more patients with more products and delivered $2.77 billion in revenue in the first quarter, representing 3% growth versus Q1 2024. This year, we are keenly focused on commercialization, and we are pleased with the early launch dynamics and physician and patient feedback on ALYFTREK, our fifth CF medicine, and JOURNAVX, the first oral non-opioid for moderate to severe acute pain in more than 2 decades, both of which were approved in the U.S. in just the last few months. With these approvals and the continued global launch of CASGEVY, our gene-edited therapy for sickle cell disease in beta thalassemia, we are significantly expanding the number of patients we serve. We are also sharply focused on advancing the 4 programs currently in pivotal development. Suzetrigine in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, Zimislecel in type 1 diabetes, Inaxaplin in APOL-1 mediated kidney disease and Pove in IgA nephropathy. Importantly, three of these Phase III programs are on track to complete enrollment of the interim analysis cohort or the full study this year, setting up a series of potential filings in 2026. And as we approach the 1-year anniversary of the acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences, I wanted to highlight 2 big recent Povetacicept related milestones. First, we completed enrollment in the interim analysis cohort in the Phase III RAINIER IgAN trial. And second, we reached agreement with the FDA to advance Pove to pivotal development in a second indication, primary membranous nephropathy. This is a notable milestone as Pove continues to deliver on its promise as a pipeline in a product with best-in-class potential. The start of the Pove membranous study will also mark our fifth program in pivotal development. Tonight, I'll limit my R&D comments on the pipeline programs with the most significant new information to share, specifically CF, pain, type 1 diabetes and the kidney programs. Starting with CF. Following our December U.S. approval of ALYFTREK, we have gained MHRA approval in the U.K. and a positive CHMP opinion in the EU -- as a result, we expect potential approval from the European Commission for ALYFTREK in the second half of this year, along with potential approvals in Canada, Australia and Switzerland. These approvals are in addition to the European Commission's early April approval of KAFTRIO for rare mutations, which followed similar approvals for TRIKAFTA rare mutations in the U.S. and Canada late last year. Adding hundreds of additional eligible patients in North America and thousands in Europe. These approvals are a direct result of the team's decades-long painstaking work to establish and verify the hypothesis that the 3 unique binding sites of our CFTR modulators results in overall protein stabilization and have the potential to transform the lives of nearly 95% of patients with CF. Stuart will share more on the U.S. ALYFTREK launch shortly. Next on the horizon for our CF small molecule program is the Next-Gen or NG 3.0 CFTR regimen. With this program, we seek to reach our long-standing goal of bringing most, if not all, patients with CF to normal levels of CFTR function. The backbone of this NG 3.0 combination is VX-828, the most efficacious CFTR corrector that we have ever studied in vitro. It is completing Phase I development, and we remain on track to initiate a study with VX-828 in patients with CF before the end of this year. For the ongoing Phase I/II study of VX-522 for the approximately 5,000 or so patients who cannot benefit from our CFTR modulators, we have recently implemented a temporary pause to the study as we assess the tolerability issue, given that this remains an active clinical trial, we won't be providing any additional details at this time so as to maintain study integrity. We will update you when we know more. Moving next to the pain programs. First, the Phase III study of Suzetrigine in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, a chronic peripheral neuropathic pain condition that affects over 2 million Americans annually, is well underway with ongoing enrollment and dosing. As a reminder, Suzetrigine has fast track designation for peripheral neuropathic pain and breakthrough designation for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Next, I'm very pleased to share that the study of oral VX-993, another NaV1.8 inhibitor in acute pain post bunionectomy is on track to complete this quarter, and we expect to report results from this trial in the second half of this year. VX-993 has Fast Track designation for acute pain in both the oral and IV formulations. Lastly, we continue to make solid progress with additional NaV1.8 inhibitors beyond VX-993 as well as in our NAV1.7 pain signal inhibitor program that may be used alone or in combination with NaV1.8 inhibitors. Transitioning now to type 1 diabetes. Zimislecel remains on track to complete enrollment and dosing of its pivotal study this quarter, positioning us for global regulatory submissions in 2026 if the data are supportive. Recall, we expect about 60,000 severe type 1 diabetics who may potentially benefit from this first Zimislecel submission. Based on the high unmet need in T1D and the transformative nature of this therapy Zimislecel has multiple global regulatory designations, including RMAT and Fast Track in the U.S., Prime in the EU and the Innovation Passport in the U.K. In our other T1D work, following the recent data from VX-264 or the cells + device program, we have returned this approach to the research stage. We continue to make preclinical progress on our other approaches to clock the VX-880 cells from the immune system. These cells have already demonstrated transformative efficacy. These approaches include alternative immunosuppressive regimens and gene editing to make hypoimmune islet cells, and we look forward to updating you as these programs advance. Finally, a few updates on our kidney portfolio, which now has clinical stage programs in 4 renal diseases, IgA nephropathy, AMKD, membranous nephropathy and ADPKD, or autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, starting with Povetacicept, a potential best-in-class dual antagonist of the BAFF and APRIL cytokines which play a key role in the pathogenesis of B cell-mediated autoimmune diseases. First, in IgAN, as mentioned earlier, I am very pleased to share that we have completed enrollment in the interim analysis cohort of the Rainier Phase III trial. Once this cohort completes 36 weeks of treatment, we will conduct the interim analysis and if positive, it will support filing in the first half of 2026 for potential accelerated approval in the U.S. In addition, our program to support the launch of Pove with the subcutaneous auto injector for monthly at-home administration is well underway. And for full approval, we are making strong progress towards our goal of enrolling the complete cohort of 480 patients in whom we will assess eGFR through week 104. Second, based on the positive results from the RUBY-3 basket study, we have reached agreement with the FDA to advance Pove to pivotal development in membranous nephropathy. Beginning in the second half of this year, we are planning to initiate a single Phase II/III adaptive study of Pove versus standard of care with the primary endpoint of complete remission at week 72. Next, 2 highlights on Inaxaplin for APOL-1 mediated kidney disease or AMKD. First, we remain on track to complete enrollment in the interim analysis cohort of the amplitude pivotal trial this year. Amplitude is a study of primary AMKD. That is to say, patients with 2 APOL-1 variants and no additional renal-related comorbidities. After completing enrollment, when this cohort reaches 48 weeks of treatment, we will conduct an interim analysis. If positive, we will be poised to file for potential accelerated approval in the U.S. Second, based on the positive proof-of-concept results of Inaxaplin in primary AMKD, the momentum in the Phase III study and interest from the community, we recently initiated the amplified study. Amplified is a Phase II proof-of-concept study of Inaxaplin in patients with AMKD and other comorbidities, including type 2 diabetes. This study is enrolling in dosing patients. To close on our kidney pipeline, a few comments on VX-407 in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease or ADPKD. VX-407 is a first-in-class small molecule protein folding corrector that is designed to target the underlying cause of ADPKD by restoring PC1 protein function, thereby reducing total kidney volume and preventing progression to kidney failure. As a reminder, by way of its mechanism of action, VX-407 addresses up to 10% of ADPKD patients and as in CF, we will seek to expand the eligible patient population with serial innovation over time. We have completed the Phase I trial of VX-407 and the PK and safety are supportive of advancement. The Phase II proof-of-concept study is designed as a 52-week single-arm study of 24 patients that will evaluate the efficacy of VX-407 as measured by the height adjusted total kidney volume and we are on track to initiate this study in the second half of this year. For 5 years now, at the end of my remarks, I've turned the call over to Stuart. I'll do so for the final time tonight. Let me acknowledge and thank Stuart once again for the incredible run at Vertex and wish him the very best in retirement. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Stuart, And Duncan for a commercial update.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks very much, Reshma. I'll focus my comments tonight on the CF franchise, including the launch of ALYFTREK and the continuing global launch of CASGEVY, building on the foundation we established in 2024. I'll then turn it over to Duncan to provide an update on the U.S. launch of JOURNAVX in acute pain. Starting with CF with our existing portfolio of CF medicines, KALYDECO, ORKAMBI, SYMDEKO and TRIKAFTA we have continued to grow the number of eligible patients taking our CFTR modulators. As expected, we also continue to make regulatory and reimbursement progress that enables us to expand to younger patients. KALYDECO is now approved down to 1 month old. Patients with rare mutations, TRIKAFTA recently secured U.S. and EMA approvals to expand the label for additional mutations which means that the triple combination is now approved for mutations present in nearly 95% of all CF patients in our core markets and patients in new geographies such as Brazil. in addition, as a result of better patient care, including the availability of our CFTR modulators, people with CF are now living longer than ever before. Now turning to the ALYFTREK launch. our fifth CFTR modulator approved to treat the underlying cause of CF. In Phase III studies, when compared head-to-head with TRIKAFTA, ALYFTREK demonstrated noninferiority on lung function and further improvements in CFTR function as measured by sweat chloride. ALYFTREK was also approved by the FDA for an additional 31 mutations, not covered by the TRIKAFTA label and offers the convenience of once-daily dosing. Recall too, that ALYFTREK carries a meaningfully lower royalty burden for Vertex and extends our composition of matter patent protection from 2037 for TRIKAFTA into 2039 for ALYFTREK. We're pleased with the early U.S. launch progress, and we're seeing uptake in all of the patient groups eligible for ALYFTREK. Those I to CFTR modulators or with newly approved rare mutations where we have seen the fastest initial uptake. Patients who've discontinued one of our other CFTR modulators and patients switching from TRIKAFTA who seek greater improvement in CFTR function and/or the convenience of once-daily dosing. ALYFTREK prescriptions are off to a strong start as patients and physicians familiarize themselves with the ALYFTREK clinical data, including statistically significant lower sweat chloride than TRIKAFTA, the liver monitoring requirements when initiating therapy and the convenience of once-daily dosing. We continue to expect the majority of patients in the U.S. who are currently on CFTR modulator therapy, will switch to ALYFTREK over time. We also look forward to launching ALYFTREK later this year in the U.K. and other countries pending ongoing regulatory approvals. Transitioning now to CASGEVY, our transformative onetime treatment for patients with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia -- since regulatory approvals in late 2023 and early 2024, the rollout of CASGEVY is progressing as we expected and gathering momentum across all regions. ATC activations and patient initiations continue to increase. As we now have more than 65 authorized treatment centers, nearing our goal to activate approximately 75 total ATCs globally. We're also encouraged to see many ATCs have now collected cells from multiple patients. As to specifics on the other important marker of our progress since launch, approximately 90 patients have now had their first cell collections, meaning they have begun the patient treatment journey. Encouragingly, more than twice that number of patients has been referred by their physicians to ATCs to initiate the treatment process. And in Q1, 8 patients completed their treatment journey and received their infusions of CASGEVY edited cells. With regard to access and reimbursement, we continue to make progress on the CASGEVY payer front. In the U.S., formal commercial coverage is either in place or provided through single case agreements. For Medicaid patients who represent about 45% of total patients, the majority of states have joined the CMMI demonstration project for cell and gene therapy access model, enabling fertility coverage for these patients and providing an alternative seamless approach for ATCs and states to the existing case-by-case coverage and state agreements. In Europe, we have now secured reimbursed access for both sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia patients in England, Wales, Denmark, Austria and Luxembourg. And in the Middle East, we have reimbursement in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and recently added coverage in the majority of Emirates in the UAE. The interest in CASGEVY continues to be incredibly high in the sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia patient and physician communities globally, and uptake is accelerating as access and reimbursement is secured and familiarity with the process for collecting cells and infusing this truly transformative treatment growth. The impact of CASGEVY is best captured by the real-world feedback from patients, caregivers and physicians. It's been inspiring to hear that CASGEVY patients now feel able to live their lives in ways they never have before. Whether that means having the energy to play with their kids, taking up snowboarding without fear that the cold might bring on a pain crisis or investing in their education and careers given expectations now for a longer and healthier life. It is a privilege to be part of their journey. I'll close my comments today by saying what a true honor it has been to serve patients, employees and shareholders as the Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at Vertex. The company has never been better positioned from a scientific commercial, financial or people perspective, and I look forward to following its continued success, including with Duncan as the new Chief Commercial Officer. I'll now hand over to Duncan to provide an update on the latest chapter in our commercial diversification with the exciting launch of JOURNAVX in moderate to severe acute pain.
Duncan McKechnie : Thank you, Stuart. It has been a privilege to know you for over 35 years and work with you at Vertex for the last 12. I wish you every happiness in your retirement. JOURNAVX received FDA approval on January 30 and has been available at retailers since mid-March. Although it's early days, we are seeing a strong reception for a novel non-opioid option for the treatment of moderate to severe acute pain. We are pleased with the early launch, including broad retail pharmacy stocking, progress of reimbursement discussions and payer coverage, P&T committee reviews, the breadth of usage to date and media coverage. To give you a sense of JOURNAVX'S progress thus far, I'll detail several key elements of our launch plan. One, let me start with retail pharmacy stocking, which is crucial given the acute nature of pain. By mid-March, JOURNAVX was available at approximately 33,000 pharmacy locations including nearly every location for the 3 largest pharmacy chains in the country as well as over a dozen regional chains nationwide; two, I'm also happy to report that we've made rapid progress with payers, which is a testament to their appreciation for the JOURNAVX'S clinical profile and the importance of a novel non-opioid option in the treatment of acute pain. As of May 1, across commercial and government payers, 94 million lives already have covered access to JOURNAVX and 42 million have unrestricted access without the need to complete prior authorizations or step edits. With commercial payers, our negotiations continue to progress favorably. We've recently reached a formal coverage agreement with 1 of the large national pharmacy benefit managers to make JOURNAVX available to their customers, collectively representing 22 million commercial lives. In Medicare, we continue to engage with Medicare plans to secure off-cycle coverage in 2025 and 2026 coverage in line with Medicare bid cycle timing. For Medicaid patients, 10 state Medicaid plans and now providing unrestricted access to JOURNAVX, meaning no prior authorization or step edit requirements and co-pays as low as $3 to $5 as is common practice for Medicaid. We expect the coverage across commercial, Medicare and Medicaid payers will expand through 2025. Three, A key area of focus is hospital P&T committees. As a reminder, we are prioritizing approximately 2,000 hospitals, many of which will add up to 150 health care systems or integrated delivery networks. More than 1/3 of these target health care systems have already taken steps to initiate P&T reviews of JOURNAVX and some have already added it on to their formulary. Four, turning to patients. Our patient support programs are working as designed to provide a smooth and positive patient experience so that eligible patients who are prescribed JOURNAVX for their acute pain get access to the medicine for an interim period while payer coverage decisions are made. Five, shifting to the policy landscape, we are encouraged by the continued momentum and interest by federal and state policymakers to provide equal access to non-opioids. The critical need for non-opioid options was underscored by the presentation of new research at the American Academy of Pain Medicine in April. Our health economics analysis indicates that replacing just 25% of current acute pain prescriptions for opioids with non-opioids like JOURNAVX could deliver annual cost savings of $4.5 billion to the health care system and could prevent up to 260,000 cases of opioid use disorder and approximately 9,000 overdose deaths over the next 15 years. With respect to state legislation, to date, nearly 35 states have already either enacted or proposed legislation to support the use of nonopioids. At the federal level, I'll highlight the NOPAIN Act, which in January, began providing an add-on payment for non-opioids used in Medicare patients in the hospital outpatient or ambulatory surgery center settings. We continue to expect JOURNAVX to be added near term to the list of medicines approved for this add-on payment. Lastly, an important indicator of our launch progress and a reflection of the unmet need in moderate to severe acute pain is that more than 20,000 prescriptions were successfully filled for JOURNAVX as of April 18. While it is early days in the launch, we are very encouraged by the breadth of physician types writing prescriptions for JOURNAVX as well as the wide range of pain types being treated, which is aligned with JOURNAVX broad label. We continue to execute on the opportunity to transform the treatment of pain while also creating another multibillion-dollar franchise for Vertex. To conclude, we are in a new era of commercial diversification at Vertex, and we look forward to bringing our transformative therapies to more and more patients and to keeping you updated on our progress. I'll now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Duncan. Vertex's Q1 2025 results demonstrate our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile. First quarter 2025 total revenue increased 3% year-over-year to $2.77 billion. U.S. revenue growth of 9% year-over-year was driven by ongoing patient demand, higher net realized pricing and the early launch of ALYFTREK. As expected, ex U.S. revenue in the quarter declined and was down 5% year-on-year. Recall that outside the U.S., Q1 2024 benefited from increased channel inventory due to the majority of Russia shipments occurring early in that year. In Q1 2025, Russia revenue was negatively impacted by the availability of an illegal copy product. Excluding the impact of the revenue decline in Russia, ex U.S. CF revenue growth would have increased in the low single digits. Included in Q1 total revenue was $14 million from CASGEVY and $10 million of collaboration revenue. First quarter 2025 combined non-GAAP R&D, Acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $1.23 billion, an increase of 21% compared to $1.02 billion in the first quarter of 2024. The most significant increases in R&D and SG&A expenses versus prior year were due to rapid advancement of our broad pipeline, including clinical trials for IgAN, pain and type 1 diabetes as well as the build-out of commercial capabilities in pain. First quarter 2025 non-GAAP acquired IPR&D expenses were $20 million compared to $77 million in the first quarter of 2024. First quarter 2025 non-GAAP operating income was $1.18 billion compared to $1.34 billion in non-GAAP operating income in the first quarter of 2024. First quarter 2025 non-GAAP effective tax rate was 18.8%. First quarter 2025 non-GAAP earnings per share were $4.06 compared to $4.76 in the first quarter of 2024 and primarily due to increased operating expenses as well as lower interest income. We ended the quarter with $11.4 billion in cash and investments after deploying approximately $425 million to repurchase more than 930,000 shares in the first quarter. Overall, our priorities for cash deployment remain unchanged. Now switching to guidance. Given the strong start and clear line of sight to the balance of the year, we are raising the low end of our 2025 total revenue guidance from $11.75 billion to a revised range of $11.85 billion to $12 billion, representing growth of approximately 8% at the midpoint at current exchange rates. This outlook reflects our expectation for continued growth from our portfolio of CF medicines, including the ongoing launch of ALYFTREK in the U.S., followed by other regions later this year. We believe the illegal copy issue is isolated to Russia and is fully included in our outlook. Guidance also includes a continued ramp-up in CASGEVY revenue as we treat more patients in geographies where we have secured regulatory approval and reimbursement. In addition, guidance reflects a revenue contribution from JOURNAVX primarily in the second half of 2025. And as a reminder, we expect volumes will ramp ahead of revenue due to financial assistance programs that are designed to provide eligible patients with immediate access while we work to secure broad sustainable payer coverage. Recently announced positive coverage decisions are included in our revenue guidance. As a result of these positive trends and as implied in our guidance range, we expect growth to accelerate over the remainder of the year delivering another strong year for Vertex in 2025. For combined non-GAAP R&D, Acquired IPR&D expenses and SG&A, there is no change to our guidance range of $4.9 billion to $5 billion for the full year 2025. Consistent with prior guidance, this includes approximately $100 million in projected IPR&D charges. We will continue to invest the majority of our operating expenses into R&D given the momentum in our multiple mid- and late-stage clinical development programs with 4 and soon to be 5 Phase III studies ongoing and multiple Phase IIs. The planned increase in commercial costs in 2025 supports our increasingly diversified commercial portfolio, a full year of investments to support the launch of JOURNAVX and potential near-term launches. Given our differentiated business model and focus on specialty markets, we can make these targeted investments while maintaining attractive profitability and cash flow. We expect an immaterial cost impact from tariffs based on what we know today due to our low exposure to China and a geographically diverse supply chain. Additionally, much of our intellectual property is either in the U.S. or the U.K. Of course, given the dynamic nature of the tariff situation, including the potential for sector-specific tariffs, this outlook is subject to change. And finally, on guidance, there is no change to our expected full year 2025 non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 20.5% to 21.5%. In closing, Vertex yet again delivered strong results in line with our expectations in Q1 2025, growing and diversifying our revenue with the launch of 2 new products in the U.S., ALYFTREK and JOURNAVX continuing the global launch of CASGEVY and making significant pipeline progress across the portfolio. In addition, we now have 5 programs that are in Phase III or soon will be and multiple additional programs with first-in-class and/or best-in-class potential in the clinic in our early and mid-stage pipeline. These and other anticipated milestones of continued progress in multiple disease areas are detailed on Slide 17. We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls. Before turning the call to Susie to begin the Q&A period, let me also add my thanks and congratulations to Stuart. Stuart is a talented executive and team player who has contributed enormously to Vertex. He's also a friend. As Stuart passes the baton, we look forward to welcoming Duncan to the executive team and to future earnings calls. I'll now ask Susie to begin the Q&A.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Charlie. Chuck, can you get us started, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question will come from Geoffrey Meacham with Citibank.
Geoffrey Meacham: Stuart, congrats again on the retirement, Duncan, looking forward to working together. I just had a couple of quick ones. One on ALYFTREK on the launch -- what's been the feedback on utilizing sweat chloride as a biomarker more in practice. I wasn't sure if the conversations that you guys are having with pulmonologists on switching from TRIKAFTA is more related to the dosing differential or the sweat chloride or maybe a combination? And then just on JOURNAVX, to get an update -- maybe give us a sense for how you're thinking about the chronic pain indications and the design of those studies. I know you haven't had full FDA discussions, but as you look at the prior data maybe give us a sense for where you are with implementing maybe more novel strategies for that study.
Reshma Kewalramani: Geoff, it's Reshma. Let me start with the JOURNAVX and chronic pain work, and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk ALYFTREK. Really no new news to report to you, Geoff. We're on track to have our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA this summer. I really like the study designs the team has come up with. We've done a lot of work on innovating and optimizing the clinical trial designs. And I do expect that we'll have an update for you this summer. Separately, but on a related note, the DPN study, the diabetic peripheral neuropathy study with VX-548 is well underway enrollment dosing in that study is going well. Stuart, ALYFTREK?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Geoff, on ALYFTREK, I would say sweat chloride is not routinely used in clinical practice to assess CFTR function, although it's well understood as a measure of CFTR function, but it's not something that's being increasingly adopted in clinical practice despite the ALYFTREK data. And in terms of what do people find compelling about the ALYFTREK profile, I would say it's really the sum of the parts, Geoff. So it's firstly, the fact that it's demonstrated in large, long, robust clinical trials that it's noninferior to TRIKAFTA, which, as we all know, sets a very high bar in terms of FEV1 and then it is the improvements in CFTR function that people have the potential to access as measured by sweat chloride then reinforcing that improved potential efficacy. It's the additional 31 mutations in the ALYFTREK label that the FDA granted us versus the TRIKAFTA label. And then lastly, but still very importantly for CF patients, it's the once a day versus the twice a day for TRIKAFTA. So I wouldn't say it's one thing more than the others. It's really that combination of benefits that I think people are finding attractive about the ALYFTREK profile.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jessica Fye with JPMorgan.
Jessica Fye: Stuart, congrats again. First, when you -- maybe for Charlie, when you said you expect immaterial impact from tariffs, just to confirm, is that from the current tariffs? Or is that if biopharma specific tariffs are implemented? And maybe just for our comfort, can you give us a little more detail on Vertex's manufacturing footprint, particularly for a ALYFTREK, TRIKAFTA and JOURNAVX and how you think about the company's potential exposure to tariffs if they are implemented? And then just separately on the CF business, can you recap how we should think about the impact of the Russia issue and just lapping last year sales that included Russia. Is that impact largely contained to 1Q? Or is it also impacts 2Q and subsequent quarters? Can you just quantify what that headwind is?
Charles Wagner: Yes, Jess, I'm going to start with the CF impact. Listen, the year is off to a great start, and it's very much in line with our internal expectations. We commented in the fourth quarter about this isolated issue in Russia. And it's worked out exactly as we expected. The impact in the first quarter is about $100 million. And for the full year, it's $200 million total. And so all of that is included in our current guidance, which, as you know, is 8% growth at the midpoint, which implies acceleration over the balance of the year. So we feel really good about where we're at, and we can talk more about some of the drivers. I'm going to move on to the second part of your question on tariffs. Given how dynamic the situation is, just I have to limit my comments to what we know today. And so for tariffs that have been announced and are in effect, there is an immaterial impact to Vertex. We have, I think, a very well-balanced global supply chain. We have minimal exposure to China. The vast majority of our drug product manufacturing for CF is in the United States and most of our IP is concentrated in the U.S. and the U.K. So for those reasons, the impact is immaterial. Again, there are all sorts of different tariff concepts that are being discussed including sector-specific tariffs until we know more about what might be implemented, I can't really size the impact for you.
Operator: Next question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Just following up on ALYFTREK. Could you just walk us through who the early adopters are, whether there's -- there seems to be a significant portion coming from a certain pool of patients. And then on JOURNAVX, with regard to the commercial payers here. Can you speak to the nuances with regard to tiered and preferred versus nonpreferred status in your overall plan for positioning.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing, Salveen. Let me split that question and ask Stuart to comment on ALYFTREK and the segments we've talked about on the kinds of patients. And then I'll ask Duncan to give you a little bit more color and texture behind the JOURNAVX launch in general, including where we are with payers. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So we are seeing uptake from ALYFTREK in all of the patient groups that we identified. There are those that are newly eligible for a CFTR modulator, people who are sort of truly naive have never been on one previously, which includes the rare mutations that TRIKAFTA was approved for and the additional mutations that ALYFTREK was approved for. And perhaps not surprisingly, we're seeing the fastest uptake as a percentage of the total pool in that group. But we are also seeing patients who've discontinued coming back to a CFTR modulator, now that a new option like ALYFTREK is available. And we are also seeing transitions primarily from TRIKAFTA because that is where the lion's share of CF patients are. And on those transitions, we continue to expect the majority of patients will transition to ALYFTREK over time. So we're really seeing uptake in all 3 of those patient groups. The fastest perhaps not surprisingly in people who've never had a treatment option to treat the underlying cause of their disease before. Duncan?
Duncan McKechnie: Thank you, Stuart. So to provide you with a little bit of context to the overall launch of JOURNAVX to date, we are incredibly pleased with the early progress, although it's early days, we're seeing tremendous receptivity to a novel non-opioid option for the treatment of moderate to severe acute pain. And over the last 3 months, we've made great progress in terms of broad retail pharmacy stocking, advancing discussions with payers, initiating P&T committee reviews as well as broad usage of the product by physicians in multiple different pain settings and conditions in line with the label. To get to your question specifically with regard to tiers and preferred versus nonpreferred, I would say there's an enormous number of payers in the U.S. with an enormous number of different plan designs. And even within the same payer different tiers can mean different things. So what I would focus on are our goals in this area, and that is to ensure that we have payer coverage in line with label, but to ensure that, that coverage has a few restrictions as possible for physician prescribing and that we ensure the product is affordable for patient -- patients and that we get to all of those outcomes whilst ensuring, of course, that we're optimizing the long-term value for Vertex. And so in terms of the progress to date, of the 3 big PBMs in the U.S. We have one of those 3 big PBMs now are covering JOURNAVX for a total of 94 million lives. And I can tell you that the progress that we're making is in line with those overall goals to minimize restrictions for physicians, maximize access for patients and optimize long-term value for Vertex.
Operator: Your next question will come from Tazeen Ahmad with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Tazeen Ahmad: I wanted to ask one a couple actually on JOURNAVX. You talk about the momentum that you've been seeing in the early innings of uptake. I'm just curious as to what the profile of the patients are that are the earliest onboarders and where in the treatment regimen are these scripts being written? Are they being written for patients on their way home from the hospital? Are they being written while in the hospital for use in the hospital? Or is there any other scenario that we're not thinking about -- and as you think about the second half of the year, in terms of acceleration of recorded sales, would you expect to start to see that already in 2Q? Or is most of that going to be back-end loaded towards the end of the year?
Reshma Kewalramani: All right. Duncan, can I ask you a comment on settings of care types of pain on the one hand and then a comment on the volume versus revenue that we've talked about.
Duncan McKechnie: Absolutely. So in terms of the settings of care that we're seeing at this point, we're seeing JOURNAVX used in surgery settings, in non-surgery settings. So for example, we're seeing it used in knee, hip, shoulder replacement, for example, all the way through to ankle sprains, fractured risks, et cetera. So we're seeing broad uptake of JOURNAVX in line with its broad indication and it's being used by a broad range of physicians, for example, orthopedic surgeons, plastics, general surgeons, anesthesiologists and of course, pain specialists and perhaps importantly, we're also seeing repeat use by physicians, and we're seeing very, very positive feedback from physicians in terms of the clinical effect of JOURNAVX to date. In terms of the recorded sales, I think we've always said that we would see volume ramp in the first half of the year and then revenue in the latter part of the year as we secure payer coverage and can thus payer back some of our patient support programs.
Operator: Your next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: I really wanted to touch on the uptick of CASGEVY and really, what are some of the key hurdles that are accelerated -- that are kind of preventing the acceleration of the uptake? Is it fertility issues, health system trust issues, involvement intensity of the procedure. How can you really work to overcome those so we can see really this product hit its maximal potential?
Reshma Kewalramani: Evan, let me ask Stuart to take that one.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Evan, thanks for the question. So we did see acceleration in CASGEVY in the first quarter, building on the foundation that we built in 2024. The things that I think are leading to that acceleration and that we expect to continue as we work through the balance of 2025 is firstly, establishing authorized treatment centers. Obviously, we need to have those so that patients can get treated. Securing access and reimbursement. We've done that in large part here in the U.S. in both commercial and government paid. And increasingly, we are securing reimbursed access for sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia outside of the U.S., and we announced a number of those in my prepared remarks. We're also seeing centers get more familiar with the treatment process. Clearly, this is a very innovative medicine. This is a very innovative a new treatment process for them and their patients to consider and as they get more experience with the process, then that's also encouraging them to treat more patients. And I mentioned again in my prepared remarks that we've seen a number of our authorized treatment centers that have treated multiple patients now. So I think all of those things contribute to the acceleration we saw in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue through the balance of 2025 and beyond, and it's that which gives me confidence that CASGEVY truly does have the potential to be a multibillion-dollar product for Vertex.
Operator: Next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: We had two questions on pain. I guess a lot of Wall Street is looking at third-party data, actually the script data in total tracks with what you guys are talking about, but a lot of people are seeing it sort of decelerate week over week. So maybe could you just confirm or talk to what you see week-over-week -- and are you seeing an acceleration and don't pay too much attention to the data there. And then on 993, we have historically talked about with David and Fred about how that could have significantly better exposure than Susie. So could you just tell us about the data coming up in acute pain in the second half? And how would you compare that to the acute pain data we've already seen and figure out what to do with that?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Mike, it's Reshma. I'll take your second question first on VX-993 and then I'll turn it over to Duncan to tell you a little bit about JOURNAVX, the momentum, the data we see and help you sort of think through the commonly available IMS data and the data that we see, which also includes hospital. On VX-993, so the big news from my prepared remarks on this 1 is the Phase II trial in acute pain post bunionectomy is going to complete in the near term. And I do expect to be able to share results with you in the second half of this year. What we're looking for in this program, it is a more potent molecule. It is a molecule where we can dose higher. And so we're looking forward to exploring the full dose range of 993 and what we're really looking for here is two things. One is to have yet another safe and efficacious NaV1.8 inhibitor, and we want that because we are looking for options and for NAV1.7, which is making its way preclinically. Certainly, our NAV1.7 inhibitor, when it makes its way into the clinic could be co-formulated with dynamics, that's one possibility and a different possibility is that we have additional options like VX-993. So that's one thing we're looking for. And second is, of course, if it is possible to do better than JOURNAVX on efficacy, boy, we're going to be the ones who do that, and 993 is the first option behind JOURNAVX to tell us if that's possible. Clearly, that will require cross-study comparisons and the limits that come with that. But I'm really happy to see this program move as fast as it has and to share results when available. Duncan, can you say a few words about the momentum of the JOURNAVX scripts and the data sources.
Duncan McKechnie: Yes. Thank you, Mike, for the question. So maybe just to step back briefly quickly. Our goals in 2025 are really focused on securing payer coverage for JOURNAVX as well as P&T wins whilst providing, of course, a seamless experience for patients. And as you've seen from our prepared remarks. We're incredibly encouraged by the progress we're making with payers and in terms of P&T coverage as well. In terms of the prescription data, I would make a couple of points. Firstly, the latest total prescription data ending the week of April 25, so Friday, April 25, is 25,000 prescriptions, but I suspect that in the data you're seeing, you're seeing the IMS retail date, which does not include usage in hospitals where we are seeing, of course, uptake. So the total number we're giving you includes both the retail data as well as hospital usage. I would say also that we are incredibly early in the launch, and it is incredibly common to see variability week by week in prescription numbers, for example, actually last week's data showed the fastest growth in retail since JOURNAVX became available. So overall, I think as the payer coverage improves and our formulary adoption increases in hospitals, and as physicians get more experience with JOURNAVX, we'll continue to see growth of the products. So overall, we're incredibly happy with the progress, happy with the 25,000 prescriptions to date and looking forward to seeing those numbers grow over time.
Operator: The next question will come from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI.
Liisa Bayko: Congratulations on the quarter. I was wondering if you could just provide a little more granularity as a follow-up question to one of the earlier ones on JOURNAVX. In terms of the prescriptions, how many of those patients were kind of fully paying patients? What are gross to nets? And how do you anticipate that evolving as the year goes on? What should be the target gross to net, say, by the end of the year? And just then one on type 1 diabetes. If you could just give us a little bit of color on the product in Zimislecel the 60k patients, who those patients are exactly? I know there's a certain blood type within that as well.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Thanks so much, Lisa. Let me ask Charlie to comment on gross to net, and I'll come back and tell you a little bit about Zimislecel.
Charles Wagner: Yes, Lisa. Keep in mind that we're only reporting our first quarter results here and the approval was only in the first quarter as well. So -- gross to net is impacted by our patient assistance program. That's going to have a significant impact early in the launch while we work to secure broad and sustainable access as we gain access, the patient assistance programs will fall away and gross to net will start to normalize over the balance of the year. So I'm not going to get any more specific than that. But as we exit 2025 and into '26 we should be approaching something that's a bit more normalized.
Reshma Kewalramani: And then, Lisa, on the Zimislecel program, you'll remember that this first program targets about 60,000 people in the U.S. and Canada and Europe that are the most severe of our type 1 diabetics. These are people who have very brittle diabetes high highs in terms of sugar and low lows and multiple SHEs or symptomatic hypoglycemic episodes. So this first filing that we're looking for, the enrollment in dosing should be done in the near term. I said by the end of the quarter, we'll set us up for that filing sometime next year that is for about 60,000 patients. We're then looking to expand that not only in terms of the patient numbers that can be served, including immunosuppression, but also then moving to alternative immunosuppression and then, of course, our gene-edited programs and other programs to clock our cells so that immunosuppression is not necessary. So that's sort of the trajectory that we're looking at. First filings, I expect we'll start next year, and that's for about 60,000 patients. Those are the most severe of T1D patients.
Operator: Next question will come from Eliana Merle with UBS.
Eliana Merle: For JOURNAVX, the retail pharmacy stocking you mentioned stocking now at around 30,000 retail locations. Can you put this in the context relative to the total number of retail locations you hope to be stocked at? And then in terms of the mix of scripts being filled in the retail versus the hospital setting? How do you expect that to trend over the course of the year? And then just lastly, what's the average duration for the script that you're seeing for JOURNAVX in terms of those that are being written so far?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Duncan, all 3 of you.
Duncan McKechnie: Okay. Thank you for the question, Ali. So to take them in order, in terms of retail pharmacy stocking, -- it has always been a key part of our launch plan to ensure that JOURNAVX is easily available for patients. Obviously, they are being treated for acute pain and need to be able to get the medicine rapidly. So at the point of retail stocking, we were in about 95% of retail locations across the U.S. Obviously, that number varies day by day. Depending on when JOURNAVX has been used and prescribed and comes out of the pharmacy store. But overall, we're looking for broad coverage and thus easy access in retail for patients throughout the year. In terms of the retail and hospital setting, maybe to step back a little bit, you may remember that in the acute pain market, about 15% of patients are in the pure hospital setting, about 35% of treatment days in discharge and about 50% are in retail, and we have always communicated that we expected to see the initial prescriptions for JOURNAVX focused heavily in the discharge setting as the hospital formularies get up to speed. And that essentially is exactly what we are seeing. That trend will, we think, persist for the rest of the year. And in terms of the average duration of a prescription in moderate to severe acute pain, it, of course, varies by setting of care as to whether someone is inpatient or whether they are outpatient or in the retail setting and also by type of medicines, say, an opioid versus an NSAID, but the average is about 14 days. And essentially, that is what we're seeing, the prescription duration for JOURNAVX at this point.
Operator: The next question will come from David Risinger with Leerink.
David Risinger: Yes. So I'm just hoping to clarify -- regarding the PBM with 22 million lives, are those within the 94 million figure or on top? And are they unrestricted or restricted lives. And then separately, just a higher-level question, please, Reshma. How is Vertex engaging with Washington leadership to educate elected leadership about the importance of both proven medical science and biotechnology innovation to the United States?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. David, thanks for the question. Let me take the second question first, and then I'll turn it over to Duncan to tell you a little bit more about the lives covered. We are and have been engaged with D.C. as well as with state governments on all of our medicines, CF, CASGEVY, JOURNAVX as well as the pipeline. I found those meetings to be constructive. And as far as our ability to ensure that the programs are reviewed in a timely fashion that we get feedback from regulators and that we are able to speak with those providing coverage, that has also continued. It's been business as usual and nothing out of the ordinary for us. Duncan, over to you.
Duncan McKechnie: Dave, thank you for the question. So yes, the 22 million lives that you're referring to are included in the total 94 million and in general, those 22 million lives fall into our definition of unrestricted where we're looking for either no prior authorizations or no step edits.
Susie Lisa: Last question, Chuck.
Operator: The last question will come from Gena Wang with Barclays.
Gena Wang: Maybe one regarding the VX-522. I know you cannot comment too much. But for the temporary pause, was that due to the -- so I don't know if you can give a little bit more color regarding what are the tolerability issue that raised and then -- yes, so that's the first question. And then second question is regarding the ALYFTREK. If we look at the first quarter revenue and when we compare to the other CF launch in the past, how do you see this compared to the past? And do you expect the trend to pick up in the next few quarters?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Gena, let me take the question on 522 and then I'll ask Stuart to comment about the ALYFTREK launch. Obviously, we have the great benefit of having Stuart here, who has been involved in every single CF launch, so he'll have good line of sight on that. I don't have much more to add, Gena, because VX-522 is an active program. And because we want to maintain study integrity, I'll just leave it at the fact that the team is assessing a tolerability issue. And once we're able to say more, we certainly will. And I'll turn it over to Stuart to tell you about ALYFTREK.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Gena, I think it's a little bit difficult to compare ALYFTREK to other of our CFTR modulator approvals for one main reason. If you think about ORKAMBI when it was first approved, it was approved for mutations, which accounted for approximately 50% of CF patients where previously all we had was KALYDECO, which at the time, I think, was probably around 7%-ish of genotypes for all CF patients. And then if you think back to when TRIKAFTA came along, TRIKAFTA took us from the sort of the 50% to the -- on its first approval to almost 90%. So there was such a lot of newly eligible patients who had never had a treatment to treat the underlying cause of their disease. ALYFTREK slightly different to that, right? There are additional mutations. There are additional patients who are now eligible for a CFTR modulator with the approval of ALYFTREK. I talked about the 31 additional mutations here in the U.S., but that's really hundreds of patients, whereas for ORKAMBI and TRIKAFTA, we were talking about thousands, if not tens of thousands of newly eligible patients. So I think it's really difficult to compare and contrast the approvals this early on. What I can tell you is we're seeing uptake in all the groups of patients that we anticipated naive patients, those who are discontinued and those who are already on a CFTR modulator. And so we're very pleased with the launch of ALYFTREK to date, and we look forward to keeping you updated over coming quarters.
Susie Lisa: That will conclude. Chuck, if you could please relay the information.
End of Q&A: Yes, ma'am. This concludes our question-and-answer session as well as our conference call for today. Thank you for attending today's presentation. A replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes here by dialing 1-877-344-7529 or 1-412-317-0088 using replay access code 101-96550. Thank you for your participation today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, all. My name is Susie Lisa. And as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our fourth quarter 2024 financial results conference call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed medicines for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, beta thalassemia and moderate-to-severe acute pain; our pipeline; and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening all, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Before diving into Q4 and full year earnings, I'd like to provide a quick update on some leadership changes planned for mid-2025, as noted in our press release. Stuart Arbuckle will be retiring on July 1 of this year, after an almost 40-year career in biopharma and a stellar dozen-plus years at Vertex. First as Chief Commercial Officer and then as COO. Stuart reimagined the Vertex commercial organization as the company transitioned from hepatitis C and in CBIC to establishing itself in CF. And since then, he has led as Vertex's Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Operating Officer with great skill and innovation. Stuart has been at the helm through the launches and commercialization of all of our CFTR modulators, beginning with KALYDECO and all the way through to ALYFTREK. He has also helped develop and lead the organization into this new era of commercial diversification with the launches of CASGEVY and JOURNAVX. Anyone who has had the privilege to work with Stuart, as I have, knows Stuart to be a consummate professional, an incredible leader and an excellent developer of talent. He is uncommonly poised, leads with integrity and always puts patients first. As part of our carefully planned succession, Stuart is fully on board at Vertex until July, which will allow for a seamless transition. While we still have many months before he retires, I want to take this opportunity to convey my deep gratitude for his partnership and for all that Stuart has done for Vertex. We are very thoughtful and deliberate in how we plan for senior leader succession, and we always do so with a long-time horizon in mind. Thanks to this careful planning, we have never been in a stronger position to pass the baton from Stuart to other experienced senior leaders, and we are very confident that the transition will enable us to execute seamlessly on the significant opportunities ahead. In that regard, I am very pleased to announce that Charlie Wagner, who joined as CFO in April of 2019 and whom all of you know very well, will take on the additional role of COO on July 1. I am equally pleased to announce that Duncan McKechnie, our long-time SVP and Head of the North American Commercial team, will be promoted to EVP and Chief Commercial Officer, also on July 1. Duncan had over 20-years experience in the industry across a wide range of strategic, operational and commercial roles in multiple disease areas and geographies at both GSK and Novartis prior to joining Vertex 12 years ago. Duncan has been working side by side with Stuart since 2013, during which time he played an instrumental role architecting the successful launches of all of our CF medicines, as well as the CASGEVY and JOURNAVX launches in the U.S In addition to his role as the Commercial Head of North America since 2022, Duncan has also led the Global Health Economics as well as the Global Value and Access Functions across the entire Vertex portfolio. I'm proud of the deep bench of outstanding talent we have at Vertex, and I'm looking forward to working directly with Duncan as he joins the Executive Committee and steps into the CCO role and as Charlie continues as CFO and adds COO responsibilities in July. Moving to earnings. Fourth quarter performance wrapped up another strong year, as the continued outstanding commercial execution in CF helped us drive double-digit revenue growth for our 10th consecutive year and the launch of CASGEVY set us on the course of revenue diversification. We continued to reach more patients and delivered $2.91 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, representing 16% growth versus Q4 2023. For the full-year 2024, revenue reached a new milestone of just over $11 billion, plus 12% versus 2023 and exceeded our full-year product revenue guidance of $10.8 billion to $10.9 billion. From this strong base, in 2025, we are focused on driving a significant expansion in the patients we serve with the ongoing launch of CASGEVY and two recent U.S. NDA approvals: ALYFTREK, our next-generation fifth CF medicine approved on December 20; and JOURNAVX, approved for moderate-to-severe acute pain on January 30. The JOURNAVX approval is landmark as it represents the first oral non-opioid pain signal inhibitor and the first new class of pain medicine in over 20-years. We see this approval as significant for millions of patients, for Vertex and for society as an important option to support public health efforts to curb the opioid epidemic. Our R&D teams have worked on this program for many years, and it is indeed my privilege to acknowledge their efforts and also to thank the patients and healthcare providers, who participated in the clinical trials and made this approval possible. With these two recent approvals for ALYFTREK and JOURNAVX in hand and the continuing CASGEVY global launch, we have a keen focus on commercialization and our teams are working to secure broad access and reimbursement for patients who are waiting. As I detailed in January, as the number of in-line approved medicines grow and the late-stage pipeline advances, we anticipate significantly expanding the number of patients we serve over the coming years. In 2024, our transformative therapies have the potential to serve approximately 160,000 patients with CF, sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia. Now we can add 80 million acute pain patients to that reach, thanks to the approval of JOURNAVX. And beyond moderate-to-severe acute pain, focusing just on the mid- and late-stage pipeline, we seek to serve more than 5 million more patients, including those with type 1 diabetes and certain renal diseases and then another 10 million plus patients with peripheral neuropathic pain in the U.S. alone. To give you a sense of our momentum, we are on track for key clinical development milestones in three pivotal studies this year. First, completing enrollment and dosing in the zimislecel Phase 1/2/3 study in type 1 diabetes, which would position us to file for regulatory approval once this cohort has follow-up with one-year of insulin independence. Second, completing enrollment in the interim analysis cohort of povetacicept in IgAN, which would position us to file for potential U.S. accelerated approval once that cohort reaches 36 weeks of treatment. And third, completing enrollment in the interim analysis cohort for inaxaplin for AMKD, which would position us to file for potential U.S. accelerated approval once that cohort reaches 48 weeks of treatment. In addition, we continue to execute the Phase 3 study of suzetrigine in patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy. We're also making strong progress with VX-993, the next-generation NaV1.8 inhibitor in both moderate-to-severe acute pain and diabetic peripheral neuropathy. We also have ongoing trials of potentially transformative medicines like VX-670 in myotonic dystrophy type 1, povetacicept in a basket study in indications beyond IgAN and expect to move VX-407 for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease into Phase 2 this summer. It's truly an exciting era of broad diversification at Vertex in terms of the revenue base, our pipeline and our geographic presence. Given the detailed clinical update we provided in January, I'll focus the R&D updates tonight on CF and our clinical-stage renal pipeline. Starting with CF. The U.S. launch is underway for ALYFTREK, the fifth Vertex CFTR modulator regimen, while we are also working to secure approval in international regions. As we work to get ALYFTREK to patients around the globe, we are already in the clinic with our next-generation CFTR modulator regimen. With each CFTR modulator regimen that gains approval, we raised the bar ever higher for ourselves and the field as a whole as we continue our mission to bring all patients with CF to normal levels of CFTR function. We term TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO, the next-generation CFTR modulator or NG 1.0. ALYFTREK is NG 2.0. The NG 3.0 regimen consists of VX-828, a CFTR corrector, VX-118 is CFTR potentiator and tezacaftor. This NG 3.0 triple combo regimen has shown even greater efficacy, in other words, even greater improvement in CFTR dependent chloride transport than in ALYFTREK in our CF human bronchial epithelial cell assays, which have been shown to be highly predictive of clinical outcomes. We expect this regimen to be in the clinic in a study of CF patients this year. We also continue to enroll and dose the MAD portion of the Phase 1/2 study of VX-522 for the 5,000 plus patients, who cannot benefit from our CFTR modulators. Results from the MAD portion of the study are expected later this year. Moving on now to what I see as a real renaissance in renal therapeutic drug development. We are focused on advancing potential therapeutics that hold a promise to treat the underlying cause of disease in three different severe renal conditions. First, inaxaplin for APOL1 mediated kidney disease or AMKD. As mentioned, we are working towards our goal of completing enrollment of the interim analysis cohort of the pivotal AMPLITUDE study this year. AMPLITUDE is a study of primary AMKD, that is to say patients with two APOL1 alleles and no additional renal comorbidities. After completing enrollment, when this cohort reaches 48-weeks of treatment, we will conduct the interim analysis. If positive, we will be able to file for potential accelerated approval in the U.S. In addition, I'm pleased to announce that last month we initiated a new study, AMPLIFIED, which is a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study of inaxaplin in patients with AMKD and other comorbidities, including type 2 diabetes. Second, povetacicept, a dual antagonist of the APRIL and BAFF cytokines, which play key roles in the pathogenesis of B-cell-mediated autoimmune diseases. This dual inhibition mechanism of action, the preclinical and clinical data to-date, plus pove's once-monthly dosing frequency and small volume subcutaneous route of administration give us high confidence in its promise as a transformative medicine for patients with IgAN and other B-cell-mediated diseases. As mentioned in January, we expect to complete enrollment of the interim analysis cohort of the pove study in IgAN this year. To this end, I am pleased to report that we have now opened more than 100 clinical trial sites in more than 20 countries, including in the U.S., Europe and Asia, and enrollment and dosing are well underway. Once this cohort has 36-weeks of follow-up, we'll conduct the interim analysis. And if positive, it would support filing for a potential accelerated approval in the U.S. And third, an earlier-stage renal program that represents an additional significant opportunity, VX-407, in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease or ADPKD, where we are nearing completion of the Phase 1 trial. ADPKD is the most common severe monogenic disease amongst Caucasians and the most common inherited cause of end-stage renal disease in the U.S. and globally. An estimated 300,000 people in the U.S. and Europe are living with ADPKD, yet there are no treatments that address the underlying cause of disease. It is a life-shortening disease that is characterized by the growth of numerous cysts that impair kidney function and can ultimately lead to kidney failure. Around half of patients with ADPKD experience kidney failure by the age of 60. The majority of ADPKD cases are caused by variance in the PKD1 gene, which encodes the polycystin 1 or PC1 protein. These inherited variants lead to the loss of PC1 function that leads to the proliferation of kidney epithelial cells, increased fluid secretion and the formation and expansion of fluid filled cysts. The progressive cyst formation causes an increase in kidney size and decline in kidney function. VX-407 is a first-in-class, small molecule, protein-folding corrector that is designed to target the underlying cause of ADPKD. By correcting PC1 folding to restore function, this has the potential to arrest cyst growth. By way of its mechanism of action, VX-407 has potential in a subset of patients with protein-folding mutations of PKD1, estimated at up to 30,000 patients or about 10% of the overall ADPKD population. As we're doing in CF, we seek to serially innovate and over time reach the full 300,000 patients with ADPKD. For VX-407, we expect to complete our Phase 1 study soon. And if the results are supportive, advance to Phase 2 later this year. With that review, I'll turn it over to Stuart for a commercial update.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thank you very much, Reshma. While I admit to having very mixed emotions at retiring from Vertex in July, I know that the timing is right from both a professional and personal standpoint. It's been an amazing journey at Vertex over the last 13-years, as we've executed on our unique and differentiated strategy to develop and commercialize transformative medicines for patients with CF, sickle cell disease, beta-thalassemia and pain. And I'm very confident we will successfully develop many more transformative medicines such as in diabetes, renal and autoimmune diseases from our broad late-stage clinical pipeline. The business has never been in a better position scientifically and commercially than we are today. I'm also highly confident that we have developed the right talent to maximize these significant opportunities. I'm thrilled to transition leadership of our outstanding commercial organization to Duncan as the new CCO. I've known Duncan for decades and recruited him to Vertex. He brings a rare combination of outstanding strategic thinking, results-focused operational excellence and people management skills. And I have every confidence he will help lead the company to even greater heights. Although I will see many of you between now and July, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all our shareholders and analysts for your support and engagement over the years, and I look forward to helping you get to know Duncan over the coming months. With that, I will focus my comments tonight on our three recent launches; including the early U.S. launch of ALYFTREK, the continuing global launch of CASGEVY, building on the foundation we established in 2024 and the initial launch of JOURNAVX in acute pain. Starting with CF. Once again, we delivered strong CF results for the quarter and the full-year as we further grew the number of eligible patients taking our CFTR modulators. We made rapid regulatory and reimbursement progress in 2024, enabling us to expand to younger patients, patients with rare mutations and patients in new geographies. ALYFTREK is now our fifth CFTR modulator approved to treat the underlying cause of CF. We were pleased with the early approval of ALYFTREK, which in clinical trials has demonstrated non-inferiority on lung function to TRIKAFTA, the current standard-of-care for eligible patients with CF. ALYFTREK clinical trials also demonstrated further improvements in CFTR function, as measured by sweat chloride. We believe this profile, along with the convenience of once-daily dosing, sets the stage for ALYFTREK to potentially become the new standard-of-care in CF. ALYFTREK Is also approved for an additional 31 mutations that are not covered by the TRIKAFTA label. And finally, ALYFTREK carries a meaningfully lower royalty burden for Vertex and extends our composition of matter patent protection from 2037 for TRIKAFTA into 2039 for ALYFTREK. We have received positive feedback from physicians and patients for ALYFTREK. Early insights show enthusiasm for a new option that offers the convenience of once-daily dosing to simplify treatment and expanded eligibility for many patients, who are today not being treated with a CFTR modulator, including those, who have one of the 31 rare mutations that are not responsive to our other CFTR modulators. In these early days of the launch, centers are familiarizing themselves with the data and the liver monitoring requirements to frame conversations about initiation with naive, discontinued and potential [sick] (ph) patients. We have seen interest in ALYFTREK from all of these groups of eligible patients, and I'm pleased to report that the first patients have already initiated treatment with ALYFTREK. As we think about the uptake of ALYFTREK, we are confident that CF patients will seek the best medicine for them, and we believe that for the majority of patients, that is ALYFTREK. We expect that the short-term liver monitoring requirements to initiate ALYFTREK will be considered in the context of the potential for a lifetime of improved CFTR function and the benefits of once-daily dosing. Outside the U.S., regulatory reviews are underway for ALYFTREK, including in the United Kingdom, European Union, Canada, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand. We look forward to the potential approvals of this best-in-class medicine in these markets in 2025. Now turning to CASGEVY, our transformative one-time treatment for patients with sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. It is just over a year since the historic approval of CASGEVY, which has been enthusiastically received by patients, physicians, payers and policymakers. And the launch is gathering momentum across all regions. Two important markers of our launch progress are ATC activations and patient cell collections. As we reported in January, we exited 2024 with more than 50 authorized treatment centers, well on our way to our goal to activate approximately 75 total ATCs globally. Approximately 50 patients across all regions have their first cell collections in 2024 and patient infusions of CASGEVY edited cells have already occurred in both the Middle East and the U.S. We continue to make exciting progress in the Middle East. In November of 2023 and January of 2024, we secured regulatory approvals in Bahrain and KSA, respectively. And on December 31, 2024, we secured regulatory approval in the United Arab Emirates. We are working to expand further in the region with anticipated filings in Kuwait and Qatar later this year. In this region, we now have national reimbursement in Bahrain, hospital-based coverage in Saudi Arabia and are working towards coverage in the United Arab Emirates. Continuing with the payer landscape, we recently reached a reimbursement agreement with NHS England for the treatment of patients with sickle cell disease. This means that eligible sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia patients now have access to CASGEVY in England. In the U.S., both SCD and TDT patients have access either through private insurance, where over 250 million lives are covered, or through single case agreements. And in the Medicaid segment, as of last month, states may now begin to apply to participate in the CMMI cell and gene therapy access model, which we believe will further expand access for eligible patients as states may then subsequently opt-in to the CMS negotiated agreements. We are focused on leveraging the foundation we established for CASGEVY in 2024 to build momentum in 2025 and beyond for this multi-billion dollar opportunity, as we work to get this transformative therapy to more and more patients around the world. Shifting now to JOURNAVX in acute pain as we are currently 10 days post the milestone approval of this first selective, oral, non-opioid pain signal inhibitor. The approval is so critical because JOURNAVX represents the first new class of pain medicine in over 20 years. It combines effective pain relief with a favorable safety profile. And based on its MOA, it does not have addiction potential. It is indicated for use across all types of moderate-to-severe acute pain. For example, post-surgery, broken bones, sports injuries and has the potential to establish a new standard of care for the 80 million patients, who seek a prescription therapy to treat moderate-to-severe acute pain each year in the U.S. Half of those seeking help for their acute pain or approximately 40 million Americans each year are prescribed opioids, which although effective have significant safety and tolerability concerns and addictive potential. In fact, tragically, an estimated 85,000 people each year will develop opioid use disorder within the first year of being prescribed an opioid for acute pain. We believe we now have the opportunity to transform how acute pain is treated in the U.S. and to build another multi-billion dollar franchise for Vertex. We were launch ready for the PDUFA date and have now begun commercialization of JOURNAVX. Our focus for 2025 is to engage with healthcare professionals, formulary decision-makers and payers to establish the conditions for rapid patient access that will deliver long-term commercial success for our pain franchise. To that end, while still just a few days into the launch, we believe that the incredibly broad positive media coverage JOURNAVX has received since approval is one measure of the high unmet need and an indication of the societal importance of providing both physicians and patients with a new non-opioid option for the treatment of acute pain. We've already seen tremendous interest and requests for information from both doctors and patients, and we look forward to being able to serve them. Our 150 person sales force is actively engaging with healthcare providers and physicians on the compelling efficacy and safety data of JOURNAVX and its role in all types of moderate-to-severe acute pain. In the institutional setting, we are engaging with roughly 2,000 high-volume hospitals and approximately 150 related health systems. We have line of sight to accelerate the typical P&T committee processes in many networks to support the use of JOURNAVX in this setting. We are advancing our discussions with national and regional payers and group purchasing organizations to provide access to JOURNAVX, building on our work pre-approval to accelerate formula reviews and limit inappropriate utilization management controls. And lastly, with retail pharmacies, we are working to secure broad stocking agreements at national retail pharmacies and regional chains to ensure availability of JOURNAVX for patients across the country. We have also now begun our non-personal promotional initiatives to physicians and patients to promote broad awareness of the first, oral, non-opioid pain signal inhibitor for moderate-to-severe acute pain, such as embedded content in relevant websites like Medscape for physicians and WebMD for consumers, along with point-of-care marketing. Furthermore, we continue to see momentum and interest by policymakers, both on the federal and the state level in providing equal access to non-opioid options for pain relief. The NOPAIN Act launched on January 1 and provides a Medicare add-on payment for non-opioids used in the hospital outpatient or ambulatory surgery center settings. We expect JOURNAVX to be added near term to the list of medicines approved for this add-on payment. The alternatives to PAIN Act had 78 co-sponsors from both parties last year, and is expected to be reintroduced in the new Congress with similar and growing support. Additional federal and state initiatives also continue to progress. For example, just six weeks into 2025, 17 states have already introduced legislation to support the use of non-opioid options, adding to the seven states that enacted legislation for Medicaid and state-regulated plans in 2024. We expect more states to join this movement. On the pricing front, we have priced JOURNAVX at $15.50 per pill or $31 per day at list price. We believe this price strikes a balance between ensuring broad access with the benefits it brings to patients and society, including the cost offsets that JOURNAVX may provide. It also recognizes our 20-plus year investment in pain. And significantly, we feel that this pricing enables us to continue to invest, so that we can be the leader in serving patients with acute and chronic pain for decades to come. As previously discussed, in the early months of the launch, we are strategically investing in initiatives, including financial assistance programs for eligible patients that enable smooth, rapid access for patient prescribed JOURNAVX, which is critical given the acute nature of the condition. And lastly, we expect to start shipping JOURNAVX to wholesalers by the end of this month, with retail availability a few days later. To conclude, we had a very strong commercial execution throughout 2024 and are already executing on the multiple launches and growth opportunities ahead of us in 2025. We are in a new and exciting era of commercial diversification, with the ongoing global launch of CASGEVY, the launch of ALYFTREK in CF and JOURNAVX in moderate-to-severe acute pain in the U.S. I'll now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex's excellent results in the fourth quarter of 2024 demonstrate once again our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile. Fourth quarter 2024 total product revenue increased 16% year-over-year to $2.91 billion, including revenue growth of 17% in the U.S. and 14% outside the U.S. The exceptional U.S. CF revenue growth in the quarter resulted from continued strong patient demand and the effect of the January 2024 price increase, as well as a favorable gross to net dynamic. Ex-U.S. revenue growth was driven by strong CF performance in many established markets as well as in newer markets where we have recently transitioned to long-term reimbursement agreements. Revenue in the quarter also benefited from certain non-recurring items. Full-year revenue of $11.02 billion represents 12% growth versus 2023, our 10th consecutive year of double-digit growth. Fourth quarter 2024 combined non-GAAP R&D acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $1.3 billion, an increase of 29% compared to $1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023. The most significant areas of increased investment versus prior year included the pivotal studies for type 1 diabetes, IgAN, AMKD and DPN, as well as the build-out of capabilities for both our expanding pipeline and ongoing commercial launches. Also included in Q4 2024 results are $88 million of acquired IPR&D expenses, including for the Orna collaboration to develop next-generation in vivo therapeutics for sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. This compares to $18 million of such charges in the fourth quarter of 2023. Full-year 2024 combined non-GAAP R&D acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $8.82 billion compared to $4.24 billion in 2023. Included in full-year 2024 results are $4.63 billion of acquired IPR&D charges, with the vast majority resulting from the Alpine Immune Sciences acquisition. Acquired IPR&D charges were $527 million for the full-year 2023. The year-over-year increase in R&D expenses was driven by continued investment in our pipeline, including four ongoing pivotal studies. The year-over-year increase in SG&A costs was primarily driven by investments in our commercial organization to support the launches of JOURNAVX and CASGEVY. Fourth quarter 2024 non-GAAP operating income was $1.2 billion, compared to $1.15 billion in non-GAAP operating income in the fourth quarter of 2023. Full-year 2024 non-GAAP operating income was $696 million, compared to $4.37 billion in 2023. Recall that full-year 2024 non-GAAP operating income reflects a $4.4 billion charge for acquired IPR&D from the acquisition of Alpine. Fourth quarter 2024 non-GAAP effective tax rate of 21.3% was in line with our expectations, while our 16.3% tax rate in Q4 '23 benefited from higher U.S. R&D tax credits. Our full-year 2024 effective tax rate of 91% reflects the non-deductibility of the Alpine acquired IPR&D charge. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in 2023 was 19.4%. Fourth quarter 2024 non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.98, compared to $4.20 in the fourth quarter of 2023, largely as a result of lower interest income and the tax rate differential previously noted. Full-year 2024 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.42 compared to $15.23 in 2023. For reference, the Alpine AIPR&D charge equates to roughly $17 on a per share basis. We ended the quarter with $11.2 billion in cash and investments. Our priorities for cash deployment remain unchanged, as we continue to prioritize investment in innovation, including external innovation via business development. We also continued our share repurchase program and deployed approximately $1.2 billion to repurchase 2.7 million shares over the course of 2024, including 961,000 shares in the fourth quarter. Now switching to guidance. For 2025, we expect total revenue in a range of $11.75 billion to $12 billion, representing growth of approximately 8% at the midpoint at current exchange rates, with the U.S. as the main driver of total revenue growth. This outlook reflects our expectation for continued growth from our portfolio of CF medicines, including the U.S. launch of ALYFTREK. Note that ex-U.S. CF revenue growth will be impacted by a reduction of revenue in one country outside our core markets where certain intellectual property rights are being violated. This impact will be most pronounced in Q1 as the increases in international channel inventory that occurred in Q1 of 2024 will not repeat in Q1 2025. Guidance also includes a continued ramp-up in CASGEVY revenue as we treat more patients in approved geographies. Given the very recent approval of JOURNAVX, guidance also reflects the contribution from this launch in the U.S., primarily in the back half of the year. We expect JOURNAVX volumes to ramp-up ahead of revenue as a result of financial assistance programs that are designed to provide eligible patients with immediate access while we work to secure broad sustainable payer coverage. To give you context on the launch progress of JOURNAVX, we will provide metrics on total covered lives and prescription data over the course of 2025. Also, note that the expected benefit to gross margin in 2025 from the lower royalty rate on ALYFTREK will largely be offset by the higher cost of goods on our other new product launches as they scale towards their long-term margins. For combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D expenses and SG&A, we project a range of $4.9 billion to $5 billion for the full-year 2025. This guidance includes approximately $100 million in currently anticipated IPR&D charges. We will continue to invest a majority of our operating expenses into R&D given the momentum in our multiple mid- and late-stage clinical development programs. The costs for four Phase 3 studies were a driver of increased investment in Q4 '24, and this trend will continue over the course of 2025 with the four Phase 3 studies continuing and multiple Phase 2s ongoing as well. The increase in commercial costs in 2025 supports our increasingly diversified commercial portfolio and reflects a full year of investments to support the launch of JOURNAVX, as well as targeted spending on commercial capabilities for future potential multi-billion dollar opportunities in renal therapies and zimislecel, for example. Given our differentiated business model and focus on specialty markets, we can make these targeted investments while maintaining attractive profitability and cash flow. Our full year 2025 non-GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 20.5% to 21.5%. In closing, Vertex delivered excellent results yet again in 2024, achieving strong revenue growth, advancing our CASGEVY launch and gaining important regulatory approvals that position us for commercial launches, all while continuing to make significant pipeline progress across the portfolio. We are now launching two new products in the U.S., driving the CASGEVY global launch and enrolling four Phase 3 studies, with three of them expected to reach significant enrollment milestones this year. These and other anticipated milestones of continued progress in multiple disease areas are detailed on slide 16. We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls, and I'll now ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Operator: Well now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. On JOURNAVX -- actually, Stuart, we really are going to miss you and Duncan, welcome here. Maybe just going back to my question on JOURNAVX, can you further elaborate on pre-launch efforts in the retail pharmacies and the P&T committee review processes and how you can work to accelerate these aspects? And then secondly, on your mRNA program in cystic fibrosis, maybe frame for us how you think of success here? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. So Salveen, let me turn it over to Stuart first, and then I'll come back to the mRNA question. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Hey, Salveen. Thanks for the kind words. Yes, so in terms of our work with retail, we've been working with the largest national retail chains and also regional chains to ensure that we get broad availability of JOURNAVX across the U.S., and it's very important, obviously, to have broad availability because we want the product to be there when a patient in acute pain turns up with their prescription because they obviously can't wait. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are expecting to have the product with wholesalers by the end of this month and in retail shortly thereafter. And I am expecting that we will have broad availability across the entire U.S. In terms of our work with both payers on their approval processes and also institutions on theirs, pre-approval, we were working on them compliantly to provide them with information that they need, such as the full clinical profile of the medicine. Obviously, now we also have the established price, which is an important component for them as well. And we do have indications that people are looking to move quickly to provide access to JOURNAVX given the benefit-risk profile, and we'll keep you updated on our progress with that over the next few weeks and months.
Reshma Kewalramani: And Salveen, on your question with regard to mRNA, so these are the last 5,000 or so patients. They have no options available to them. And so if I think about the approved medicines or can be on the one hand with about a 3% improvement in ppFEV1 and then TRIKAFTA and ALYFTREK on the other side with about a 14% improvement in ppFEV1. And because of the mRNA, VX-522 is an inhaled therapeutic. We're not expecting any movement on sweat chloride. So this would be a readout on ppFEV1. And any number between 3% and 14% would be just fine. And of course, if it's more than that, that would be acceptable as well. But based on the approved medicines, I think you could look at a range from 3% to 14% as what would be important. If you translate the 3%, let's say that's what ORKAMBI have, into long-term outcomes, remember that the 3% in acute improvement in ppFEV1 translated to a 50-plus percent improvement or reduction in pulmonary exacerbations.
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you so much for taking my question. Congrats on a strong '24 and a great start to 2025. Also, Stuart, congrats on your retirement. It's been an honor to watch you really transform this company. So I want to touch on JOURNAVX. Talk to me a little bit about how your early discussions with payers have been progressing? How many covered lives do you expect to have access to therapy when it is in the retail channel? And how is that going to change over the course of the year? Thank you so much.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hey, Evan, again, thanks for the kind words. Appreciate it. And let me just reassure everybody I'm going to be here until July 1 and 100% focused on driving the JOURNAVX launch and CASGEVY and ALYFTREK as well. In terms of our pay discussions, we were having pay discussions prior to the approval and obviously we've continued to have them post-approval, Evan. They've gone really well. I think it's no surprise everybody is acutely aware of the unmet need to have better treatment options than opioids and everybody is excited about the fact that this is the first non-opioid for decades. I am expecting that we will get broad access over time, and I expect it to grow over time. We're not giving specific expectations or guidance on exactly how many covered lives we expect at what point through the year. But obviously, we are expecting it to grow throughout the year as more payers choose to put JOURNAVX on their formulary.
Operator: The next question will come from Jessica Fye with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Hey guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Thinking about the 2025 top line guidance, seems like that's largely driven by CF. I was wondering if you could talk about how we should think about the U.S. versus ex-U.S. contribution to that growth rate in the CF business and kind of what's driving those respective growth rates in the U.S. and outside the U.S.? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Charlie?
Charlie Wagner: Yes, Jess, thanks for the question. Our guidance range of $11.75 billion to $12 billion, as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, represents 8% at the midpoint. We did call out in the prepared remarks sort of the differential between the U.S. and ex-U.S. If you think about what's going on, like think about 2024, obviously, we continue to see very strong growth in the CF business around the world. We expect that to continue into 2025. The U.S. has the benefit of the ALYFTREK launch as well as the JOURNAVX launch in addition to ramping CASGEVY and the ongoing growth in CF. If you think about international, we'll see strong growth in CF. In most markets, we did call out that there is one country where IP is not being respected. That has an impact on the ex-U.S. growth rate that will be most pronounced and visible in the first quarter. So we thought we would call that out for you. And then obviously, the CASGEVY launch continues to ramp ex-U.S. as well So with those dynamics, there is a little bit of a difference between the U.S. and ex-U.S. in 2025. But overall, a very healthy growth rate on the top line for us.
Jessica Fye: Right. Can I just throw on a follow-up? I think you also mentioned that 4Q revenue benefited from some non-recurring items. Possible to quantify that at all?
Charlie Wagner: Yes. I'm not going to get into that. I'll just qualitatively, I'll tell you, the fourth quarter was very strong. Growth in the U.S. was driven by strong volume in CF, as well as the benefit from the price increase that we took earlier in the year. In addition, we saw a very favorable gross to net dynamic in the U.S. Gross to net fluctuates honestly from quarter-to-quarter. Typically, it's a little more negative in the first quarter, but we did see a meaningful benefit in the fourth quarter. Outside the U.S., again, strong volume growth in CF. We did also have the benefit of some one-time items, things like [VAT] (ph) rebates and some other settlements that we worked out in different markets. Those don't reoccur necessarily every quarter.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham with Citibank. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Great. Afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the question. Also want to offer congrats to Stuart as well as Charlie and Duncan just on all the announcements today. So just on JOURNAVX and LSR, I know you guys have taken a deep dive into the Phase 2 and maybe you've gotten some KOL feedback. Are there any more considerations you're thinking about for Phase 3 design? I know you're still awaiting regulatory feedback, but want to get your perspective on that? And then second question is on ALYFTREK. Wanted to get maybe any early anecdotes from you guys on new patients coming into care, either just qualitative or quantitative feedback on those that are perhaps not on TRIKAFTA or unmet need populations? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, thanks. Geoff, I'll take the LSR question and then I'll ask Stuart to comment on ALYFTREK. So you actually have it exactly right. The big thing that we're waiting for is our end of Phase 2 meeting with the regulators. Where we are with our analysis is our teams are very deep into their analysis of everything we can possibly glean from the Phase 2. We are out talking to not only key opinion leaders, but PIs and those who are very involved in doing LSR studies. And we are preparing ourselves for our regulatory meetings. I'll have more to share with you this summer, but I don't have an update. I'd rather collect all of this and present it to you all at once in the summer after we've gone through our regulatory interactions. And obviously, the really big thing that we are looking to understand is what the FDA would like to see, what are the packages, what they -- we need to include in the package for this broad PNP indication that we seek. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. On, ALYFTREK, Geoff, we've seen strong interest from patients, who are either kind of naive, have never been on a CFTR modulator. And in particular, those who are now eligible for a CFTR modulator, now ALYFTREK is approved, which as you know has additional mutations over and above even TRIKAFTA. So we've seen strong interest there as you might expect. But we've also seen interest in transition patients, either those who are on something like TRIKAFTA, but also those who previously discontinued. So we've seen interest across all three of the populations that we were expecting. And I'm pleased to say that the first patients have already received their first prescriptions and already received their first packs of ALYFTREK, which is great to see.
Geoff Meacham: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Thanks for the question. Stuart, hopefully, you're not making me nervous going into the acute pain launch. But thinking about reimbursement, which is I know something you're working on with JOURNAVX, can you just comment about your thoughts around the public payer coverage as it relates to Medicare, Medicaid and the understanding that presumably the administrations know that, that's an important thing in the non -- in the opioid crisis, as well as the commercial side where you would think that bad headline coverage of not paying for that is probably not a good thing? And so given those two things, are you fairly confident that reimbursement is something that should not be an issue on the launch of JOURNAVX? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Well, hey, Mike, let me first address your first comment. I have never been more excited to be at Vertex. I've never been more confident about the future of this company. It is firing on all cylinders, both scientifically and commercially. And so I wouldn't want you to have any doubts about my confidence in either the launch of JOURNAVX or the launch of any other things that we have ongoing right now. It is a purely personal decision that the time is right for me to move on to the next chapter of my life. In terms of payer coverage, I am expecting us to get broad coverage for JOURNAVX over time across all segments. For the reasons that you described, Mike, to be perfectly honest with you, everybody is aware of the enormous unmet need. Everybody has been waiting for a truly effective non-opioid, pain reliever that did not have the adverse events, including addictive potential of opioids. And so I'm expecting us to get broad access over time. In addition to individual discussions we've been having, I think we've talked a number of times about the many both federal and state policy moves, which are already in flight to create, if I can put it this way, a sort of tailwind to the availability of JOURNAVX. So I'm incredibly excited. We're obviously only seven days, seven business days into the launch, but the feedback has been absolutely tremendous. And I'm sure JOURNAVX is going to be a huge success.
Michael Yee: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from William Pickering with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
William Pickering: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. Congrats on all the progress. And Stuart, congrats on your retirement. I had a question about the DPN Phase 3. What placebo effect did you assume in designing that study? And how does that compare to the 2 points placebo effect we saw in LSR. Is 1.5 points placebo effect to reason ballpark? And what delta versus placebo would be clinically meaningful for suzetrigine? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Well, first, I did read your note from earlier in the week, and I appreciate that you were doing primary research while going through your own surgical procedure. On DPN Phase 3, I won't share the specifics with you, Will. But what I will tell you is that, in the DPN area, there are many Phase 2 studies and many Phase 3 studies and there are several medicines that have been approved. And we have taken full advantage of that rich dataset to appropriately size our Phase 3 trial. And you will note that the Phase 3 trial has not only a placebo group, but also has a gabapentin group in addition to the JOURNAVX group. And we've taken all that into account as we think about the outcomes there. So while I won't share with you the specifics, please note that we have taken full advantage of all that's available out there. The general ranges that you have suggested are indeed what the literature tells you and the study that we've designed, including the sample size, well takes care of that level of placebo effect.
William Pickering: Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, you bet.
Operator: The next question will come from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And I'll just get in line and offer my congratulations to both -- to everybody involved actually. It's a great transition and have fun. We'll be living vicariously through you. So I wanted to ask about the pain program. Just a couple of questions. Can you maybe describe sort of any, like stocking? It seems like you are trying to get product available in the different channels. So just wanted some commentary there? And also, how are you thinking about who is the right patient? We did a pain call earlier this week and a big topic was onset of action and kind of like where it falls in line in the ambulatory care setting if the onset of action is a little bit longer. So where are you thinking of how it is positioned in terms of first, second or third line? And what is the right patient for this suzetrigine? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Liisa, I'm going to turn it over to Stuart to give you some color, but I just want to say upfront, our goal here is for JOURNAVX to be the first-line prescribed pain medicine for moderate to acute -- to severe acute pain. Stuart?
Liisa Bayko: Okay.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Liisa, just to address your first question on stocking, yes, we are looking to get the product broadly stocked in retail across the country in addition to in hospitals -- in hospital pharmacies as well. So yes, we are striving to do that and I feel very confident that, that will happen. And as I said, our product will be with the wholesalers by the end of this month and then in the channel shortly thereafter. As Reshma said, the great thing about JOURNAVX is we got a broad label for the treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain. And we've heard people from across the spectrum of different physicians talking about how they think they're going to be using it in many, many different populations. I do think some of the early ones might be procedures where after a procedure somebody feels like they often need to prescribe a product for a week or two weeks afterwards, and in those situations, that's where they are most concerned about prescribing opioids in the discharge setting there. So I think that will certainly be an area where there will be patients treated relatively early on. But as Reshma said, our goal and I think how people are seeing JOURNAVX is that it is for the treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain regardless of etiology. And so I expect it's going to be used broadly across the spectrum.
Reshma Kewalramani: Liisa, we have just one more comment from Charlie on your question.
Charlie Wagner: Yes, Liisa, what I would add to Stuart's comment, we'll absolutely see stocking in the first-half of the year, which is why we commented that you'll see volumes increasing ahead of revenues. The reason for that is the impact of our patient assistance programs while we work to secure broad access. And so while there will be stocking in the channel in the first half of the year, the revenue contribution will really be more loaded to the second half of the year.
Liisa Bayko: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking our question. Stuart, Charlie and Duncan McKechnie, our congratulations on today's announcements and your transitions. In terms of our questions, a couple on JOURNAVX and one on ALYFTREK. On JOURNAVX, can you give us some sense of will the prescription data that we see from third-party sources be accurate? And what are Vertex's own expectations for the average duration of a script? And on ALYFTREK, there is a dispute going on between you and Royalty Pharma as to exactly what Royalty is owed. Can you give us some sense of the milestones in that dispute? When could we hear something? And what are the procedures to getting that resolved? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: So let me take your second question first, and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk about JOURNAVX. On ALYFTREK, this is really not a matter of opinion. We have a contractual agreement with the CF Foundation and the contract very clearly spells out what our responsibilities are. And so I don't see any room for interpretation or opinion on that. Stuart, on JOURNAVX, a few questions on that.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, JOURNAVX. On length of therapy, Phil, so the first thing I would say is that the label is for moderate-to-severe acute pain. It does not have a time limitation or a days of therapy limitation contained within the label, although acute pain is considered to be pain lasting for less than 90-days. In terms of -- in the -- obviously in the inpatient setting, it's very short length of therapy there. In the discharge or outpatient setting, for non-steroidals, you see lengths of therapy at around about 14-days. For opioids, it's markedly less, somewhere in the seven to eight-day range for all the reasons that we probably expect. I would expect JOURNAVX is going to be more like the non-steroidals because it doesn't have the sort of baggage that the opioids have, which is what leads people to want to give out as little days of therapy as they possibly can.
Phil Nadeau: And so there was a quick question in there about will the prescription data be accurate, maybe split them out into the retail and what happens in the inpatient?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So it depends a little bit on what prescription data you buy, Phil. So it's a little bit hard to comment on exactly what -- how good it will be. But prescription data overall in the retail setting is very robust in the hospital setting. It's more volume-related data that's available. We will be providing, as Charlie said in his prepared remarks, information on prescriptions is a mark -- one of the markers of our success in ongoing calls for 2025. We'll also be providing updates on the number of covered lives as well as two of the most important markers of our early launch success.
Phil Nadeau: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Eliana Merle with UBS. Please go ahead.
Eliana Merle: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. You mentioned with ALYFTREK, you've seen starts from all the different patient segments. Can you give any color on the new starts that are coming from the patients who had previously been on a CFTR modulator, but no longer were and what their rationale had been for discontinuing other CFTR modulators, but coming back to ALYFTREK? And basically, taking a step back, I guess, what drives your confidence that you can recapture this segment of 6,000 patients globally? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So I mean, the first thing that drives our confidence that we have a good shot at getting those patients back is the clinical profile of ALYFTREK itself. Obviously, it has terrific efficacy and it's once a day as well. So it really is the profile and the fact that we know that all CF patients want to be on the best CFTR modulator. They certainly want to be on a CFTR modulator if they can. And these patients unfortunately have not been able to stay on a CFTR modulator for a whole range of reasons. So that's what gives us the confidence that a lot of those people are going to come back and be initiated on ALYFTREK. I can't give you any granularity on the patients to date. It's a relatively small number of patients in the grand scheme of things, and I don't have the granularity to know exactly what those individual patients were thinking when they came back onto ALYFTREK or even why they discontinued at this stage.
Eliana Merle: Yes, thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Tazeen Ahmad with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. One on CF. So for this year, just to clarify, are you expecting to see cannibalization of ALYFTREK from ALYFTREK? And if so, how should we be thinking about that rate of switching? And then from your pipeline, I just wanted to get a sense of expectations for the type 1 diabetes data that you're set to show and how we should be thinking about the opportunity there? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: All right. Let me turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So on ALYFTREK, yes, we are expecting patients to transition from TRIKAFTA and even patients who may be on one of our older CFTR modulators to ALYFTREK given the benefit-risk profile it has and the benefit it has of being once a day. We haven't set expectations or given any guidance on what we think the rate of switching will be.
Reshma Kewalramani: On the T1D question, maybe the best way to summarize it is this. The lead program is the VX-880 program. Let's call it the naked cell program. That's now in the Phase 3 portion of the development. That's the trial that we talked about is going to have its enrollment complete this year and we'll be in a position to file when that group of patients has one-year of follow-up being insulin free. We are estimating that opportunity is maybe something like 60,000 people or so. And the reason we say that is because it's maybe 45,000 people or so who are brittle diabetics, very high highs in terms of their sugars and low lows and maybe 15,000, something like that patients who have already been transplanted with a kidney transplant because of their type 1 diabetes and are therefore already on immunosuppressive. And then the next program, which is in Phase 1/2, that's the same cells encapsulated with the device, no immunosuppression required there. And of course, with that program, we aim to get to all of the type 1 diabetic patients. And then we have programs in research that aim to make the same VX-880 cells hypoimmune with certain gene edits and we're also working on alternative Immunosuppression. All of those latter programs, our goal would be to get them to all patients.
Susie Lisa: We'll take two more questions, please.
Operator: Yes, ma'am. The next question will come from Dave Risinger with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Dave Risinger: Yes, thanks very much. So I wanted to add my congrats to Stuart, Charlie and Duncan as well. And I have two questions. So first, with respect to the plans to secure broad formulary access, I'm hoping that you can discuss that in a little bit more detail. So if a drug is on formulary, but there are hassles for the physicians, it just won't be prescribed at all. Surgeons don't have time to go through step edits and other challenges. So do you expect to be able to pay the rebates that are necessary to get broad unfettered access to suzetrigine? And then second, with respect to the country that is violating Vertex's IP, what are the company's plans to take action to prevent other countries from doing the same as that single country? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, David, let me ask Stuart to go first, and then Charlie will comment.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Dave. So you're right, getting broad access if you have significant utilization management controls is really not getting broad access if you're putting lots of hurdles in the way of prescribers to actually use your medicine. 100% agree with you. And so our goal is not just broad access, but it's broad access in both commercial and government channels, but with minimal utilization management controls, and that's certainly been the nature of the discussions that we've been having with them pre-approval and since the approval, because I absolutely agree with you, broad access on its own is insufficient. And so that is a key part of what we are talking to payers, as I say, in both the government and indeed the commercial area. And it's actually what you see in some of the policy initiatives that's been introduced as well. So for instance, the alternatives to PAIN Act, which was actually reintroduced to Congress just last week, one of the things that it includes is there in for Medicare Part D patients is two things, one, no utilization management controls and also no equal co-pays for a branded, non-opioid with generic opioids to the point that you are making.
Reshma Kewalramani: Charlie, a quick word?
Charlie Wagner: Yes, Dave. We have an incredibly strong and robust IP portfolio around CF, and you know that it goes out to the late 2030s. We've been very successful in defending and enforcing our IP in every market. The one country in question is Russia, where they have made a decision to disregard the IP and allow an unauthorized copy. We are taking every measure possible to enforce our rights, but that is a sort of, let's say, a unique market. For that reason, I feel that this issue is very isolated.
David Risinger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Olivia Brayer: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for the question. Do you know yet whether there will be quantity limits or any other utilization management parameters put in place for JOURNAVX? Maybe just any feedback you're getting so far from those payer conversations? And do you have a sense yet around how long it will take before P&T committees actually officially recommend formulary coverage? Or maybe just ask another way, what would you consider to be an expedited process? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Olivia, I'll kind of repeat a little bit of what I said in my answer to Dave just a second ago. We certainly are very aware of the fact that utilization management controls can get in the way of physicians wanting to prescribe and patients getting access to a new medicine. And certainly our discussions with payers, as I said, on the government and on the commercial side have involved discussions about minimizing those utilization management controls and certainly not considering things like step edits through generic opioids, which I think would be medically and ethically inappropriate. So that is a discussion that we've been having prior to launch and we are continuing to have. In terms of the P&T formulary committees, particularly in the institutional setting, again, one of the things that we were doing in the run-up to the approval in a compliant way was making sure we understood those processes. We were providing the institutions with everything that we could compliantly prior to the approval to allow them to think about how quickly they wanted to review JOURNAVX when it was approved. We've obviously reengaged with those institutions post-approval. I do believe a number of them will accelerate their processes faster than they typically do. They can certainly take up to 12 to 18 months in some cases for some new products, and we are looking to significantly accelerate that everywhere that we can.
Susie Lisa: So that will do it. If you could wrap us up please?
Operator: Yes, ma'am. This will conclude our question-and-answer session as well as our conference call for today. Thank you for attending today's presentation. A replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1-877-344-7529 or 1-412-317-0088 using replay access code 10187033. Thank you for your participation today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead, maam.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, everyone. My name is Susie Lisa, and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our third quarter 2024 financial results conference call. On tonights call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertexs CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in todays press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding Vertexs marketed medicines for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, our pipeline, including the potential near-term launches of the vanzacaftor triple in CF and suzetrigine in moderate to severe acute pain, and Vertexs future financial performance, are based on managements current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening, all, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Third quarter performance extended our strong momentum for the year, with continued outstanding commercial execution in both CF and the early launch of CASGEVY, as well as launch preparedness for two potential near-term approvals in early 2025. We also continued to rapidly progress programs in our clinical pipeline and achieved a significant milestone with three new programs advancing into Phase 3 clinical trials in just the last quarter. In CF, we are reaching more patients and delivered $2.77 billion in revenue, representing 12% growth this quarter versus Q3 2023. Based on the strong growth year-to-date and our Q4 outlook, we are increasing our full year product revenue guidance to $10.8 billion to $10.9 billion, while maintaining our previous operating expense guidance. With CASGEVY, the early launch is going very well. The enthusiasm from patients and physicians remains high, and we are pleased with the ATC and patient cell collection metrics. I am particularly pleased to share that in Q3, the first patient received commercial CASGEVY, resulting in the first revenue recognition for this medicine. With respect to the overall pipeline, we remain on track to deliver our January 2023 5-in-5 ambition with five new product launches over five years as we advance into this new era of revenue diversification. Specifically, in addition to the CASGEVY launches in sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, we are preparing for potential third and fourth product launches in early 2025, the vanzacaftor triple in CF globally and suzetrigine in moderate to severe acute pain in the U.S. Beyond that, the programs in Phase 3 development inaxaplin and APOL1-mediated kidney disease, suzetrigine in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, povetacicept in IgA nephropathy and VX-880 in type 1 diabetes are all progressing nicely. And were also making strong progress in our mid-stage clinical pipeline with potentially transformative medicines VX-993 in acute and peripheral neuropathic pain, VX-670 in myotonic dystrophy type 1 or DM1, and povetacicept in indications beyond IgA nephropathy. Tonight, Ill focus my R&D comments on CF and four additional programs that have made notable advancements this quarter. First, in CF, our four marketed medicines are treating the underlying cause of disease in more than 68,000 patients around the world. This includes children as young as one month with KALYDECO, as young as one year with ORKAMBI, and as young as two years with TRIKAFTA. We are poised for the potential approval of the vanzacaftor triple, our fifth medicine for people with cystic fibrosis six years of age and older. We have a PDUFA date of January 2nd in the U.S., and we have also completed submissions in the EU, the U.K., Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Switzerland. Reviews in these jurisdictions are underway. We have also already initiated the clinical trial in children with CF ages two to five. Finally, in CF, VX-522, our CFTR mRNA therapy, in development with our partners at Moderna, has completed the single ascending dose portion of the Phase 1/2 study and continues in the multiple ascending dose or MAD portion. This therapy seeks to provide treatment for the more than 5,000 people with CF who do not make any CFTR protein and we expect to share both safety and efficacy results from the MAD in the first half of 2025. Next, in type 1 diabetes, VX-880 is the stem cell-derived, fully differentiated islet cell investigational therapy for people with type 1 diabetes and impaired hypoglycemic awareness who experience severe hypoglycemic events or SHEs, despite optimal medical care. I am very pleased to share that we have completed our End-of-Phase 2 meetings with FDA, EMA and MHRA, and following the successful regulatory interactions, we have reached agreement with regulators to advance the current Phase 1/2 VX-880 study to pivotal development and convert the trial into a Phase 1/2/3 study. This trial will include a total of 50 patients with difficult-to-control diabetes and severe hypoglycemic events despite optimal medical management. In this Phase 1/2/3 study, the primary endpoint is the proportion of patients achieving insulin independence with the absence of severe hypoglycemic events. We are excited to be in pivotal development for this groundbreaking, potentially curative therapy for patients suffering from the most severe form of type 1 diabetes. It is particularly noteworthy that the first-ever pivotal trial of an allogeneic, regenerative cell therapy for type 1 diabetes is beginning less than a year after we received the first-ever approval for CRISPR/Cas9 gene-edited cell therapy with CASGEVY. We are proud of the progress represented by these advancements in the cell and gene therapy space. To close out on the VX-880 program, Ill provide a quick recap on the data presented at EASD this September. These remarkable data formed the basis of our recent regulatory discussions and included more patients with longer duration of follow-up compared to the ADA presentation. These data showed four patients had 12 months of follow-up and all four achieved the primary and secondary endpoints. Specifically, they had elimination of severe hypoglycemic events, achieved insulin independence and achieved the ADA-recommended hemoglobin A1c levels of less than 7%. Also at EASD, we shared that an additional five patients were off exogenous insulin as they progressed toward the 12-month primary endpoint evaluation. Safety and tolerability with this latest data cut were consistent with the June ADA presentation. Beyond VX-880, our cells + device or VX-264 program, encapsulates the same VX-880 cells in a proprietary device designed to eliminate the need for immunosuppressants. We are currently enrolling and dosing patients in Part B, which is at the full target dose with a stagger between patients. The next stage, Part C of the trial, is at the full target dose without a stagger. We expect to share data from Parts A and B of the VX-264 study in 2025. Moving now to the povetacicept program. Pove is a dual antagonist of the BAFF and APRIL cytokines, which play key roles in the pathogenesis of B-cell-mediated autoimmune diseases. This dual inhibition mechanism of action, the preclinical and clinical data to-date, plus poves once-monthly dosing frequency with small-volume subcutaneous route of administration, give us high confidence in the promise of povetacicept as a transformative medicine for patients with IgA nephropathy and potentially additional B-cell-mediated diseases. Pove recently hit multiple milestones. First, Im very pleased to share that we began the global Phase 3 RAINIER study of pove in patients with IgA nephropathy. The study is a randomized double-blind trial of pove 80 milligrams versus placebo on top of standard-of-care. The trial is underway with screening, enrollment and dosing ongoing across multiple clinical sites globally. Importantly, the trial is designed with a preplanned interim analysis to evaluate proteinuria when a certain number of patients reach the 36-week time point. This preplanned interim analysis could support a potential accelerated approval in the U.S. For full approval, the study will continue through week 104 and assess GFR. Second, the recently initiated RAINIER Phase 3 study was supported by positive data that we shared at the recent American Society of Nephrology meeting. In IgA nephropathy, updated Phase 2 data on patients with IgA nephropathy who received 80 milligrams of povetacicept continue to demonstrate poves best-in-class potential with a mean 66% reduction from baseline in UPCR at 48 weeks with stable renal function. These results were accompanied by a 63% achievement or five out of the eight study participants of clinical remission defined as UPCR of less than 0.5 grams per gram, negative hematuria and stable renal function. We are very excited about these results and the potential they represent for IgAN patients globally, including the approximately 130,000 patients diagnosed in the U.S. Third, at ASN, we shared emerging pove data from another renal B-cell-mediated disease, primary membranous nephropathy, a disease that affects 60,000 patients in the U.S. with no approved targeted therapies. These data are from three patients who received pove at 80-milligram subcutaneously every four weeks. On proteinuria, at 24 weeks, treatment with pove resulted in a mean 62% reduction from baseline in UPCR, and two of the three patients achieved partial clinical remission defined as UPCR of less than 3.5 grams per gram and greater than 50% reduction in UPCR from baseline. In addition, anti-PLA2R antibodies, a biomarker of disease activity, declined by a mean of 87% at week 20 in these patients. Across the renal studies, pove was well tolerated and most adverse events were mild or moderate. We look forward to updating you as the pove programs progress. Shifting gears now from pove to the pain portfolio and starting with acute pain. The FDA review of suzetrigine in moderate to severe acute pain is well underway, with a PDUFA date of January 30, 2025. The Phase 3 data from the two RCTs and the single arm safety and effectiveness trial that formed the basis of the acute pain regulatory submission were presented for the first time at the recent American Society of Anesthesiology annual meeting. There was very strong physician interest and positive feedback to the presentation of this data set and we now look forward to the completion of the regulatory review, potential approval and launch of suzetrigine. Stuart will provide more detail on the acute pain launch readiness. As suzetrigine progresses through its regulatory review, additional assets in the pain portfolio are also advancing through clinical development. Our next-generation NaV1.8 inhibitor VX-993 is being studied in two acute pain studies, a Phase 2 study post-bunionectomy with the oral formulation and a Phase 1 study with the IV formulation. We also continue to make strong preclinical progress with our NaV1.7 pain signal inhibitor program that may be used alone or in combination with NaV1.8 inhibitors. In peripheral neuropathic pain or PNP, in diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain, which is one type of PNP for which an estimated 2 million Americans seek a prescription pain medicine annually, I am very pleased to share two updates. First, we have initiated the Phase 3 pivotal program for suzetrigine. Second, we have also initiated a Phase 2 study with the oral formulation of VX-993. And in lumbosacral radiculopathy or LSR, another type of PNP that impacts more than 4 million Americans each year and for which there are no specifically approved medicines in the U.S., we have completed the Phase 2 trial. We remain on track to share Phase 2 results from this study by the end of this year. As a reminder, this is a 12-week trial of about 200 patients randomized to either suzetrigine 69 milligram or placebo. The primary endpoint is the within-group change in the NPRS score from baseline to the end of the 12-week study. The design allows for an efficient evaluation of the magnitude of the treatment effect for suzetrigine, as well as the placebo group so that we may appropriately size a potential Phase 3 trial if the Phase 2 data support advancement. To wrap up the discussion on the pipeline today, a brief update on the myotonic dystrophy type 1 or DM1 program. DM1 is the most prevalent type of muscular dystrophy impacting 110,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe and for which there are no approved therapies. Our Phase 1/2 clinical study of VX-670 initiated late last year, and I am pleased to share that the program has accelerated. The SAD portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial has completed dosing and we have initiated the MAD portion of the study. In the MAD, we will be collecting both safety and efficacy data. The primary endpoint is safety and the secondary endpoint is the change from baseline in the splicing index on muscle biopsy. We are excited about the progress and potential for VX-670 and look forward to providing updates on this program as it advances. With that review of the R&D highlights, Ill now turn it over to Stuart for a commercial update.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. Ill begin by discussing CF and then provide some highlights of the ongoing CASGEVY launch and the outlook for suzetrigine in acute pain. Once again, we delivered strong results in CF as we further grew the number of eligible patients taking our CFTR modulators in both the U.S. and outside the U.S. We have made rapid regulatory and reimbursement progress with our CF therapies. Notably, KAFTRIO now has regulatory approval and reimbursed access in every single country in the EU. We expect sustained revenue growth in CF over the short-, medium- and long-term. In the near-term, we remain focused on reaching more eligible patients around the globe with our currently approved medicines. We anticipate the launch of our vanzacaftor triple combination therapy will drive further growth in CF. We expect this new treatment option, if approved, will be of interest both to those patients on a CFTR modulator and the more than 6,000 patients who have discontinued one of our current CFTR modulators. And longer term, the potential successful development of VX-522 for the more than 5,000 people with CF who do not respond to CFTR modulators would drive additional growth in CF. Now turning to CASGEVY, our transformative one-time therapy for patients with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. CASGEVY has been enthusiastically received by patients, physicians and policymakers, and the launch is gathering momentum across all regions. Two important markers of our launch progress are ATC activations and patient cell collections. On ATC activation, we now have 45 authorized treatment centers, up from just over 35 in Q2, and are well on our way to our goal to activate approximately 75 total ATCs globally. On patient cell collections, approximately 40 patients have already had at least one cell collection, up from approximately 20 as noted on our Q2 call. Weve also now had the first commercial patients receive their infusions of CASGEVY. On the payer landscape, we continue to work to secure access for patients. Coverage has not been a significant obstacle to patient access for this life-changing therapy in the U.S. And we were very pleased that in the U.K., a positive coverage agreement for TDT was reached in September with NHS England, less than six months after regulatory approval. Furthermore, we have now also entered into commercial discussions with the NHS to secure access for sickle cell disease patients. We also continue to make exciting progress on the regulatory front, with approvals in the quarter for both sickle cell disease and TDT in Switzerland and Canada. And in the Middle East, we anticipate CASGEVY regulatory submissions in Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates by the end of this year. Given our confidence in the growing patient demand we are seeing for CASGEVY, we are investing in additional manufacturing capacity. And in September, we were pleased to attain approval for a third manufacturing facility for CASGEVY with our partner Lonza. We are focused on a strong finish to the year for CASGEVY. We continue to see high interest levels and recognition of the value of CASGEVY among patients, physicians, governments and other stakeholders. And we remain confident in our view that CASGEVY represents a multi-billion-dollar opportunity as it helps more and more patients around the world. We have built a strong foundation for this transformational therapy and we look forward to the momentum it will carry into 2025. Shifting now to suzetrigine in acute pain, as we are approximately three months from our U.S. PDUFA date and potential launch. Our field teams are fully hired and trained and we are launch ready. Suzetrigine has the potential to provide a transformative treatment option for the 80 million people who seek a prescription therapy for moderate to severe acute pain each year in the U.S. And in doing so, we believe we will have the opportunity to build another multi-billion-dollar franchise for Vertex. Despite existing therapies, patients and providers across the U.S. recognize the high end met need for effective and well tolerated pain management options. This was underscored by a recent nationwide survey we commissioned. The state of pain survey included responses from more than 500 providers and 1,000 patients, and highlighted the significant challenges with current moderate-to-severe acute pain treatment. Among many notable survey findings, Id note that in contrast to the view held by some that opioid use disorder is only a risk of long-term opioid use for chronic conditions, 78% of the healthcare providers surveyed expressed concerns over the side effects of opioids and potential for developing addiction when treating patients for acute pain. Additionally, nearly 90% of providers reported that the risk of side effects of existing therapies limits their ability to treat acute pain adequately. And two-thirds of patients indicated they would request a non-opioid option if they experience acute pain again. These survey findings were similar to sentiments relayed in our conversations with anesthesiologists and pain specialists at the recent ASA Annual Meeting, where our Phase 3 results were well received, confirming our belief that physicians are eager for a new therapeutic option to fill the gap between NSAIDs and opioids. The views expressed in the state of pain survey and at ASA are not surprising, given the tragic statistics surrounding opioid use. For instance, approximately 10% of acute pain patients treated initially with an opioid will go on to have prolonged opioid use and 85,000 will develop opioid use disorder within the first year. Overall, the costs of the opioid crisis remain stubbornly high, at $180 billion per year. $60 billion of this spend is on healthcare costs, including an estimated $10 billion to $20 billion for the healthcare costs of opioid use disorder that are attributable to opioids initially prescribed for acute pain. We are hearing these same survey sentiments directly in our pre-approval information exchange conversations with payers, as well as targeted IDN and hospital formulary decision makers. These conversations are going well, and we are working to accelerate both formulary and payer coverage decisions by engaging early to quantify the unmet need and highlight suzetrigines benefit-risk profile. Ultimately, our goal is to fundamentally change the way pain is treated. Our key commercial focus for suzetrigine in 2025 is securing broad access and investing to ensure a seamless experience for patients and physicians. Therefore, we have made the strategic decision to invest in initiatives that enable smooth, rapid access for patients prescribed suzetrigine. This is critical given the time-bound nature of treating acute pain. One key initiative is our work to secure national retail distribution. Another initiative is the creation of financial and co-pay assistance programs for patients that will support patient access, given expected strong demand from physicians and patients ahead of the typical payer coverage timelines. This will enable patients who are prescribed suzetrigine to receive the medicine that they and their physician think is right for them. Together, these elements of the launch plan will enable us to build a strong base of prescribers that will benefit the acute pain program for the long-term. Our goal is to maximize the long-term value of the significant innovations in our pain pipeline, including suzetrigine in peripheral neuropathic pain, IV and oral formulations, VX-993, NaV1.7s, and potential combination therapies. We look forward to beginning to deliver on this transformational vision, starting with patients with moderate-to-severe acute pain post the potential approval of suzetrigine in early 2025. Finally, we continue to see momentum on the policy front. The No Pain Act, which goes into effect on the 1st of January 2025, includes an add-on payment for novel oral non-opioids when used in the hospital outpatient and ambulatory surgery center settings. Furthermore, the proposed Alternatives to Pain Act is now co-sponsored by 64 members of Congress from both parties, given its logical appeal to equalize branded and generic co-pays, as well as prohibit requirements to step through opioids before a branded non-opioid can be used for Medicare Part D patients. Additionally, all 50 states have guidelines limiting opioid use, and approximately one-third of all states require or encourage prescribers to consider non-opioid alternatives. Furthermore, there is good momentum, over one-third of states are considering legislation to ensure that patients have equal access to non-opioid options in Medicaid and/or state-regulated plans. To conclude, there has never been a more exciting time to be at Vertex. We continue to drive sustained growth in CF, with the anticipated launch of the vanzacaftor triple early next year. And we are in a new and exciting era of commercial diversification with the ongoing launch of CASGEVY in the U.S., Europe and the Middle East. We are executing our launch preparations for suzetrigine in acute pain, while looking forward to multiple programs in Phase 3 development, and even more in the early- and mid-stage pipeline. Ill now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertexs excellent Q3 results demonstrate once again our consistent, strong performance and attractive growth profile. Q3 2024 revenue grew 12% year-over-year to $2.77 billion, with strong growth of 10% in the U.S. and 14% outside the U.S. Year-to-date revenue of $8.1 billion represents 10% growth over the comparable nine-month period in 2023, including 9% growth in the U.S. and 13% growth outside the U.S. Reported third quarter revenue included $2 million from the first patient dosed with CASGEVY. On the expense front, Q3 2024 combined non-GAAP R&D acquired IPR&D, and SG&A expenses were $1.08 billion, compared to $993 million in the third quarter of 2023. Q3 2024 operating expenses include $15 million in AIPR&D charges, compared to $52 million in Q3 2023. Q3 2024 non-GAAP R&D expenses of $764 million increased 5% year-over-year, reflecting ongoing investment in the advancement of our broad R&D portfolio, including multiple clinical trials and the absorption of Alpine Immune Sciences expenses, partially offset by the transition of certain costs from R&D to COGS and inventory following Phase 3 clinical successes. Within R&D specifically, the Q3 sequential step-up in non-GAAP R&D expenses reflects the advancement of multiple studies, including suzetrigine, pove and inaxaplin in Phase 3 programs, VX-993 in Phase 2 acute and peripheral neuropathic pain studies, and our ongoing work in T1D. Q3 2024 non-GAAP SG&A expenses of $300 million increased 39% versus prior year, primarily as a result of investments in the commercial organization, including launch activities for CASGEVY and onboarding of the full field force for suzetrigine in acute pain. We reported third quarter 2024 non-GAAP operating income of $1.31 billion, compared to $1.17 billion in Q3 2023. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.8%, in line with the 19.4% reported in Q3 2023. We ended the quarter with $11.2 billion in cash and investments. We deployed over $300 million of cash in the third quarter to repurchase 640,000 shares and year-to-date we have deployed over $750 million to repurchase over 1.7 million shares. Now switching to guidance, we are raising our 2024 total product revenue guidance. With one quarter remaining in the year, we have strong line of sight to a revenue range of $10.8 billion to $10.9 billion, representing 10% revenue growth at the midpoint at current exchange rates. For Vertex operating expenses, our non-GAAP guidance continues to be a range of $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion in combined R&D and SG&A expenses, which is unchanged from the guidance provided on our last earnings call. For acquired IPR&D, we continue to expect approximately $4.6 billion for the year, including the Alpine asset acquisition charge recorded in the second quarter. Given that the Q2 2024 Alpine AIPR&D charge was not deductible for tax purposes, we expect a non-GAAP full year 2024 tax rate of approximately 90%. Aside from the impact of the non-deductible Alpine AIPR&D charge, our underlying full year 2024 non-GAAP effective tax rate would have remained in the range of 20% to 21%. As a result, the fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate is also expected to be 20% to 21%. In closing, Vertex posted excellent results yet again as we delivered double-digit revenue growth, advanced our CASGEVY launch, prepared for important anticipated regulatory approvals in early 2025, progressed our pipeline to be in four Phase 3 studies and continued to develop our mid and earlier stage pipeline. These and other anticipated milestones of continued progress in multiple disease areas are detailed on Slide 19. We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls and Ill now ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Jessica Fye with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Hey, guys. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the povetacicept data at ASN. I believe youre targeting an at-home monthly dosing profile for that product, but we noticed the Phase 3 RAINIER trial involves post-dose monitoring. Can you talk about the work you would need to do in order to get this approved for at-home delivery? Do you need to run, like, a human factors trial, some bridging study? And could all of that be accomplished maybe during an open-label extension portion of the trial so that the product could launch with at-home dosing? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, Jess. Let me take that question. This is Reshma. Thanks very much for the kind words. Yeah. We were very excited about the results that we showed at ASN, not only on proteinuria but the emerging GFR results, as well as the results on hematuria, and then, of course, the results in a related but separate B-cell mediated condition called membranous nephropathy. Youre right. In the current protocol, there is an injection thats administered by a healthcare professional in the office, and as would be expected and is conventional in biologics development, we fully expect and are planning for, and have had all of our regulatory interactions, to have povetacicept ready to be delivered at-home monthly for commercial approval. So, yeah, all those plans are in place and we fully expect that for commercialization. Itll be at-home, monthly, small volume, subcutaneous administration.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: You bet.
Operator: The next question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Thank you. Its nice to see all the progress here. For the upcoming Phase 2 suzetrigine data and LSR, could you help frame what Vertex is looking for in the delta and the NPRS score for the drug versus baseline but also versus placebo, recognizing that youre not powered on this front just in order to kind of decide to move forward into this Phase 3. And separately, if you could just help us understand the confidence in defining this patient population for your trial?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yep. Sure. Thanks. Salveen, we are very close to having the results, so Ill let the results speak for themselves. And as I said in the prepared remarks, I do fully expect for us to be able to share them before the end of the year. In terms of framing the study and what do we want to gain from the study, I would say three things. Obviously, were looking for a good safety profile, so were looking at the safety. But I think your question really pertains to efficacy. So on efficacy, its a measurement within group of the VX-548 NPRS score, baseline to 12 weeks. Were looking for that number to be statistically significant. Were also looking for the magnitude, the sheer number of that NPRS score, the magnitude of that treatment effect. Same thing for the placebo arm. Were looking for the magnitude of that treatment effect. And as you rightfully pointed out, we did not power the study to be able to measure the change from baseline 548 versus placebo, because thats what we intend to do in the Phase 3 study. We need the magnitude of these treatment effects so that we can appropriately size the Phase 3 trial, assuming Phase 2 is positive. With regard to the confidence in the trial, as I said before, the results were available for the acute Phase 2 and then Phase 3, the DPN Phase 2 and now as we await the LSR data, I have high confidence, and that comes from three places. One is the mechanism of action. Two is the building body of clinical evidence, not only in acute pain and DPN from 548, but the predecessor molecule, VX-150. And one thing that you asked directly about, which is the selection of patients. The LSR study was designed to think through what the placebo effect might be, to make sure that sites were appropriately trained, to make sure that we selected patients who really had LSR, lumbosacral radiculopathy. And weve done that carefully through patient selection on physical exam, which is really the best way to identify these patients. So I have high confidence based on all three of those factors, including the patient selection.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Garcia: Hi. Good evening. This is Chris on for Terence. Thanks for taking our questions. Just one question on suze. We know that you wont comment directly on its pricing, but can you provide some of the inputs that you are considering as you make decisions on how to price the drug? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Absolutely. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. Chris, were going to be taking into account the same considerations we always do for all of our medicines and thats driven by the level of clinical benefit that we believe suzetrigine delivers and also the unmet need that it is solving both at an individual patient level but, as importantly, at a societal level. And well be taking all of those inputs into account and making our pricing decision much closer to the approval time.
Chris Garcia: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. I would ask another question on LSR. So if you look at -- so the question is two-part. One, when you look at Lyricas mechanism of action, can you just compare and contrast versus VX-548 and how direct VX-548 versus Lyrica? And Lyrica also, if you look at some of the subgroup analysis where people looked at neuropathic pain specifically, it does seem to have some impact in neuropathic pain. Can you confirm that, even in LSR-related neuropathic pain? Can you confirm that? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So, Mohit, you asked some really good questions about gabapentin or gabapentinoids, so Lyrica is an example of that versus suzetrigine. Lets tackle mechanism of action first. The mechanisms of action are completely different. So the gabapentinoids work because they are -- they were discovered and developed originally as antiepileptic medicines, and what they do is depress the central nervous system. Thats how those medicines work. It doesnt really have anything to do with pain, neuropathic pain or otherwise. The way that the suzetrigine molecule or VX-548 works is it specifically acts on NaV1.8 channels. That are specifically found in C-fibers that are only in the peripheral nervous system. And the reason for the confidence based on mechanism of action, again, when we were waiting for the acute pain results and the DPN results and the same confidence, frankly, here as we wait for LSR results, is because of that very specific mechanism of action. Pain signals, the way we feel pain, is by way of the action potential being propagated by what are called these NaV channels. So thats on the mechanism of action. On Lyrica and where did they have positive results, I can speak to the high level of gabapentinoids and the gabapentinoids have had positive results, and as you know, they are indicated for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. However, they did not have positive results for LSR. Now, it is entirely possible that in some studies or in some subgroups there could have been some signal, but I wont comment on that. I will tell you that it is not approved in the U.S. for LSR.
Mohit Bansal: Helpful. Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Tazeen Ahmad with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, guys. Good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. As we think about LSR and read-throughs to the other indications that youre pursuing, regardless of whatever the data shows for LSR, should we try to have a read-through as to what the results could mean for DPN, for example, which I think is reading out next year? And then secondly, I did want to ask about news from a competitor. Orion Corporation, I believe, recently announced that its NaV1.8 ODM-111 was discontinued in both acute as well as chronic pain studies, they said, in the press release due to a narrow therapeutic window. I was curious if there was any kind of interpretation to make from that molecule not moving forward given the similarity and mechanism of action? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks. Tazeen, lets take on the question you asked about the molecule that was discontinued. It doesnt surprise me, and I wont comment directly on that molecule, but the reason I say it doesnt surprise me is that many, many companies have worked for many, many years, if not decades, to try and tackle NaV1.7 and NaV1.8, including ourselves. And the challenge has long been, well, let me start with the reason people have been targeting NaV1.7 and 1.8. Many people call it the holy grail of potential targets in pain conditions because it is so specific to the transmission of pain. The challenge has been that the NaV1.1 through NaV1.9 channels are similar. And as people have tried to discover drugs that target NaV1.7 or 1.8, theyve run into serious challenges in coming up with molecules with specificity, which is why I say Im not surprised at all. Our molecule is 40,000-fold more specific. It is very, very specific for the NaV1.8 channel versus anything else. Ill tackle your second question about how should we think about LSR versus DPN. Well, the commonality is that theyre both types of peripheral neuropathic pain, but, no, I wouldnt see any reason to relate the LSR data to the DPN data. The 548 same molecule thats already in DPN is in Phase 3 development. Weve already had our regulatory interactions. Weve completed our End-of-Phase 2 meetings. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are well on our way in terms of the Phase 3 trial, screening, enrollment and dosing, and I dont expect any changes.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Thanks. We have two pipeline questions. We are excited about the idea you have 993 as well, which is the second compound for NaV1.8. I just wanted to understand if theres a significant benefit other than potency, because I dont recall the 548 which PK or exposure limited, so I think that youre getting plenty of drug on board and youve already had some pretty good results. So I just wanted to understand if 993, despite being more potent, has significant other properties that would get better on the NaV1.8 channel in the clinic. Our second question is actually a simple one on APOL1, which I know hasnt been talked about too much here, but given the positive regulatory environment that we are seeing in IgAN, I was just wondering if you believe that on the one-year interim, you could probably file on UPCR. Just remind us what youve said and what you think you could do on the one-year date? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Sure. Thanks. Let me tackle 993 first. Michael, as you know, across our entire portfolio, every single lead asset has a follow-on asset and that is because if it is humanly possible to do better, just like we did in CF, we are committed to be the ones who do so. So one purpose of 993 is in that vein of serial innovation, and if we can do better, were going to be the ones who do it. The second reason specifically is we seek to really be broad in the pain space. VX-548 cannot be formulated into an IV formulation. 993 can. So thats a second reason for 993. And the third reason is, were making good progress with our NaV1.7 program. Thats still in preclinical development, but as that program progresses, wed like to identify the best potential NaV1.8 to be used with NaV1.7. Whether thats VX-548, whether its 993 and/or other molecules is a third reason that were developing 993. So we have the most optionality for the best pairing of the NaV1.7 program, which could be used alone or in combination with NaV1.8. And then moving to the question on inaxaplin, this is the program in APOL1-mediated kidney disease. This program is in Phase 3 development and we are continuing with the enrollment in this program. You asked a really interesting question about the regulatory environment. It does seem to be evolving right in front of our eyes here in renal medicine, particularly in homogeneous peritoneal kidney diseases. We had our End-of-Phase 2 meeting with the regulators some time ago, so before the more recent discussions in FSGS, and what weve said and our agreements pertain to a potential accelerated approval with a certain number of patients at the one-year time point with an endpoint read on GFR slope. But its terrific to see the discussions continue on whether proteinuria in and of itself can be an endpoint for other proteinuria kidney diseases.
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. So now that youve had a patient go through the full CASGEVY commercial process, can you discuss what youve learned about the administration, what went well, what do you hope to optimize further and when do you expect to dose the next patient? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Sure. Thanks. Let me turn that over to Stuart, Evan.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. Evan, I think I covered much of this on our Q2 call, actually, that, weve learned an awful lot, as you always do when you are out there post-approval, commercializing a medicine in the real world, as it were. And I think weve learned or reinforced our learnings that we kind of went into, that we know that this is a very big decision for a patient and the physician, but particularly for the patient to make, to embark on what is a lengthy treatment journey. But we know that there is significant enthusiasm for that because there is the potential for lifetime future benefit. So weve learned that it is a big decision and that that is taking a lot of time for physicians and patients to have those discussions, to want to embark on that journey and that includes discussions at the beginning, before the cell collection process begins, but also includes discussions at the end of the process when scheduling the actual CASGEVY infusion because obviously that part of the process entails the patient being an inpatient for a number of weeks and obviously that is a significant disruption to anybodys life and so that is something which they need to think very carefully about when theyre going to take time out from their normal life to go through the final step in the process. I guess a couple of the other things that weve learned is that authorized treatment centers are also very keen to sign up for the potential to be able to provide CASGEVY to their patients. And Id say the last thing that weve learned is that the enthusiasm that payers and policymakers showed when the product was initially approved around the scientific advance that CASGEVY represents has really translated into excitement to want to be able to provide this medicine to their patients and weve seen that here in the U.S. where reimbursement is not an access barrier to patients initiating and weve seen that weve been able to secure reimbursement agreements in, for instance, the U.K. for TDT. We have early access programs, for instance, in Italy. And also we have good access in Saudi Arabia, which is, as weve said before, has a particularly high prevalence of disease. So Id say weve learned things on all elements, patients, physicians and payers and policymakers, and well continue to learn as we move forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Congrats on the progress. And a question for Stuart as well on suzetrigine commercialization. Stuart, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that contracting discussions are underway, and then you also gave, I think, one example of strategic initiatives in the co-pay assistance programs. Could you further characterize the contracting discussions? How are those going? Does insurance understand the need for new non-opioid options? And then in terms of the strategic initiatives, is it mainly around co-pay assistance or are there other strategic initiatives that are also underway? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. Phil, thanks for the question. So I would say that the conversations with payers are going very well. There is a high degree of appreciation for the unmet need, not surprisingly, and there is a lot of enthusiasm for a new treatment option, which has the kind of benefit-risk profile that suzetrigine has, the first novel non-opioid medicine for literally decades. So high level of enthusiasm for it, not surprisingly. Payers are aware of just how many patients suffer from acute pain in the United States and so they are thinking their way through budget impact. So were very early in those discussions, but our focus, and I would like to think theirs, is to make sure that as close as possible to approval, we can make sure that we have reimbursed access so that physicians and patients can get access to the medicine that they want to use. So I would say those discussions are going very well. I pointed to a couple of initiatives that I think are really, really important, Evan. You picked up on one of them. While the discussions are going very well, we know that there is often a lag between approval and having reimbursed access as payers have to work through their normal process. And obviously were trying to accelerate that, but, you know, we are anticipating there will be some lag for some patients groups. And there you really have two choices. You can kind of accept theres going to be a lack -- a gap, sorry, and some patients dont have reimbursed access and so therefore wont get access or you can try and solve that problem while the plans are working on reimbursed access and coming up with their final policies. And weve chosen to solve it. We know theres going to be a lot of enthusiasm from physicians and patients to want to try susetrogene. We want to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make that a seamless experience, even if the plan hasnt yet made a final decision. The one other area I would share with you, which I pointed out, is retail distribution. Obviously patients in acute pain cant wait and so when they turn up at a retail pharmacy with a prescription for susetrogene, that susetrogene needs to be there on the shelf so that the pharmacist can dispense it. And so one of the other areas that we are spending a lot of time focused on is ensuring those national retail distribution of susetrogene, again, as close as possible to approval as we can. So thats a couple of areas that we are working on.
Phil Nadeau: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Debjit Chattopadhyay with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Debjit Chattopadhyay: Hey. Good evening and thank you for taking my questions, which is on inaxaplin. Given the recent traction, when should we expect enrollment completion? And additionally, given the historically low compliance rates for antihypertensives, how big could inaxaplin be in the growing Vertex renal franchise? Thank you so much.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, Debjit. This is Reshma. Ill turn it over to Stuart to give you a sense of the commercial opportunity here. With regard to enrollment completion, we havent given guidance on that and Im going to leave it at that for now. I will just remind Debjit that theres two enrollments to be aware of. One is enrollment to get us to the time point for accelerated approval, and then second is the enrollment for the completion of the full study. Obviously, its going to be faster to get to the enrollment number, which we also havent shared, but its a subset of the overall enrollment for the accelerated enrollment time point. Stuart, do you want to comment a little bit on commercial opportunity for inaxaplin, and Debjit points out there is a large growing renal franchise here.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. So in terms of commercial potential, we know that there is approximately 100,000 or so patients living with AMKD between the U.S. and Europe, the vast majority of which are here in the United States. So there is a very, very significant commercial opportunity if we can deliver on the first product, which is actually treating the underlying cause of disease for these patients. Now, I say there are about 100,000 or estimate to be about 100,000 patients living with the disease. Many of them are undiagnosed and not genotyped at this point in time, given the fact that the gene was only discovered approximately 14 years or so ago and so this is a very new disease. So obviously, this is going to require a large amount of disease awareness, increases in diagnosis, and certainly genotyping, and we are already supporting initiatives like that. But in terms of total potential, as I say, over 100,000 patients, and therefore, we think inaxaplin has a multi-billion-dollar opportunity ahead of it.
Operator: The next question will come from Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Olivia Brayer: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for the question. I wanted to follow up on LSR. Whats the internal bar for actually moving VX-548 into a registrational program? Do you need to see a certain delta versus what the placebo arm shows at 12 weeks or would a faster separation in the initial first few weeks on treatment versus placebo actually be enough of a signal to take it forward? I guess, what Im asking, right, is if those two curves were to come together at the end of 12 weeks, what kind of signal would be enough to move it forward, if that makes sense? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, Olivia. This is Reshma. I really do understand the question. What I said earlier, I think, is the best way to understand what were looking for. Were looking for good safety and were looking for the magnitude of the treatment effect in the 548 arm and the magnitude of the treatment effect in the placebo arm. Youre very right to point out that theres going to be consideration that we give to when the curves separate. Were going to look at all of the details of the NPRS score. Were going to look at subgroups. Were going to do all of the things that you would expect us to do. The key point is we want to see the magnitude of the treatment effect so we can appropriately size that Phase 3 trial, assuming that the data are supportive. As I said before, its not too much longer that we have to wait, and then once we have the data, well certainly be able to talk in a very fulsome manner about exactly what the basis of our decision-making is and talk further about the potential Phase 3 study. Olivia, Ill just use this moment to correct on the question that I think it was Mohit who asked earlier. It could have been Tazeen. It is 30,000-fold more sensitive to NaV1.8 than anything else. I said 40,000. And we can go on to the next question then.
Susie Lisa: Chuck, this will be our last question, please.
Operator: Yes, maam. Our last question for today will come from Ms. Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Liisa Bayko: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. I was curious to follow up on something that Stuart had indicated earlier and that was the anticipation of no prior authorization for suzetrigine and kind of what are the factors that you can influence that can decide that and how confident are you that will be the case? Because we did a doc call and it seems like the kind of no barriers to getting drugs is really critical, and it seems like this would be a really key one, and you kind of honed in on it. So Im curious how confident you are and what levers you have there? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Stuart, maybe you could comment both on the policy front and the other work that youre doing on the commercial front.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. So, Liisa, thanks for the question. So on the policy side of things, weve already seen that there is significant sensitivity to the fact that the sorts of utilization management controls that can get put in place, particularly for brands versus generics, could be a barrier to suzetrigine being launched, which is why we referred to the Alternatives to Pain Act, which is looking to prohibit exactly that sort of thing for our Medicare Part D beneficiaries. In our discussions with the other plans that we are talking to through our pre-approval information exchanges, that is one of the topics that we are talking about. Obviously, there is the level of unmet need. Obviously, we are able to talk in a compliant way about the benefit-risk profile of suzetrigine, but we are also talking about what are some of the conditions which people might seek to use to provide reimbursed access. Obviously, different providers and plans have different controls. Often prior authorizations are required, even if they arent combined with other types of controls. So, for instance, I could still imagine somebody needing to have a prior authorization for a suzetrigine prescription, certainly before a plan has made a definitive coverage decision. What I couldnt imagine is somebody having a prior auth which requires a patient to step through a generic opioid before getting to suzetrigine. So I dont think theres really one answer to your question, Liisa, because prior auths are used in very, very different ways. But we are looking to make it as easy as possible for physicians and patients, because we know there is going to be such broad enthusiasm for suzetrigine when its approved, hopefully, in the early part of 2025.
Liisa Bayko: Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session, as well as our conference call for today. Thank you for attending todays presentation. A replay of todays event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1-877-344-7529 or 1-412-317-0088, using replay access code 10187025. Thank you for your participation today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day! And welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead.
Susie Lisa: Good evening all. My name is Susie Lisa, and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our second quarter 2024 financial results conference call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will be make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed medicines for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia, our pipeline including the potential near-term launches of the Vanzacaftor Triple in CF and Suzetrigine in moderate to severe acute pain, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that the select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani : Thanks, Susie. Good evening all. And thank you for joining us on the call today. We've continued our momentum from Q1 with another quarter of excellent performance across the board, including outstanding commercial execution in both CF and the early launch of CASGEVI. Our preparedness for the potential near-term launches of the Vanzacaftor Triple in CF and Suzetrigine in acute pain, as well as the rapid advancement of our broad and deep pipeline. In CF, we continue to reach more patients delivering $2.65 billion in revenue in Q2, and based on this result and our outlook, we are increasing our full-year product revenue guidance to $10.65 billion to $10.85 billion, which at the midpoint represents 9% growth versus 2023. In sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, we are pleased with the reception from patients, physicians, and payers as we continue the ongoing launch of CASGEVI to bring this potentially transformative medicine to patients across multiple regions, and we are very excited about the multiple near-term opportunities to reach more patients and deliver additional revenue growth from our programs that have completed pivotal development, including the completion and acceptance of two significant regulatory submissions. The Vanzacaftor Triple in patients with cystic fibrosis, six years and older, which has been given priority review designation, and VX-548 or Suzetrigine in moderate to severe acute pain, which has also been granted priority review by the FDA. Lastly, on the mid and late stage pipeline, I am very pleased with our continued rapid progress. I'll call out three specific programs. First, the Suzetrigine LSR Phase 2 Study has significantly accelerated, and we now expect Phase 2 results by the end of this year. Second, in the VX-880 Phase 1/2 trial in Type 1 Diabetes, we have completed enrollment and dosing in the original 17-patient study, and we have secured regulatory endorsement to expand the study to 37 patients in total as we advance towards pivotal development. And third, in the Povetacicept program, having completed successful end of Phase 2 regulatory meetings, we will initiate the Phase 3 pivotal trial in IgA nephropathy later this month. With those highlights, let me now turn to an R&D review limiting my comments this quarter to the programs with the most significant recent updates, cystic fibrosis, pain, type 1 diabetes, and IgA nephropathy. Starting with CF, we are very pleased with the Phase 3 results from the Vanzacaftor Triple program we announced in early February, as we continued to drive towards our ultimate goal of bringing all eligible patients to carrier levels, indeed to normal levels of CFTR function as measured by sweat chloride. The Vanzacaftor Triple demonstrated an even greater reduction in sweat chloride than TRIKAFTA, a very high bar to have crested, and thus sets the stage for the potential to have a new standard in the treatment of CF. The Vanzacaftor Triple also offers the convenience of one-daily dosing and a substantially lower royalty burden. With regard to the vanza global regulatory submissions, in addition to the US acceptance our filings have also been validated by the EMA in the EU, and the MHRA in the UK. With regard to VX-522 our CFTR mRNA therapy in development with our partners at Moderna, it has completed the single ascending dose portion of the Phase 1/2 study and continues in the multiple ascending dose portion. As a reminder, VX-522 seeks to provide treatment for the more than 5,000 people with CF who do not make any CFTR protein and therefore cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. Based on the pace of enrollment and study dynamics, our current expectation is to complete the study and share both efficacy and safety results from the study in the first half of 2025. Moving now to the pain program and our portfolio of novel, highly selective Nav1.8 and Nav1.7 pain signal inhibitors. In acute pain, a few points to highlight. First, we are very pleased that the Suzetrigine submission has been accepted and granted priority review by the FDA with a PDUFA target action date of January 30th, 2025. Second, our next in class Nav1.8 pain signal inhibitor, VX-993, is in the clinic in a Phase 1 trial with the IV formulation and is currently enrolling and dosing healthy volunteers. Third, VX-993 will soon enter a Phase 2 study with the oral formulation in acute pain following bunionectomy surgery. This study is on track to begin later this quarter. And lastly, we continue to make strong progress preclinically with our Nav1.7 pain signal inhibitor program that may be used alone or in combination with Nav1.8 inhibitors. Just as in acute pain, we have multiple programs moving rapidly through development in Peripheral Neuropathic Pain or PNP. Starting with Painful Lumbosacral Radiculopathy or LSR, a condition that impacts more than 4 million Americans. There is a high unmet need in LSR. In the US, there are no medicines approved specifically for the treatment of pain from LSR. As mentioned in my opening remarks, the pace of enrollment in this study has been rapid and significantly exceeded our projections. Study enrollment is now complete and we anticipate sharing Phase 2 LSR results by the end of this year. Also in Peripheral Neuropathic Pain, we are excited to begin the Phase 3 pivotal program for Suzetrigine in painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy or DPN later this quarter. The DPN pivotal program consists of two identical randomized control trials of approximately 1100 patients each, with Suzetrigine at a dose of 70 milligrams, one daily, and evaluating the change from baseline to week 12 in NPRS pain scores relative to placebo. The RCTs also include an active comparator arm of Pregabalin. A key secondary endpoint is changed from baseline at week 12 in NPRS score for Suzetrigine versus Pregabalin assessed for non-inferiority. And if we meet non-inferiority, then we will test for superiority versus Pregabalin. Lastly in PNP, I am pleased to share that we will soon initiate a Phase 2 study with the oral formulation of VX-993 in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, designed similarly to the Suzetrigine Phase 2 DPN study, this trial is also on track to begin this quarter. Turning now to Type 1 Diabetes, VX-880s are stem cell derived, fully differentiated islet cell therapy for people with T1D and impaired hypoglycemic awareness, who experience severe hypoglycemic events despite optimal medical care. At the ADA meeting in June, an oral presentation from the ongoing Phase 1/2 Study included updated data with more patients and longer duration of follow-up, and continued to demonstrate the potential of VX-880 as a functional cure for patients with T1D. The data reflected 12 patients from Parts B and C of the study who received a full dose of VX-880 as a single infusion and had at least 3 months of follow-up. The results are remarkable. Specifically, all patients demonstrated islet cell engraftment and glucose-responsive insulin production by day 90. All 12 patients achieved hemoglobin A1c levels less than 7%, and all 12 patients also had a time and range for glucose levels of 70% or greater. 11 of the 12 patients greatly reduced or completely eliminated exogenous insulin use and the three patients with 12 months of follow-up and therefore evaluable for the primary endpoint each met the primary endpoint of elimination of severe hypoglycemic events with a hemoglobin A1c level below 7% as well as the secondary endpoint of insulin independence. With these results we are planning forward towards the next phase of development for VX-880. To that end we are very pleased to have secured regulatory approval to expand the original 17 patient study which is fully enrolled and dosed to include an additional 20 participants. We look forward to continuing the work with regulators to finalize the requirements for pivotal development and updating you on those discussions. Beyond VX-880 our cells + device or VX-264 program encapsulates the same VX-880 cells in a proprietary device designed to eliminate the need for immunosuppressants. VX-264 is in a Phase 1/2 multi-part global study. We have completed Part A of the study at an initial dose with a stagger between patients. We are currently enrolling and dosing patients in Part B which is at the full target dose also with a stagger between patients. As a reminder Part C of the trial is at the full target dose with no stagger between patients. The last major R&D update pertains to povetacicept the lead asset from our recently closed acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences where enthusiasm for both the acquisition and pove remains high. As a reminder pove holds the promise of being a pipeline and a product and has best-in-class potential for the lead indication in IgA nephropathy given its mechanism of action with dual inhibition of both APRIL and BAFF, its pre-clinical profile and the clinical data through Phase 2 in proteinuria, hematuria and GFR. These attributes plus pove's once monthly dose frequency and small volume subcutaneous route of administration give us high confidence in its potential to be a transformative medicine for patients with IgAN. I am pleased to share that we are on track to initiate the global Phase 3 RAINIER study of povetacicept in patients with IgA nephropathy this month. To recap we had successful end of Phase 2 meetings with the FDA and global regulatory authorities and we're very pleased to have reached agreement on the following important elements. The pivotal program is designed as a single global randomized double-blind placebo controlled trial of approximately 480 patients with biopsy proven IgA and proteinuria. Patients will be randomized to receive either pove or placebo on top of standard of care. In the U.S. the Phase 3 design affords us the opportunity to submit for an accelerated approval. A pre-planned interim analysis will take place when a certain number of patients reaches 36 weeks of treatment to evaluate the change in proteinuria from baseline to week 36. For full approval the study will continue through week 104 and an assessment of GFR. Beyond the Phase 3 study in IgA nephropathy pove is also being evaluated in two Phase 2 basket trials one in renal diseases termed RUBY3 and a second in B cell mediated cytopenias termed Ruby4. We look forward to readouts from some cohorts in these studies later this year and into next. To close the pipeline review, a brief update on VX-634 and VX-668 in Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency or AATD. Safety was demonstrated in the Phase 1 studies of both VX-634 and 668. However based on the Phase 1 biomarker analyses we have determined that neither VX-634 nor VX-668 would deliver transformative efficacy for people with AATD and therefore we have decided to discontinue development of both molecules. With these learnings our research efforts in AATD will continue. I'll now turn it over to Stuart for a commercial update.
Stuart Arbuckle : Thanks Reshma. I'll first discuss CF then provide some highlights of the ongoing CASGEVY launch and the outlook for Suzetrigine in acute pain. As Reshma noted we once again delivered strong results in CF as we grew the number of eligible patients taking our CFTR modulators and we continue to expect sustained growth in CF over the near, medium and long term. In the near term we continue to focus on reaching more eligible patients including younger age groups as with the ongoing KAFTRIO launches in the two to five age group in Europe. With anticipated global approvals for additional rare mutations later this year and through additional geographies such as Brazil where we now have national reimbursement for TRIKAFTA for patients ages six and above. We were also pleased to have announced in June an extended long-term reimbursement agreement with NHS England which ensures access to our CFTR modulators for all existing and future eligible CF patients in England. Comparable arrangements have subsequently been entered into in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The agreements are a result of positive recommendations for NICE and SMC for our CFTR modulators. In the medium term we anticipate growth will be driven by the launch of our fifth CFTR modulator therapy the Vanzacaftor Triple combination. We believe many existing TRIKAFTA patients may seek to achieve even greater levels of CFTR function and the added convenience of once daily dosing, and there are also more than 6,000 patients who have discontinued one of our current CFTR modulators who also may be interested in a new treatment option. We continue to execute our vanz pre-launch activities including pre-approval information exchange with payers and are encouraged by the outlook. Longer term we expect continued growth in CF from developing medicines for the more than 5,000 people with CF who do not respond to CFTR modulators which is the focus of our mRNA program VX-522. Now turning to CASGEVY and our launches in sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. We continue to make strong progress with ATC activation as well as physician, patient and payer engagement, as we work to bring this potentially curative therapy to patients around the globe. CASGEVY represents an enormous advancement for the estimated 35,000 people living with severe sickle cell disease and transfusion dependent beta thalassemia in the US and Europe as well as the estimated 23,000 eligible patients in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. To update you on the two key metrics we are sharing externally as important markers of our early launch progress. Firstly ATC activation, we're pleased with our progress as we now have more than 35 activated centers up from 25 last quarter and 9 at launch. We continue to expect to activate approximately 75 total ATCs globally. Secondly, patient cell collections. We continue to see a growing number of patients beginning the treatment journey. Approximately 20 patients have already had cells collected. As mentioned last quarter patients are initiating the treatment journey in every region where CASGEVY is approved, the US, Europe and the Middle East. And we are pleased to report growth in patient cell collections across all of these regions this quarter. We also continue to make strong progress with payers in all regions who recognize the transformative clinical benefits of CASGEVY and are moving quickly to provide rapid and equitable access. Outside the US we are building upon our early successes such as the early access program in France for TDT, and we now have an early access program approved there for sickle cell disease as well as reimbursement in Austria, Bahrain and KSA. In the US given payers support across all market segments commercial, Medicaid and Medicare, I'm pleased to report that we do not see coverage as a significant obstacle to patient access. We have always known that CASGEVY offers an enormous advancement for patients. We've also consistently communicated that the patient journey that is the process to go from patient interest all the way to infusion of edited cells is long and complex. Whilst it's still early in the launch we have gained many learnings, interest level is high among patients, physicians, governments and other stakeholders. The value of CASGEVY has been widely recognized leading to broad access and reimbursement by payers. The patient opportunity in the Middle East is particularly significant given the high prevalence of these Hemoglobinopathies and government's clear focus on elevating the health of their citizens. And lastly the treatment process does take time, but we are now even more confident in our view that CASGEVY will help large numbers of patients around the world and represents a multi-billion dollar opportunity. Shifting now to Suzetrigine, we believe this novel, highly selective Nav1.8 pain signal inhibitor has the potential to provide a transformative treatment option for the 90 million patients suffering from acute and peripheral neuropathic pain in the US. This quarter, I'll limit my commercial comments to the opportunity in acute pain. We have continued to make significant progress building out our commercial team. We've now completed hiring of our strategic account leads who will primarily focus on the leadership and formulary decision makers at IDNs, as well as our pain territory account managers, who post approval will call on hospitals and other large treatment sites, such as ambulatory surgical centers. Recall that approximately 80 million patients are prescribed a medicine for moderate to severe acute pain each year in the US, with approximately two thirds of patients treated in the institutional setting. As a result, our field force will primarily focus on this institutional setting. We have begun engaging in pre-approval information exchanges in those institutional settings with IDN leadership and formulary decision makers who have responsibility for formularies that enable use in both the inpatient and discharge settings. We've encountered high levels of enthusiasm for a new class of treatment for pain, specifically for an effective and well-tolerated pain medication that does not possess addictive properties by way of its mechanism of action. Hospital formulary and payer processes are well-defined, and we are engaging appropriately to encourage and support swift reviews by the relevant bodies like P&T Committees, including by providing key clinical and economic information. Depending on the institution or organization, it can take up to 12 months post-approval for hospital formulary and payer decisions to be finalized, but we are working to accelerate these timelines. We anticipate engaging in contracting discussions in the latter half of 2024 with the goal of building formulary and payer coverage during 2025. We also continue to be engaged with federal and state policy makers, including state governors who have expressed strong interest in a novel, highly effective and well-tolerated treatment for pain without the addictive potential of opioids. Federally, in December 2022, Congress passed the No Pain Act in which non-opioid therapies are eligible for separate payment for Medicare patients in the outpatient and ACS settings, beginning in January 2025. It is promising to see CMS continuing the process of implementation as the Annual Outpatient Prospective Payment System, or OPPS, proposed rule was released for public comment last month. Because Suzetrigine is still investigational, it is not currently included in the list of seven drugs in the proposed rule, but we fully expect Suzetrigine will be eligible for separate payment once it is FDA approved. We view the No Pain Act as an important indication of the broad range of supportive policy initiatives, both at the federal and state level that can provide a meaningful tailwind to Suzetrigine adoption. We are also encouraged by the progress of the Alternatives to Pain Act, which aims to level the playing field for access to non-opioids for Medicare Part D patients. In the discharge or outpatient pharmacy setting, it's important to understand that patients who receive a prescription must be able to access their acute pain medication immediately. Unlike patients with asymptomatic or chronic conditions, patients in acute pain cannot wait for another day or another week to have their prescription filled. We are therefore working with key pharmacy retail organizations to ensure broad availability of Suzetrigine nationally. In addition, we are planning a range of initiatives for the first year of launch, including co-pay assistance and other financial assistance programs to enable patients at the pharmacy to access their prescribed Suzetrigine prior to payer coverage decisions. We are very enthusiastic about the potential launch of Suzetrigine for patients with moderate to severe acute pain and the impact we believe it will have on society. We recognize that even in the case of significant unmet need, it can take time for some components of our healthcare system to adopt new technologies, and we are working to accelerate these processes. Ultimately, our goal is to fundamentally and forever change the way pain is treated, and we look forward to delivering on the first part of this vision for patients with moderate to severe acute pain in early 2025. In conclusion, it's an exciting time to be at Vertex. We continue to treat more CF patients around the world and are well advanced in planning for the launch of the Vanzacaftor Triple combination. We are entering a new era of commercial diversification with the launch of CASGEVI in the US, Europe, and the Middle East. And our launch preparations for Suzetrigine in acute pain are well underway, as we seek to redefine the treatment of pain and drive further diversified revenue growth. I will now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks Stuart. Vertex's excellent Q2 results demonstrate once again our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile. Second quarter 2024 revenue increased 6% year-over-year to $2.65 billion with solid growth of 7% in the U.S. and 5% outside the U.S. The drivers of this strong quarter were in line with our expectations, including an anticipated reduction in channel inventories in select international markets. Second quarter U.S. growth was driven by continued strong patient demand for TRIKAFTA. Outside the U.S., growth was also driven by strong demand, with continued uptake from the KAFTRIO launches in children's ages two to five, partially offset by the reversal of the first quarter channel inventory build. On the expense front, Q224 combined non-GAAP R&D Acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $5.43 billion, compared to $1.04 billion in the second quarter of 2023. Q224 operating expenses include over $4.4 billion in AIPR&D charges, primarily as a result of the Alpine acquisition, which we previously disclosed as being accounted for as an asset acquisition. This compares to just $111 million of AIPR&D charges in Q223. Q224 non-GAAP R&D expenses of $697 million were roughly flat year-over-year, reflecting ongoing investment in the advancement of our broad R&D portfolio, upset by reduced costs from the recently completed clinical trials, as well as the associated transition of certain costs from R&D to COGS and inventory. Q224 non-GAAP SG&A expenses of $280 million increased 28% versus prior year, primarily as a result of investments in the commercial organization, including launch activities for CASGEVY and pre-launch activities for Suzetrigine in acute pain. We anticipate that quarterly non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses will increase over the remainder of 2024 within our guidance as we advance multiple studies, including Suzetrigine, pove and inaxaplin in Phase 3 programs, VX-993 in acute and peripheral neuropathic pain studies, and the expansion of the VX-880 trial in T1D. In addition, we continue to invest in preparation for upcoming potential new launches, including the further build-out of our commercial capabilities in acute pain. Q224 results reflected strong revenue and underlying operating results, though due to the $4.4 billion AIPR&D charge from Alpine transaction accounting, we reported a second quarter 2024 non-GAAP operating loss of $3.1 billion. In the second quarter of 2023, we reported $1.15 billion in non-GAAP operating income. Our tax rate for the quarter was also impacted by the one-time, non-deductible, Alpine AIPR&D charge, leading to a reported non-GAAP tax rate for the second quarter of 2024 of negative 10%, compared to a tax rate of 21% in Q223. Aside from the effects of the non-deductible Alpine charge, there were no material changes in Vertex's non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter, which would have been approximately 21%. The $4.4 billion AIPR&D charge for the Alpine acquisition equates to an impact of approximately $17 per share on Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP results, and drove a non-GAAP loss per share of $12.83 in Q224, compared to non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.89 in the second quarter of 2023. We ended the quarter with $10.2 billion in cash and investments after paying approximately $5 billion to fund the acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences. Additionally, we deployed over $300 million of cash in the second quarter to repurchase more than 700,000 shares. Now, switching to guidance. We are raising our 2024 total product revenue guidance to a range of $10.65 billion to $10.85 billion, representing 9% revenue growth at the midpoint at current exchange rates. We continue to have high visibility into this revenue outlook, as we expect continued growth in CF as we reach more patients, including younger ones in core markets and select other countries. Guidance also continues to include a contribution in the second half of the year from the commercial launch of CASGEVI. For Vertex operating expenses, our non-GAAP guidance continues to include a range of $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion in combined R&D and SG&A expenses, which is unchanged from the guidance provided on our last earnings call. As previously communicated, we are absorbing Alpine's projected non-GAAP operating expenses for the remainder of 2024 within our guidance range for R&D and SG&A. For Acquired IPR&D, we now expect approximately $4.6 billion for the year, including the Alpine asset acquisition charge recorded in the second quarter. Given that the Alpine AIPR&D charge is not deductible for tax purposes, we expect a non-GAAP full year 2024 tax rate of approximately 100%. Note that the anticipated percentage tax rate is highly sensitive to projected pre-tax income. Aside from the impact of the non-deductible Alpine AIPR&D charge, our underlying full year 2024 non-GAAP effective tax rate would have remained in the range of 20% to 21%. In closing, Vertex posted excellent results yet again as we delivered strong revenue growth, advanced our CASGEVE launch, and secured important regulatory approvals. We also strengthened our capabilities in preparation for additional near-term launches, progressed our pipeline, and made rapid progress closing and integrating Alpine, a compelling fit with Vertex's R&D strategy, with significant potential as a pipeline in a product. We are already leveraging Vertex's clinical, regulatory, and commercial capabilities to accelerate development in IgAN, with Phase 3 set to begin this month. We are targeting U.S. accelerated approval in IgAN in late 2027 and a contribution to Vertex's revenue growth and diversification beginning in 2028. In addition, as we move through 2024, we anticipate further important achievements, including multiple milestones in our pain portfolio, such as a Phase 2 data readout with Suzetrigine in LSR, Phase 2 initiation of VX-993 studies in acute pain and in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, as well as progress towards pivotal development in T1D. These and other anticipated milestones of continued progress in multiple disease areas are detailed on Slide 17. We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls. And I'll ask Suzy to begin the Q&A period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Noting that around 6,000 patients have discontinued CFTR modulators, as we think about uptake for vanzacafta triple, can you help us understand what the early launch dynamics could look like and whether they could be a significant bolus of early adopters? And then just a second question, if I may. What is the relative contribution of CASGEVI to the updated product revenue guidance? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, thanks Salveen. We won't be breaking down the revenue for the CF franchise versus CASGEVI. And I'll turn it over to Stuart, to tell you a little bit more about the vanzacafta launch dynamics.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes Salveen. Thanks for the question. I don't think there's going to be a single bolus of patients, based on our research with physicians that they are considering for the vanzacafta triple combination. I'd say that they are excited about the prospects for vanzacafta, both for their existing patients who are on a CFTR modulator, many of whom I think are going to be very interested in a treatment option which promises the potential for increased CFTR function, and also being the fact that it's once a day. And then, as you say, there are also patients who are not currently on a CFTR modulator, who I think are going to welcome the opportunity for a new treatment option. So I don't think it's going to be one or the other. I think there's going to be a broad interest in the vanzacafta triple across both patients who are persistent today and those who've discontinued previously.
Operator: Next question will come from David Risinger with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
David Risinger : Congrats on the strong execution. I have two questions. First, could you just discuss the potential to develop VX-548 ex-U.S. for neuropathic pain? And second, could you provide the latest on your preclinical development efforts for NAV1.7 inhibitors? Thanks very much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Hey Dave, this is Reshma. Let me break that into two parts and let me take the preclinical NAV1.7 first. And then, I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk about our goals ex-U.S. So we are making really strong progress on the NAV1.7 inhibitors. They are still in preclinical development, but I would characterize it Dave, as it's in late preclinical development. And to contextualize this a little bit more for everybody else, we expect that the NAV1.7s could be used alone in acute pain or neuropathic pain, or they could be used in combination with our NAV1.8 inhibitors, be it 548 or 993 or any in our portfolio. With that, I'll turn it over to Stuart for a little bit on ex-U.S. ambitions.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. Hi Dave. Thanks for the question. So, I would say that the clinical landscape, and by that I mean the kind of the treatment options and the way that they are used, is very similar outside the U.S. as it is here in the U.S. with things like NSAD, acetaminophen. In neuropathic pain, things like pregabalin, gabapentin, and then obviously opioids. And that's true in both acute pain and neuropathic pain, and I know you were asking specifically about neuropathic, there are differences. I think it's fair to say that the level of abuse and misuse of opioids is less. It's not zero, but it's less outside of the U.S. But in addition, the pricing dynamics and the value recognition of healthcare and innovation by healthcare systems outside the U.S. is very different. And as such, our focus at this time is very much on the unmet need and opportunity to serve patients here in the U.S. first, and ex-U.S. is something that we will consider later on.
David Risinger : Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jessica Fye with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Hi there. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about your Type 1 diabetes effort. How do you envision the regulatory path for VX-880? And for VX-264, the encapsulated cells product, I believe you've completed Part A with the low-dose patients. Is there anything you can share with respect to kind of what you are seeing so far with that one? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hi Jess. It's Reshma and let me take those two questions. Maybe we'll go with 264 first, and then we'll go to VX-880. So on VX-264, this is the Cells Plus Device Program. You're exactly right about the stage of the program. We're in Part B, which is the full dose. It's a full dose with a stagger period between patients. I would say that results are a 2025 timeframe. We're making progress, and I'm really happy to be in the clinic with both, 264 and 880. On VX880, this is the Naked Cell Program, so cells alone. This is the one that has now completed, which is obviously a big milestone, enrollment and dosing in the original 17-patient study. We are in the phase of development where we're in full dose with patients who don't have a stagger. I'm really happy with the regulatory discussions to-date and their endorsement for us to expand the study to a total of 37 patients, so an additional 20 patients. And with regard to your direct question on how should we think about the path forward with regard to regulatory expectations, I don't have an answer for you today, because that's exactly the conversations that we're going to complete in the coming months. But I would think about the Type 1 Diabetes Program more like a CASGEVY program than a small molecule program. You'll remember that the CASGEVY program in either TDT or in sickle cell disease was a very efficient sample size. And what we did in the case of CASGEVY is convert it from a Phase 1-2 to a Phase 1-2-3 trial, exactly what it will look like for VX-880. I'll look forward to keeping you updated as we complete the discussions with regulators.
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. I think Stuart, in your prepared remarks, you suggested that the launch of Suzetrigine might be more gradual than some other launches. Maybe once approved, can you walk me through some of the gating factors to really get this into the hands of patients to have the maximal impact on healthcare system. Kind of what you have to do once approved to really get it to these patients? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Sure Evan. Thanks for the question. And just to be absolutely crystal clear, our enthusiasm for Suzetrigine is growing as we get closer to the launch, not diminishing. And that's due to the benefit we've got from market research and also our interactions and discussions with physicians post the Phase 3 data and the filing. But there are practical realities that we are going to have to face. They are things like, obviously, the majority of patients with acute pain are treated in the institutional setting. That means we're going to have to go through formulary and P&T processes with those institutions. We're going to have to work with payers and work through their formulary and other policy adoption processes. And so whilst those policies are very well defined, they do take time. And obviously, we're going to do everything we can to accelerate those timelines, and that's why we're already engaging for instance with GPOs and IDN leadership to support institutional use. We're talking with payers and PBMs to support rapid policy adoption. In addition, we are going to want Suzetrigine to be broadly available at retail pharmacies across America, and so we're also engaging with the major retail pharmacy organizations as well. And lastly, because we know that these processes can take time, despite the fact we're going to do everything we can to accelerate them, we are also looking at deploying a range of initiatives, including things like co-pay assistance and financial assistance programs, so that if a physician and patient decide that Suzetrigine is right for them, that patient can access the product without delay and isn't forced to kind of abandon the prescription because their particular plan or payer has not finalized their medical policy yet. So those are some of the challenges we're going to be facing. They are not unique to Vertex. They are relatively well-defined and we're going to do everything we can to accelerate them, so that Suzetrigine can become the multi-billion dollar drug we know it's going to become.
Evan Seigerman: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Chris Raymond : Hey, thanks. Just maybe two questions. First, maybe on Pove, just a competitive question, as IgAN seems to be getting a little bit more crowded. Biogen just got access to felzartamab, which I think had pretty interesting Phase 2 data. Just maybe talk a little bit about how you view the sort of match up to that and maybe how does anti-CD38 compare to BAFF APRIL inhibition. And then maybe a CASGEVI commercial question. Just on the HHS suit around fertility treatments for patients getting CASGEVI, can you maybe talk about the overall timelines there with that case, and maybe you also talk about how much of an impact it is to not have this reimbursement for fertility in place during the early stage of the launch. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hey, this is Reshma. Let me take the first question first, and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk about CASGEVI and how that's going. So important things to know about IgA nephropathy. It is a rare disease, but it is one of the more common rare diseases. There's more than 130,000 with IgA nephropathy in the U.S. alone. And it's actually the most common primary glomerulonephritis. So there are lots of patients that are waiting to be served. To-date, there is no specific therapy that treats the underlying cause of this disease. And the reason for our enthusiasm and after IgA nephropathy has been in our sandbox as it were, a disease area of interest for a long time. And after there has been some activity in this space and a full analysis by us of everything available out there, our enthusiasm for Alpine and their povetacicept, which is a dual APRIL BAFF inhibitor, comes from the fact that it is the agent that works directly on the underlying cause of the disease. To put it in a short way, the disease is caused by B cells. It is the activation of these B cells. It is about auto antibodies. And this drug, APRIL BAFF, directly inhibits B cell proliferation, maturation and proliferation. And what we have seen by way of mechanism of action, this dual APRIL BAFF inhibition, all of the preclinical data, potency, affinity, as well as the clinical data, it is through its Phase 2 development. So we're talking about proteinuria, hematuria, GFR, and also the biomarker of what's called GDA-IgA. That's the aberrantly glycosylated IgA, which is the underlying problem, not to mention two-monthly dosing. It's subcutaneous and small volume. You put that all together, Pove has the most transformational profile and holds the potential to be best-in-class for IgAN, but also holds the potential to have effect, transformative effect in a whole host of other B cell-mediated kidney diseases, like lupus nephritis, membranous, ANCA-associated, and a host of B cell-mediated heme diseases, like ITP, cold agglutinin disease, warm hemolytic anemia. So I couldn't be more excited about this molecule getting to its first Phase 3 program, which is IgA nephropathy. Over to you, Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, let me just take a step back before I talk specifically about fertility preservation. So, because of the treatment journey to get CASGEVI, which requires multiple trips to the activated and authorized treatment centers, and because there's only a certain number of sites in the United States, and in addition, because of the B cell-fan conditioning regimens is where the fertility risk comes in, we have sought to try and provide support to patients in two particular areas. One is travel and lodging, and the other one is in fertility preservation. And we want to provide those support services to patients equitably, no matter what their payer is. We are able to provide both of those services to commercially insured patients, and we are able to provide travel and lodging support to government-insured patients, because that has previously been ruled on by the OIG. What they have not given us an affirmative decision on is on fertility preservation, and that's why we have launched our suit to try and get fertility preservation approved for government-insured patients as well. It's impossible to speculate exactly on the timing of when that suit will be heard and resolved. In the short term, I don't see it as being rate-limiting to a successful launch of CASGEVI, and I think we're already seeing that in the number of patients who are beginning the treatment journey and in the number of cell collections. Having said that, we are completely committed to the sickle cell and TET communities, and we are going to fight for their rights to get equitable access, whatever their payer.
Operator: And the next question will come from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two for me. Stuart, you discussed at a high level your confidence in Vanzacaftor pricing. Maybe just  I know you're not going to comment directly on the price, but just what are some of the inputs you're considering as you think about making that decision next year? And then, any update on where we might see the full Phase 3 data for VX-548 this fall? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey Terrence, let me take the second question first. I think it's now been released. The VX-548 Suzetrigine data have been accepted at the ASA Fall Conference, and it has been accepted in the Best Abstract category, so you can expect to see it there. I'm sure the teams are also going to be working on full manuscripts, probably in the fall-winter time frame, but the Congress acceptance of Suzetrigine as Best-in-Class Abstracts has already been announced. Stuart, over to you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah Terrence, on Vanzacaftor, we're going to approach the pricing of Vanzacaftor as we have with all of our medicines, which is we're going to base it on the clinical benefits and the value it provides to the patients. And as you know, we're very positive about the Vanzacaftor profile. It performed brilliantly in the Phase 3 program, non-inferior as anticipated to TRIKAFTA on FEV1, but demonstrated superior restoration of CFTR function as measured by sweat chloride, and of course, it has the convenience of being once daily. So we're going to take all of those factors into consideration when thinking of the pricing, which is obviously a decision we'll make much closer to the launch.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. Maybe one question on LS-SAR trial. If you could help set some expectations there, it's a placebo-controlled trial, so did we think a two-point improvement just like a DPN trial would be good enough here? And then the other one is that, are you expecting any adcomm for the pain, acute pain program at this point? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Mohit, let me take the second question first. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are thrilled that Suzetrigine, the submission was not only accepted, but granted priority review. The agency has let us know that they do not plan to hold an adcomm as it stands today, but also as you know, the agency can let us know that they wish to have one at any time between the acceptance of the filing and the actual approval. On the LS-SAR, so that's also a VX-548 trial. That's the trial that has significantly, honestly, far significantly exceeded our projections in terms of enrollment and study completion. We're now expecting that study to finish this year and for us to be able to share results this year. So with regard to this study and how you can think about it, it uses the high dose, so the 69 milligrams from the Phase 2 study of DPN. The big difference between DPN and LS-SAR, is that LS-SAR has no specific therapy approved for the treatment of this kind of radiculopathy pain. And so our Phase 2 trial in LS-SAR is a within group, so it's within arm change of the NPRS score for the LS-SAR  sorry, for the VX-548 group. And equally we'll have the placebo group within group change. And the goal for the LS-SAR study, which frankly was the same goal as the DPN study, is to get a magnitude of the treatment effect, so that we can appropriately power the Phase 3 study. And the reason the DPN study had a pregabalin arm, was because pregabalin is an available therapy for the treatment of DPN. This study, LS-SAR, has a placebo arm because there is no specifically approved therapy for the treatment of LS-SAR. I hope that helps.
Mohit Bansal: Thank you.
Susie Lisa: Chuck, we'll take two more questions, please.
Operator: Yes, ma'am. The next question will come from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just to follow up on Vanzacaftor, maybe you can talk about how you are expecting the rollout there in terms of patient uptake. It's not quite as much of a leap as some of your other therapies are, but nevertheless, like the value there is obvious. Do you expect like a quite quick conversion? Will it happen slowly over time? Do you think the vast majority of patients will switch over? Just curious about what the feedback's been there. Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Stuart, any additional comments to make?
A - Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, just that we are as excited about the Vanzacaftor launch as any of our other CFTR modulators for the reasons I think you were referring to Liisa. It's got a great benefit-risk profile, and I think it is going to as I said earlier, I think it's going to be equally of interest to patients who are on a CFTR modulator today, but would like increased CFTR function as demonstrated by sweat chloride, because these patients know that that is important for their kind of health and well-being. But I think it's also going to be of value to those who've discontinued. So as I said earlier on, I really don't think there's going to be one group or another who are going to be more interested than others. I do think it's something that's going to be broadly of appeal to people. And as I also mentioned, not to forget the fact that it has the benefit of being once daily, which again is an attractive part of a chronic medication. So as I said, we're as excited about the launch of vanza as we have been about any of our other CFTR modulators.
Liisa Bayko: I was just trying to get a sense of the repetitive, like how quickly people might convert over is you're thinking. Do you think it'd be a kind of slow and steady or pretty rapid, your feedback there?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. I mean, certainly the reaction we've had from physicians and patients to the profile has been very enthusiastic. I'm not going to speculate exactly on how rapidly we're going to get transitions and people restarted, Liisa.
Reshma Kewalramani: Liisa, maybe I'll just add one thing if you want to think through it. Patients with CF usually visit their doctors once a quarter. As Stuart said, the patients are very aware of drug development and Vanzacaftor in particular, as are their physicians. And patients have consistently expressed interest in thinking about medicines that may bring them the potential for higher efficacy. I think that that's as far as we can go with regard to timing, but maybe those are pieces of information that are helpful to you.
Liisa Bayko: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hey, guys. Thank you. Great. Two questions for us. On the Alpine product, can you just remind me, I know you guys think it's best-in-class, but how to think about greater reduction in proteinuria versus say, a parent program that wants data in first half of 25. And is it your idea that you have greater reductions and therefore better stabilization of EGFR, or that it also will just be shining through in lupus and other autoimmune diseases for which we'll have to wait for RUBY-3 data? So just maybe talk about and remind us how you think the benefits will be seen on that product. And then really quickly on the acute pain launch. Can you just remind me, on the comments on the No Pain Act, you believe you'll eventually get reimbursement there, but that's more of a CMS exposure population to take that in consideration. And for commercial, that's more about blocking and tackling on formularies and commercial plans. Thank you.
A - Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Mike, I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on No Pain first. I think it was a little hard to hear you, Mike, but I think Stuart, Mike's question is, does the No Pain Act pertain to government-paid patients, and how are you thinking about commercial? And then I'll come back for Pove.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. So No Pain Mike, is looking at the add-on payment to patients who are treated in the outpatient ambulatory surgical center setting. As you said, we were not listed as one of the products, but that is because we're not approved. And so yes, we do anticipate being added to that list once Suzetrigine is approved. In terms of in the Medicare area, maybe you are also thinking of the alternatives to Pain Act, which is looking to level the playing field in terms of things like step therapy and not allowing things like that and utilization management in Part D, and also making sure that there is parity in terms of the co-pay for patients between opioids and non-opioids. In terms of commercial, as you said, that these are less relevant to that. This is really, sort of as you said, blocking and tackling is what we'll be doing in talking to commercial plans.
Reshma Kewalramani: And Mike, on the question on Pove, I think the question was, how should we think about Pove in IgA nephropathy, and then how should we think about it in the other studies? Is it all about proteinuria? So, the way I would think about it is underlying cause of disease and B-cell mediated diseases. We have two Phase 2 studies going on. It was a very clever design by Alpine scientists. There's a RUBY-3, which is a basket of B-cell mediated renal diseases, IgA nephropathy, which is now going to Phase-3 this month. It has lupus nephritis in there, ANCA associated nephritis, as well as membranous. All of these diseases are B-cell mediated diseases. In many of these diseases, proteinuria is important. But I'll tell you, for example, in membranous, PLA2R is a very important biomarker. And in some of the nephritides as you may know, hematuria is very, very important. So I think protein is  proteinuria is clearly very important in IgA nephropathy. And its prominence is elevated because of the FDA's acceptance of proteinuria in IgA nephropathy as an accelerated approval endpoint. But hematuria is important in some. Looking at biomarkers like PLA2R is important in others. And in the RUBY-4 basket, these are B-cell mediated heme diseases. It's really not about proteinuria. It's about other markers of interest, like it could be something like hemoglobin or in the case of ITP, it would be platelets. But the way I would look at it and my enthusiasm for povetacicept is because it is such a good B-cell  it's such a good medicine to tamp down the B-cells, because it's dual inhibition and impacts maturation, proliferation and differentiation of B-cells, and that's where my optimism for B-cell mediated diseases comes from.
Michael Yee: Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yep.
Susie Lisa: Next slide, Chuck. We'll wrap it there, please.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session, as well as our conference call for today. Thank you for attending today's presentation. A replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1-877-344-7529 or 1-412-317-0088 using replay access code 101-86971. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead. 
Susie Lisa: Good evening all. My name is Susie Lisa, and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our first quarter 2024 financial results conference call. On tonight's call making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex' CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer.
 We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex' marketed medicines for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, our pipeline, Vertex' anticipated acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences and Vertex' future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially.
 I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, the impact of foreign exchange is presented inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program.
 I will now turn the call over to Reshma. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening all, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Continuing our strong momentum from 2023, we've kicked off '24 with another quarter of excellent performance across the board.
 Vertex continued to reach more CF patients, delivering $2.7 billion in revenue in Q1, representing 13% growth versus the prior year period. We also began our journey of revenue diversification with the launch of CASGEVY in both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia in multiple regions.
 In our late stage pipeline, we continue to drive programs into Phase III and towards regulatory approval, creating multiple opportunities for both revenue growth and diversification, including: one, completing our regulatory submissions for the vanzacaftor triple in patients with cystic fibrosis 6 years and older in both the U.S. and the EU; initiating the rolling NDA submission for VX-548 or suzetrigine in moderate-to-severe acute pain; three, advancing inaxaplin into the Phase III portion of its pivotal trial in APOL1-mediated kidney disease and expanding the eligible patient population down to age 10; and four, following the successful completion of the end of Phase II regulatory meeting with the FDA, we are on track to initiate the Phase III trials of suzetrigine in painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy in the second half of this year.
 And milestones in our early and mid-stage pipeline matched this pace of progress as we resumed the VX-880 trial in type 1 diabetes; initiated clinical development of VX-407 in polycystic kidney disease; and three, achieve regulatory clearances in multiple regions, including the U.S., and initiated the Phase I/II clinical trial of VX-670 in patients with myotonic dystrophy type 1.
 And of course, we are very excited to expand the Vertex portfolio and team with our definitive agreement to acquire Alpine Immune Sciences announced on April 10. Alpine's lead asset, povetacicept or pove, is a potential best-in-class Phase III-ready molecule for IgA nephropathy or IgAN, a disease with high unmet need. Pove is also a molecule that holds a pipeline in a product potential in a number of other serious autoimmune renal diseases and cytopenias in Phase II development.
 We see the acquisition as just the right fit with just the right assets at just the right phase of development, where Vertex' capabilities can accelerate pove's development in IgAN and other indications. And lastly, Alpine will add protein engineering and immunotherapy expertise to Vertex' capabilities, with particular relevance for our development programs in gentler conditioning for CASGEVY and immune evasion for type 1 diabetes cell therapies. We are excited to begin working with the Alpine team and together, advance pove into Phase III in IgAN later this year.
 With that overview, let me now turn to a more detailed pipeline review. This quarter, I'll limit my comments to the programs with the most significant recent updates: cystic fibrosis, pain, type 1 diabetes and the pending Alpine acquisition. Starting with CF. We are very pleased with the Phase III results of the vanza triple we announced in early February as we continue to advance towards our ultimate goal of bringing all eligible patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride.
 Results from the vanza pivotal program met our high expectations, and were an important milestone in our progress towards this aspiration. Results from the 2 randomized studies in patients 12 and above demonstrated vanza was non-inferior to TRIKAFTA on lung function and superior to TRIKAFTA on sweat chloride, including as measured by the proportion of patients achieving sweat chloride levels below the diagnostic threshold of 60 millimoles per liter and below the carrier level or normal levels of sweat chloride of less than 30 millimoles per liter.
 Included in the pivotal program was the RIDGELINE study in patients 6 to 11 years of age. To underscore the potential impact of vanzacaftor, consider 95% of patients age 6 to 11 in this study achieved sweat chloride levels below the level of diagnosis for cystic fibrosis, and more than half reached sweat chloride levels considered to be in the normal or carrier level range of sweat chloride. We believe these results indicate that vanza could set a new standard in the treatment of CF.
 To round out the profile of the vanzacaftor triple, it's important to note that the therapy also offers the convenience of once-daily dosing and a substantially lower royalty burden. With these results in hand, we've been working rapidly to compile the regulatory marketing applications, and I am pleased to share that we have completed submissions in the U.S. and EU for patients ages 6 years and older ahead of our midyear goal.
 In the U.S., we use one of our priority review vouchers, which, if the filing is accepted, provides an expedited 6-month review versus the standard 10-month review time line. We're also on track to complete submission in the U.K., Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Switzerland by midyear.
 I'll close on CF with VX-522, our CFTR mRNA therapy in development with our partners at Moderna for the treatment of the more than 5,000 people with CF who do not make any CFTR protein, and therefore cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. We continue to enroll in the multiple ascending dose portion of the study and expect data late in 2024 or early 2025.
 Moving to the pain program and suzetrigine, our novel, highly selective NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor. Suzetrigine offers the compelling combination of both strong safety and strong efficacy with the potential to treat moderate to severe pain across multiple settings of care. In acute pain, suzetrigine has secured Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations, and we were very pleased that the FDA granted us a rolling NDA submission. I'm also pleased to share that multiple modules have already been submitted and we are on track to complete the submission this quarter.
 Consistent with our serial innovation strategy, the next asset in our acute pain pipeline is VX-993. We recently received IND clearance for the intravenous formulation of VX-993 and have already started the Phase I trial. We're also planning a VX-993 oral formulation Phase II study in acute pain, which we expect to initiate later this year. Beyond suzetrigine and VX-993, we continue to innovate in the NaV1.8 space and are also making strong progress preclinically with our NaV1.7 pain signal inhibition program that may be used alone or in combination with suzetrigine or other NaV1.8 inhibitors.
 In peripheral neuropathic pain or PNP, we are very pleased with the outcomes from the recently completed end of Phase II meeting with the FDA and are excited to begin the pivotal program for suzetrigine in painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy or DPN in the second half of this year. The program will consist of 2 randomized sister studies of approximately 1,000 patients each, with 3 arms in each study: a suzetrigine 70-milligram arm once daily, a placebo arm and a pregabalin or Lyrica arm.
 The efficacy endpoints are based on the change from baseline to week 12. The primary endpoint is the comparison of suzetrigine versus placebo in the weekly average of the daily pain intensity score or NPRS. The first key secondary endpoint will test for non-inferiority of suzetrigine to pregabalin on the same NPRS pain score, and if successful, we will test for superiority.
 And finally, the second key secondary is quality of life measures versus placebo. In order to evaluate the long-term safety and effectiveness of suzetrigine, a subset of patients completing the 12-week study will have the opportunity to roll into a 52-week open-label extension study. Our goal continues to be a broad peripheral neuropathic pain label.
 And in support of this goal, we're also studying suzetrigine in lumbosacral radiculopathy or LSR, a PNP condition for which there are no specifically indicated or approved treatments. LSR accounts for approximately 40% of all PNP patients, and together with DPN, make up more than 60% of the PNP segment. We are continuing to enroll and dose our Phase II study of suzetrigine in LSR, and I'm pleased to share that the study is on track to complete enrollment by the end of this year.
 Just as we've transformed the treatment of CF, we believe we have the potential to transform the treatment of pain, both acute and neuropathic, and look forward to helping address the unmet need of the tens of millions of Americans suffering with these conditions.
 Turning now to type 1 diabetes. VX-880 is our stem cell-derived, fully differentiated islet cell therapy for patients with T1D and impaired hypoglycemic awareness who suffer from severe hypoglycemic events. I'm pleased to share that after data review by the independent data monitoring committee, the VX-880 study has resumed. Parts A, B and C of the global 17 patient study are fully enrolled, and we expect to complete dosing soon. We look forward to sharing updated data this June at the American Diabetes Association annual meeting.
 VX-264, the next asset in our T1D program, is our cells plus device program. Using the same VX-880 cells, which have already demonstrated efficacy, VX-264 is designed to eliminate the need for immunosuppression by shielding the cells from the immune system in the proprietary device. This Phase I/II study has completed Part A and Part B is underway. Lastly, our hypoimmune program, which aims to evade the immune system by introducing certain edits into the same VX-880 cells, is yet another approach to avoiding the use of immunosuppresses. This program continues to advance in preclinical development.
 I'll conclude with a few comments on povetacicept, the lead asset from our pending acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences. We are excited about the potential of povetacicept across multiple dimensions, including preclinically, with its high affinity and potency against both APRIL and BAFF pathways in preclinical assays as well as high efficacy in cell and animal models of B cell-driven diseases; clinically, with patient data in IgAN through Phase II that look potentially best-in-class; in proteinuria; in hematuria; GFR; and clinical remission; better drug-like properties with direct patient benefit, including once every 4-week dosing, subcutaneously, with low injection volume; a good safety and tolerability profile; the broadest development plan in the field; and a robust IP portfolio.
 Important upcoming pove milestones in the second half of this year include initiation of the Phase III study in IgAN, and readouts from the ongoing RUBY-3 and RUBY-4 basket studies in autoimmune renal diseases and cytopenias, respectively.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Stuart for a commercial overview. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I'll first discuss CF, and then as we're entering a new era of commercial diversification, provide some highlights of the ongoing CASGEVY launch and the outlook for suzetrigine in acute pain. As Reshma noted, we once again delivered strong results in CF as we continue to grow the number of eligible patients receiving our CFTR modulators.
 First quarter year-over-year U.S. growth was driven by continued strong performance of TRIKAFTA, including in patients ages 2 to 5 years old following the approval in this patient population in April of last year. Outside the U.S., we also saw growth this quarter, driven by the rollout of KAFTRIO in the EU in patients ages 2 to 5 following approval in this age group in November 2023, and we will continue to drive access and uptake in more EU countries over the course of the year.
 Our outlook in CF is bright in the short, medium and long term. We will drive growth in the near term by reaching more eligible patients, including younger age groups and additional geographies. For example, we recently received EU approval of KALYDECO in patients between the ages of 1 month up to 4 months old. We also expect regulatory approvals for additional rare genotypes for KAFTRIO in the EU and TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and Canada later this year.
 And Brazil is a good example of a new geography. Up to now, some patients in Brazil have been able to benefit from our CFTR modulators through named patient sales. We recently secured government reimbursement for TRIKAFTA in ages 6 plus and are in the process of launching TRIKAFTA for all eligible patients there. We will then look to drive further CF growth over the medium term with the vanzacaftor triple combination launch, as many existing TRIKAFTA patients may seek to achieve even greater levels of CFTR function with the added convenience of once-daily dosing. And there are also more than 6,000 patients who have discontinued one of our current CFTR modulators, who may be interested in a new treatment option.
 Furthermore, there are 31 additional rare mutations not previously responsive to our other CFTR modulators that are responsive to the vanzacaftor triple. Our launch preparations are well underway, including pre-approval information exchange with payers, and we are both encouraged by our interactions to date and excited by the opportunity to launch our fifth medicine in CF. Longer term, we expect continued growth in CF from our mRNA program, VX-522, for the more than 5,000 people with CF who do not respond to CFTR modulators.
 Now turning to CASGEVY and our launches in sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. We are making strong progress with ATC activation, physician and patient engagement and payer conversations. Enthusiasm from stakeholders is high in all regions, and our teams are working to translate this historic scientific achievement into meaningful patient benefit in the real world.
 Let me provide some insights on the launch with 2 key metrics we are sharing externally as important markers of our early launch progress: the number of activated authorized treatment centers or ATCs, and patient cell collections. Recall that Vertex will recognize revenue for CASGEVY near the end of the patient journey at infusion. Starting with ATC activation. You may recall we are prioritizing approximately 75 ATCs globally and already had 9 ATCs activated at launch, even ahead of knowing the final label or pricing for CASGEVY.
 We are pleased with our progress as we now have more than 25 activated centers, including centers in all regions where CASGEVY is approved. Even more important than the number of ATCs activated is patient initiations and cell collections. Many patients have begun the treatment journey, and as of mid-April, 5 patients already had cells collected. This is excellent progress given the short time frame since approval and the complexity and length of the patient journey. These cells collections have occurred across all regions where CASGEVY is approved: the U.S., Europe and the Middle East.
 We also continue to make great progress with payers, who recognize the transformative clinical benefits of CASGEVY and are moving quickly to provide rapid and equitable access. In the U.S. commercial market, we have contracts and/or published policies in place for over 200 million lives or nearly 65% of total lives. In the government Medicaid sector, we have policies in place or active contract negotiations ongoing with 18 states. And in the meantime, all states have confirmed their intent to provide case-by-case coverage.
 Outside the U.S., we are also making progress with reimbursement and access, either through formal reimbursement agreements or early access programs. In Europe, we see strong traction in France, with a reimbursed early access program in TDT. We're particularly pleased with our progress in the Middle East, which is a new region for Vertex and especially important for CASGEVY given the high prevalence of sickle cell disease in particular, and the government's clear focus on elevating the health of their citizens.
 Since receiving regulatory approvals from KSA and Bahrain, we have worked with local health care authorities and refined our epidemiology estimates for the region. Our work indicates that the eligible 12-plus sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia population in KSA and Bahrain that we could serve is in excess of 23,000 patients, a potentially larger opportunity than even the U.S. These regions have the infrastructure to administer medicines like CASGEVY, given the prevalence of the diseases and relatively high volume of allogeneic stem cell transplants performed annually.
 And importantly, we have already secured reimbursement agreements in KSA and Bahrain, allowing certain eligible patients to access CASGEVY for both sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent thalassemia. In addition to having activated ATCs and collected cells from our first patients in the Middle East, we continue to work with local health care professionals to increase the number of ATCs and expand patient access in the region.
 Shifting now to suzetrigine. We believe this highly selective NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor has the potential to provide a transformative treatment option for the millions of patients suffering from acute and peripheral neuropathic pain. This quarter, I'm going to limit my commercial comments to the opportunity in acute pain. Throughout its clinical trials to date, suzetrigine has shown a compelling combination of efficacy and safety, with strong potential to be used across a range of moderate to severe acute pain conditions, both surgical and nonsurgical, and across a range of settings. This profile will ideally address the clear unmet need among both patients and physicians: effective pain relief with a favorable safety and tolerability profile.
 On prior investor webcasts, we provided details on this opportunity, including the magnitude: approximately 80 million patients are prescribed a medicine for moderate-to-severe acute pain each year in the U.S.; and the high concentration, with approximately 2/3 of patients being treated in the institutional setting. There is further concentration within that setting in approximately 2,000 institutions that roll up to around 150 IDNs. Accordingly, they can be served with a specialty commercial infrastructure.
 We have also detailed the mix of settings for their over 1 billion calendar days of acute pain treatment: 15% are prescribed and dispensed in an institutional setting, 35% are prescribed at discharge and 50% are prescribed in physicians' offices. This quarter, I'll provide you with some insights on our go-to-market strategy and an update on the legislative and payer landscape. We are focused on the institutional setting, given these approximately 2,000 institutions account for 50% of acute pain prescriptions.
 Extensive market research has also helped us identify an initial set of specific acute pain conditions and procedure types with high clinical fit, such as high-volume surgical procedures, pain conditions that typically require prescription pain medicines at discharge, or where we can seek to replace or significantly reduce opioid utilization. And the related physician specialties that are likely to adopt and champion suzetrigine. The key health care professionals we will be targeting include orthopedic, general and plastic surgeons, emergency department physicians, anesthesiologists and pain medicine specialists.
 Given the dynamics for new medicines to be approved for use in institutions, we expect the earliest uptake of suzetrigine will occur at discharge. Recall this discharge segment represents roughly 35% of the approximately 1.1 billion calendar days of acute pain treatment in the U.S. each year. The average prescription length in this setting is approximately 2 weeks. Treatment in this setting commonly includes opioids, where prescription length is shorter, 4 to 5 days, due to side effect profile, addiction concerns and prescribing limits at the state and IDN and hospital level.
 We are already engaging with key decision-makers across the formulary and access landscape, including pharmacists, PBMs, payers, IDNs and GPOs. We expect these stakeholders to make formulary and coverage decisions throughout the first year of the launch, and thus plan to engage in contracting discussions in the second half of this year ahead of launch to support the potential for accelerated formulary adoption.
 We've also made great progress in the build-out of our commercial team. Our field leadership team are now on board and fully trained, and having [ gated ] the hiring of the field force until after the Phase III data, we are now finalizing the hiring of 150 new customer-facing colleagues.
 Finally, we know the significance of policy in the world of pain treatment, with important legislation like the NOPAIN Act already on track for implementation in 2025 and bills like the Alternatives to PAIN Act recently introduced. Our long-standing efforts continue to help shape state and federal policy initiatives to: one, encourage consideration and use of non-opioid alternatives; and two, remove financial barriers to choosing a branded non-opioid. Overall, we plan for a high science, digitally-enabled commercialization approach with a strong focus on population health decision makers. In addition, both patient advocacy and public policy efforts complement and supplement our commercial activities.
 In conclusion, it's an exciting time to be at Vertex. We continue to treat more CF patients around the world and are well advanced in planning for the launch of the vanzacaftor triple combination. We are entering a new era of commercial diversification with the launch of CASGEVY in the U.S., Europe and the Middle East, and our launch preparations for suzetrigine in acute pain are well underway as we seek to fundamentally redefine the treatment of pain and drive further diversified revenue growth.
 I'll now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials. 
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex' excellent start to the year demonstrates once again our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile. First quarter 2024 revenue increased 13% year-over-year to $2.7 billion, with solid growth of 8% in the U.S. and 21% outside the U.S. The drivers of this strong start were in line with our expectations, with some outperformance due to channel inventory phasing in select international markets.
 First quarter U.S. growth was driven by continued strong performance of TRIKAFTA, including in patients ages 2 to 5 following the approval in this patient population in April of last year, partially offset by the typical pattern of seasonally higher gross to net in the first quarter. Outside the U.S., growth was also driven by KAFTRIO 2 to 5 launch, and a benefit from channel inventory phasing is expected to reverse in subsequent quarters, similar to the dynamics we saw in the first half of 2023.
 First quarter 2024 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $1 billion compared to $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2023. Included in Q1 '24 results are $77 million of acquired IPR&D charges compared to $347 million of such charges in the first quarter of 2023.
 Non-GAAP R&D expenses in Q1 '24 were relatively flat year-over-year and reflect growing investment in the advancement of our broad earlier-stage R&D portfolio offset by reduced costs from the recent successful completion of multiple late-stage clinical trials for CASGEVY, vanzacaftor and suzetrigine as well as the associated transition of certain costs from R&D to COGS and inventory.
 The increase in non-GAAP SG&A costs versus Q1 '23 includes investment in the commercial organization and launch activities for CASGEVY and acute pain. We anticipate the quarterly non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses will increase over the remainder of 2024 as we advance inaxaplin into Phase III development in AMKD, initiate the suzetrigine Phase III program in painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy and continue to invest in preparation for upcoming potential new commercial launches, including the further build-out of our suzetrigine team.
 First quarter 2024 non-GAAP operating income was $1.3 billion, a 48% increase compared to $902 million in non-GAAP operating income in the first quarter of 2023. First quarter 2024 non-GAAP effective tax rate of 17.4% compares to 21.3% in Q1 '23 and includes a benefit from a discrete adjustment to Vertex' income tax reserves. First quarter 2024 non-GAAP earnings per share were $4.76, including benefits from revenue and expense phasing as well as a lower tax rate, compared to $3.05 in the first quarter of 2023.
 We ended the quarter with $14.6 billion in cash and investments. We will use a portion of this cash on hand to fund the $4.9 billion acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences, which is expected to close this quarter, subject to certain customary conditions. Alpine is a prime example of our priority for capital deployment: to invest in innovation, including external innovation via business development.
 We see multibillion-dollar potential for Phase III-ready povetacicept given its transformative and best-in-class potential in IgAN, a disease area with high unmet need. We also look forward to exploring pove's full potential in other serious diseases. Additionally, we deployed over $140 million of cash in the first quarter to repurchase 336,000 shares.
 Now switching to guidance. There is no change to our 2024 total product revenue guidance range of $10.55 billion to $10.75 billion, representing revenue growth of 8% at the midpoint at current exchange rates. We have high visibility into this revenue outlook. We expect continued growth in CF as we continue to reach more patients, including younger ones in core markets and select other countries as well as contribution in the second half of the year from the commercial launch of CASGEVY in approved indications and geographies. 
 For total Vertex operating expenses, we continue to project $4.3 billion to $4.4 billion in full year 2024 combined non-GAAP SG&A, R&D and acquired IPR&D. This operating expense range continues to include approximately $125 million in currently anticipated IPR&D charges.
 Upon the close of the Alpine acquisition, we expect Alpine's projected non-GAAP operating expenses for the remainder of 2024 to be absorbed within this guidance range, but note the potential impacts of transaction accounting, including any potential acquired IPR&D charges, will be determined at the time of closing. There's also no change to our full year 2024 non-GAAP effective tax rate guidance range of 20% to 21%.
 In closing, Vertex posted excellent results yet again to start off the year as we delivered strong revenue growth, regulatory approvals and commercial launches. We also strengthened our capabilities in preparation for additional near-term launches, progressed our mid- and earlier-stage pipeline and entered the clinic in our 10th disease area of ADPKD.
 Importantly, we also announced the anticipated acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences, a compelling fit with Vertex' strategy. Post close, we aim to leverage Vertex' clinical, regulatory and commercial capabilities to accelerate development and commercialization of pove. We are targeting approval in IgAN in 2027 and contribution to Vertex' revenue growth and diversification beginning in 2028, leveraging a specialty market approach with attractive margins.
 As we move through 2024, we anticipate further important milestones as detailed on Slide 18 to mark our continued progress in multiple disease areas. Please note that this pipeline slide will not reflect programs from Alpine Immune Sciences until post transaction close.
 We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls, and I'll now ask Susie to begin the Q&A period. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. 
Geoffrey Meacham: I had a few on the filings. So the first question is for vanza. Do you think you guys will get a claim for the sweat chloride benefit? It seems like, obviously, you'll have the Phase III data on the label. I'm just curious what you can do from a regulatory perspective to kind of elevate the sweat chloride benefit. So that's the first question.
 The second one, kind of the same question for 548 in acute pain. Do you think that -- are you guys going to push to make a claim for -- as an option to opioids or to Lyrica? I wondered if the regulatory climate can drive that. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Geoff, this is Reshma. Let me take those questions. On the vanzacaftor triple, if you go back and look at all of the CFTR modulated labels, you'll see that we always have sweat chloride in the labels, and they are reflected because it is indeed a pharmacodynamic or PD marker. So I fully expect that the sweat chloride data from the vanza triple studies will be reflected in the label. Obviously, we are just at the point of having submitted the filing, so we're not at the point of label negotiations yet. But if history serves as a guide, I expect the sweat chloride will absolutely be in the label.
 On VX-548, Geoff, I think your question was about the DPN, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, study, but let me broaden the question about 548 and acute pain because that's the filing that we have already initiated the rolling submission. We've already submitted a few of the modules, and we expect, as I said in my prepared remarks, to complete the filing this quarter. We are submitting all of the data that we generated in acute pain, and the same will be true when it comes to the diabetic peripheral neuropathy data.
 And insofar as the acute pain Phase III results are versus placebo as the primary end point but there are data that have the opioid arm in there, I expect that it will be a discussion with the regulators about how exactly they want to display it. We are not at the point for the acute pain studies to have label negotiations and quite a bit far away from it for the DPN studies, which are just starting Phase III. But I will say that the reason we have a pregabalin arm in the Phase III DPN study is exactly for that reason, for us to be able to share the data with prescribers. 
Geoffrey Meacham: Reshma, just a quick follow-up to that. Just on the alternative to opioids. I mean, obviously, you don't know yet when it comes to the label, but do you think you'll need that to help with Medicare kind of reimbursement? 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. So on the acute pain side, Geoff, I think that the most important data are going to be the primary endpoint data, and I'll ask Stuart to comment on that in a minute. And with regard to securing reimbursement and ensuring that there are no barriers to prescribing a non-opioid, we see that as a very important place for policy. Stuart? 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks, Reshma. So first thing I would say, Geoff, is remember, we are seeking a broad moderate to severe acute pain label so that the product could be used, if the physician decides and the patient wants to, for any type of acute pain, and so we're not really looking for a label that's looking to niches or pre-position us relative to other agents that are out there. We want physicians to have the broadest possible ability to use the product in the patients they see fit.
 As Reshma said, the primary endpoint, which talks to the really strong efficacy we see in moderate-to-severe acute pain, is clearly very important as is all the additional safety and tolerability data that we have to support VX-548 in combination with the fact that given its mechanism, it doesn't have addictive potential. So we're really looking at the full range of efficacy and safety, which I think is going to be the most important thing that's going to allow physicians to decide who they want to prescribe the product for. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Jessica Fye with JPMorgan. 
Jessica Fye: I'm curious. For your various NaV1.8 and 1.7 programs, would you consider advancing maybe another molecule for musculoskeletal pain, perhaps engaging a commercial partner to the extent it's not a Vertexian sales detail? Just curious if you kind of have any thoughts about that, so as to like not leave potential value on the table. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Thanks for that question, Jess. So just to set the stage, we see 3 distinct areas in pain: acute pain, neuropathic pain and then everything else. And in everything else, I would add, musculoskeletal pain. It's the kind of osteoarthritis kind of pain. We fully intend to serve all patients, and I fully do expect that our NaV1.8, and when the time is right, the NaV1.7 or the NaV1.7, 1.8 combinations, our pain assets, will serve patients with musculoskeletal pain.
 And I say that because, as you know, the predecessor molecule to VX-548, VX-150, already demonstrated that potential. But we want to go one step at a time here. So first, we're going to do acute and neuropathic pain, and we see the research development and commercialization is completely Vertexian. And then for the musculoskeletal pain, whether that's with VX-548, the next-in-class medicine, VX-993, or the ones that come after that, again, either NaV1.8 or NaV1.7 alone or in combination, any of those for musculoskeletal pain.
 We will get them to patients, but we will not be commercializing that ourselves because it is a primary care sell. But we do absolutely see value there, and we see a need to help those patients. But one step at a time. First, neuropathic and acute pain, and that, we will do ourselves. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. 
Salveen Richter: Two part here on the acute pain program. With regard to engaging with key decision makers, can you help us to understand the importance of the hospital administrators who are taking into account the legislative tailwinds versus the physician treaters here in the specific verticals that you cited and how they might make -- or work together here to make a decision?
 And my second question is what hospitals really need to make an argument for using it in lieu of opioids, and whether outcomes data is required, be it reduction in recovery room time or lower usage of opioids or rates of addictions being reported? 
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, Salveen. Let me ask Stuart to comment. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Salveen, all of the stakeholders that you described are going to be important in making decisions on the use of a new medicine in the institutional setting. So administrators are certainly going to be important, but as are our physician advocates who are going to advocate based on the efficacy and safety of the medicine.
 And the process is a relatively standardized process. It's not going to be created newly for suzetrigine. This is a standard process that hospitals go through to decide whether they're going to put it on their formulary, and typically go through some sort of P&T committee process where all of the various stakeholders, be it physicians, be it the pharmacy team, be it the administrators, are all going to be making that decision collectively.
 They're particularly interested in the use, obviously, within the institutional setting. Use in the discharge setting is typically something which is a little bit more straightforward, and that's why I suggested in my prepared remarks that we see that as the likely setting where there is going to be the earliest uptake of a medicine like suzetrigine.
 In terms of some of the outcomes data that you were referring to, I think the clearest way of describing is every patient that is treated with suzetrigine when the other choice would have been an opioid is essentially providing opioid-sparing for that patient.
 So that data, in many ways, is kind of already sort of readily available just from the data that we've already shared, and I think that data in addition to all the other efficacy and safety data we've got is going to be pretty impactful and compelling to the various stakeholders we've described. 
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital. 
Evan Seigerman: Love to know if you to provide any additional color on how many patients in the United States have gotten their cells collected, and maybe how we should think about the growth of cell collections in the U.S. going forward. I'm just trying to understand what the trajectory of this could be like this year and next year. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Evan, just to set expectations, we're not going to comment very specifically on patients and exactly where they are in the cell collection process in each region, but I will ask Stuart to give you a little bit of color commentary on what we're seeing.
 And if I was stealing Stuart's thunder, if you really think about when CASGEVY was approved, which is December and January, I am so very pleased that the number of ATCs that are activated around the globe and the number of patients who have already started cell collection. Stuart, is there anything you want to add? 
Stuart Arbuckle: Only that we are expecting the momentum to build based on all of the feedback that we've got and the trends that we're seeing in activations and cell collections, as Reshma said. We're delighted to have had 5 cell collections already.
 As she also mentioned, that represents patients in every region in which we are operating, including obviously, the United States, and we expect those trends to continue to ramp up during the course of 2024, which we've always said was going to be a foundational year for CASGEVY. 
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Bristow with UBS. 
Colin Bristow: Maybe first on the pain pipeline. I see you're advancing 993 to Phase 2. Could you just give us any sort of color or detail on how you expect this to be differentiated? And does this advancement mean you won't be taking 973 forward, which I think also recently completed Phase I? And then if I may, a quick housekeeping one. Any inventory moves in the quarter that we should be aware of? 
Reshma Kewalramani: Colin, let me break that up into 2 questions. One on inventory, which I will ask Charlie to comment on first, and then I'll come back on 993 and 973. 
Charles Wagner: Colin, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that we saw some benefit in the first quarter from phasing of international channel inventory, so I assume that's what you're talking about. That benefit was on the order of $75 million to $100 million in the quarter, and I expect that to begin to reverse in the second quarter. 
Reshma Kewalramani: On 993, 973, Colin, this is all part of serial innovation. 993 is a little bit further ahead than 973 in terms of the preclinical package, the manufacturing and all of the things we need to do to get our medicines ready to go into Phase II. That's why that one is ready to go. 973 is just a little bit further behind.
 What are we looking for in terms of differentiation? There's really 2 major elements other than our overarching serial innovation strategy. But very specifically, one, we are looking for molecules that can be both oral and IV, VX-548 is oral only, because our goal here is to own the waterfront on pain management, including for those patients who may be just coming out of surgery or for other reasons, not able to take by mouth.
 The second big goal here is to ensure that we have medicines with the right drug-like properties that can be therefore combined with the NaV1.7, which is also making good progress in preclinical development. So that's what we're really looking for. And why 993 next? It's because it's a little bit further ahead. And 973, we're going to be working on just as soon as all of the data already there. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. 
Terence Flynn: Great. Maybe a two-part for me as well. I was just wondering if you can give us any insight on a potential presentation venue for the 548 Phase III data. And then the second question relates to CASGEVY. I was just wondering, any directional insight on pricing and reimbursement in the Middle East? 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, on VX-548, fall meetings, shall we say. You should expect more data on 548 with those Phase III results. certainly not only in Congress form but in publications. So I'd say fall meetings. And let me ask Stuart to comment on CASGEVY in the Middle East. It is a really exciting opportunity for us. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, super exciting opportunity for us, Terence, which is why we provide a little bit more color on it. Specifically to answer your question, we don't provide pricing data at an individual country level, but suffice to say, the price we are receiving in the existing reimbursement agreements that we've signed there reflect the transformative value of the product and the lifetime benefits that patients can accrue from it. And that's going to be the same kind of philosophy we're going to have everywhere around the world where we're commercializing CASGEVY. 
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with TD Cowen. 
Philip Nadeau: Two from us. So first on the suzetrigine formulary and access discussions. Stuart, I think you made an interesting comment that you thought enabling reimbursement ahead of opioids in the acute pain setting will be something that government programs could help incentivize it or something to that effect.
 Could you speak a bit more about that? And in particular, are your formulary and access discussions suggesting that in the absence of legislative initiatives, it's likely that 548 will be reimbursed after opioids in the acute pain setting?
 And then second, small commercial question. Can you give us some sense of how big Brazil could be for the CF franchise? 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Phil, I will ask Stuart to comment on both CF in Brazil. You know that we have regulatory approval and reimbursement there as well as formulary discussions on suzetrigine. But just to make sure we are on the same page, the formulary discussions are separate from our discussions with policymakers.
 The common theme is that both of those stakeholders, and frankly, all of the stakeholders are very aware of the opioid crisis. They have high awareness of suzetrigine, and there is enthusiasm to using non-opioids. But those discussions are separate. Over to you, Stuart. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So just to add to that, Reshma, what I would say, Phil, is that the policy initiatives that we've seen so far are really looking at trying to reduce financial disincentives for patients and indeed for institutions to selecting a branded non-opioid in a market which is obviously currently dominated by generic opioids. And so that's why things like NOPAIN, which is providing an additional payment above the DRG in the outpatient and ambulatory surgical center setting, is important there.
 And then on the patient side, the Alternatives to PAIN Act is looking at in Medicare Part D, ensuring that there are no co-pay disadvantages to a patient for using a branded non-opioid in a market where there are already generic opioids. So I'd say that's the kind of the policy landscape.
 Those are kind of slightly different discussions that we're having with the institutions and the stakeholders there, which were much more clinically based on whether this is the right medicine to be using in the patients who are being prescribed and dispensed medicines in the institutional setting. So that's how I would describe the difference between the conversations. They're obviously linked in some ways, but they are -- they have a different focus from the policy side to the institutional side. 
Philip Nadeau: Maybe just a follow-up. The basis for our question is we recently did a survey, and 75% of physicians thought that patients would have to step through a generic opioid. Is that Vertex' expectation as well? 
Stuart Arbuckle: I can't really speculate on exactly what's going to happen with, for instance, 2,000 institutions. But my hope would be that, that's not what's happening. I don't think it's very reasonable to expect a patient to have to step through a therapy which has significant side effect liability, including addictive potential, when there is a product available, which has very good efficacy from a pain control perspective and has an excellent safety and tolerability profile, including lack of addictive potential. So I don't think that would be something that we would -- certainly wouldn't be advocating and I don't think would be particularly medically reasonable.
 I didn't answer the second part of your question, which was around Brazil. We estimate there's around 1,500 patients who are eligible for TRIKAFTA. That's 6 and over in Brazil. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a number of those patients did already have access to TRIKAFTA through named patient sales, but we now have a reimbursement agreement with the national government there, which is going to allow us to launch the medicine and make it available for all of those patients now. 
Operator: The next question will come from Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Olivia Brayer: What's your level of confidence that you'll get priority review in acute pain? And Stuart, I know you've talked about the commercial build-out, but what's your base case for when you'll start to actually see revenue recognition from that program? And just a quick clarification on CASGEVY. Just wanted to clarify that I heard 5 patients have already finished collection versus just having initiated the cell collection process. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Olivia, this is Reshma. Let me take 1 and 3, and then I'll ask Stuart to take the question on where are we exactly with paying commercialization. On number 3, again, just to set expectations on CASGEVY. We're thrilled with the number of ATCs, 25 since approval, which has been in just the last few months, and we commented on the cell collection, but we're not going to comment any further on exactly where each one patient is in their journey.
 On VX-548 and acute pain, 3 things to say. Maybe the most important thing is we'll know whether or not we've received priority review in about -- after we complete the submission, and then it takes some 60 days or so for the FDA to tell us what the final review time lines will be. However, the leading indicators of whether or not we will get priority review are all quite favorable. We have Fast Track status, we have Breakthrough Designation and our conversations with the FDA have shown me that they have high enthusiasm for a medicine that has high efficacy and does not have addictive potential.
 I'll turn it over to Stuart for the question about where are we with the acute pain launch, and when we're going to be out there. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So the recruitment of our teams is going very well. Obviously, we are in the middle of our rolling submission here. Obviously, once we've completed that, we'll get an indication from the regulators on when we could expect our PDUFA date to be, and we are going to be launch ready.
 In terms of the question around revenue recognition, this is unlike CASGEVY, I would say, which has an extended treatment process where revenue recognition is at infusion. This is a small molecule, and therefore, we're going to be kind of selling and distributing it in the normal way. And so there really isn't going to be that kind of lag, I would suggest, around revenue recognition that people are aware of with CASGEVY. 
Operator: Next question will come from Debjit Chattopadhyay with Guggenheim Securities. 
Debjit Chattopadhyay: I got a couple. First on IgAN, when Vertex is ready to launch in IgAN, it's likely Otsuka will have GFR data. How are you thinking about navigating this commercially?
 And then on DM1, with the IND cleared and the Phase I/II underway, do you think myotonia is an approvable endpoint? Or is the agency going to ask for [ splicing ] correction with strength or force measurements? 
Reshma Kewalramani: Debjit, let me take both of those. On DM1 or myotonic dystrophy type 1, we actually haven't had a chance to talk about it extensively. But this is a program that is in Phase I/II in patients. So we are going to have the opportunity in this study to not only assess safety, but to assess efficacy as well. With regard to what the agency might want to see for the endpoint for approval, the real answer is I don't know yet because we haven't gotten to that phase in the clinical trial.
 But your point around, is myotonia possible? Insofar as this is a disease that is a rare disease, a serious disease and one that doesn't have any therapies that target the underlying cause of the disease or very specifically works on the genetic defect, I think that opportunity is there. And I've seen -- and we've seen a lot of openness for accelerated end points in these kinds of rare serious diseases.
 On IgA nephropathy, so the most important thing to know about IgA nephropathy is that it's a serious chronic disease, and this is a disease that over time leads to decline in GFR and end-stage renal disease, death or transplantation. The most important thing that I would be looking at as a nephrologist is efficacy. Because proteinuria is known to translate to GFR and therefore, the decline in renal function, so if we have a medicine that has high reductions in proteinuria, and as I said in my prepared remarks, everything that we've seen from pove, preclinically and clinically through Phase II, is best-in-class across many dimensions, but certainly including efficacy. I think that's the drug that physicians will choose. 
Susie Lisa: One last quick question, please, Chuck. 
Operator: That will come from Ms. Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI. 
Liisa Bayko: So just 2 from me. Just a follow-up on IgA nephropathy. Have you thought any more about how you might highlight having [ BAFF ]? Because in addition to APRIL, I think that's one kind of key differentiator of this program. And just wondering how you're thinking about how you could differentiate on that point. I don't know if there's biopsies or some kind of different points that you could really highlight the potential benefits of BAFF.
 And then just for the -- for CF and TRIKAFTA for the quarter, I noticed you had your price increase yet sales looked slightly down quarter-over-quarter. Can you kind of just describe in the U.S. what's going on? Was there some higher gross to net inventory changes, whatnot? Maybe -- great for some color there. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Let me take the IgAN question first, and then I'll ask Charlie to comment on CF. On IgAN, you are correct in pointing out that it's a dual inhibitor. It's an inhibitor of BAFF as well as APRIL. And this is one of the most attractive features of povetacicept is this dual inhibition. Yes, preclinically, we can certainly share when we have information, and you'll certainly see all of this with the fullness of time, the inhibition of BAFF and the measurement of that, and how we can show that preclinically. We can also do that with APRIL.
 However, I think the data that's more interesting is the clinical data which is already available, and that is with this dual APRIL, BAFF inhibitor on proteinuria, but I'd encourage you to look at the poster from the WCN meeting that Alpine showed. It has proteinuria results, it has hematuria results, it has GFR results, and it has a composite of remission. And I find those data very, very interesting, particularly the hematuria results clinically, because as you know, hematuria is a hallmark of this disease along with proteinuria.
 Let me turn it over to Charlie on the question about CF and U.S. 
Charles Wagner: Yes, Liisa. On the quarter, I wouldn't read too much into sequential quarter fluctuations. We saw strong volume growth in the U.S. year-over-year. As we normally do, we see some seasonal gross to net in the first quarter, and the benefit of the price increase really isn't fully reflected in the quarter that comes throughout the balance of the year. So all of those factors affect the comparison. But overall, very, very strong year-over-year growth in the U.S. and outside the U.S. 
Susie Lisa: Thanks. Chuck? 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as well as our conference call for today. Thank you for attending today's presentation. A replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1 (877) 344-7529 or 1 (412) 317-0088 using replay access code 10186968. Thank you for your time today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa, please go ahead ma'am.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, everyone. My name is Susie Lisa, and as a Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed medicines for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, and beta thalassemia, our pipeline, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, the impact of foreign exchange is presented inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening all, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We've delivered another excellent quarter to finish 2023, established a strong foundation for continued growth, and started off 2024 with tremendous momentum with additional approvals for CASGEVY, positive Phase 3 results for VX-548 in acute pain last week, and positive results for the vanzacaftor triple program in CF, this afternoon. In 2023, Vertex continued to reach more CF patients and achieved full year CF product revenues of $9.87 billion, representing 11% growth versus 2022. Following the historic approvals of CASGEVY, the first-ever CRISPR/Cas9-based therapy, our launch is off and running globally as we are now approved in both sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia in the U.S., Great Britain, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and Bahrain. CASGEVY is a one-time precise durable CRISPR/Cas9 gene-edited therapy that is generating strong enthusiasm from physicians and patients and excellent support from payers. We're also working toward multiple additional near term commercial opportunities driving toward our five launches in five years goal. The recent approvals for CASGEVY in both sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia deliver the first two. Now with the positive Phase 3 results from VX-548 in acute pain and for the vanzacaftor triple therapy in CF, these are potentially the next two, and with a strong clinical-stage pipeline with first-in-class or best-in-class assets, we are well on our way to our goal of five launches by 2028. In addition to the rapidly advancing clinical-stage pipeline, the next wave of innovation also continues to make progress, and as we announced last month, we are pleased to be advancing two new disease areas into the clinic. First, myotonic dystrophy type 1 or DM1, a serious disease with high unmet need and no approved therapies. This disease affects approximately 110,000 patients in North America and Europe. Our DM1 program represents our nineth disease area to advance into the clinic. We already initiated a Phase 1/2 study in patients that is to state a study that will be able to assess both safety and efficacy late last year. And second, we expect to advance into our 10th disease area in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease or ADPKD, the most common genetic kidney disease that affects approximately 250,000 patients in the U.S. and EU alone, into the clinic with a healthy volunteer study in the first half of this year. With that overview, let me now turn to a more detailed pipeline review. This quarter, I will limit my comments to the programs with significant recent updates, cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, beta-thalassemia, and pain, so as to leave time for your questions. Starting with cystic fibrosis and our next-in-class vanzacaftor triple combination therapy. This afternoon we reported positive results from the Phase 3 program, including the SKYLINE 102 and 103 studies in patients 12 years and above, and the RIDGELINE study in patients ages six to 11. We are very pleased with these results and the arc of progress in treating patients with CF, as we continue to advance our ultimate goal of bringing all eligible patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. Treatment with the vanza triple met all primary and secondary endpoints in the three Phase 3 studies, and once again, our proprietary HBE assays were both qualitatively and quantitatively predictive. In the SKYLINE 102 and 103 trials, the vanzacaftor triple combination met its primary endpoint of non-inferiority versus TRIKAFTA on ppFEV1, consistent with our expectations. The difference in ppFEV1 in the TRI and vanza-treated groups was negligible. In SKYLINE 102, the LS mean difference was 0.2, numerically favoring vanza, and meeting non-inferiority with a p-value of less than 0.0001. And in the SKYLINE 103 study, again, the difference in ppFEV1 in the TRI and vanza-treated groups was negligible, and numerically favored vanzacaftor with LS mean difference of 0.2, meeting non-inferiority with a p-value of less than 0.0001. Recall, the improvement in ppFEV1 in treatment-naive patients in the original TRI Phase 3 program was approximately 14%. In addition, all key secondary endpoints were met across SKYLINE 102 and 103, and showed a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in sweat chloride. The sweat chloride results were measured in three key secondary endpoints. First, the overall achieved sweat chloride levels in the two RCTs were lower in the vanza-treated group versus the TRIKAFTA-treated group. The LS mean difference was minus 8.4 with a p-value of less than 0.0001 in SKYLINE 102. The LS mean difference was minus 2.8 with a p-value of 0.0034 in SKYLINE 103. The key difference of course in SKYLINE 102 and 103 was the genotype studied. SKYLINE 102 included [FMF] (ph) patients, who have more severe disease and therefore higher sweat chloride levels at baseline and SKYLINE 103 included FF and other responsive mutations with lower baseline sweat chloride levels. Next, the second key secondary endpoint of proportion of sweat chloride less than 60 mmol pooled across two studies, 86% of patients in the vanza-treated groups and 77% of patients in the TRIKAFTA-treated groups achieved sweat chloride levels below 60 mmol, leading to an odds ratio of 2.21 and a p-value of 0.0001. This means about two times greater likelihood in the odds of achieving sweat chloride less than 60 with vanza versus TRIKAFTA. Last, the third key secondary endpoint of proportion of sweat chloride less than 30 mmol pooled across the two studies, 31% of patients in the vanza-treated groups versus 23% of patients in the TRIKAFTA-treated groups achieved sweat chloride levels below 30 mmol, leading to an odds ratio of 2.87 and a p-value of 0.0001. This means about three times greater likelihood in the odds of achieving sweat chloride less than 30 with vanzacaftor versus TRIKAFTA. The results were even more pronounced in the RIDGELINE study evaluating children ages six to 11. The primary endpoint in the single-arm study was safety, which I will come to in a minute. On efficacy, 95% of patients achieved sweat chloride below 60 mmol, the diagnostic threshold for cystic fibrosis, and more than half reached sweat chloride levels below the carrier level threshold of 30 mmol. These sweat chloride results with the vanza triple are both impressive and important. Let me take a step back to frame the significance of these results. While CF is a systemic multi-organ disease, historically, the focus has been primarily on lung function as measured by ppFEV1, given it is the most visible symptom and typically the cause of death in CF patients. ppFEV1 is also the regulatory enabling endpoint. Given the strides we've made with TRIKAFTA, we believe we may have reached the maximum potential benefit in lung function from CFTR modulators, thus, our objective was vanzacaftor moves beyond the focus on lung function to a broader, more ambitious goal to improve CFTR protein function as measured by lower sweat chloride levels and deliver even greater systemic benefit than TRIKAFTA. To be clear, the goal with the vanza pivotal development program was to show that lung function benefit was non-inferior to TRIKAFTA and over and above that to deliver additional benefit on sweat chloride, the direct marker of CFTR protein function. A note on CFTR protein. CFTR protein dysfunction is the underlying pathophysiology in CF, and while CF is often diagnosed by a genetic test at birth, it is confirmed via a sweat chloride test, because it is the direct measure of CFTR protein dysfunction. Simply put, higher levels of sweat chloride associated with more severe disease. Therefore, the ultimate goal is to restore CFTR protein function as measured by sweat chloride, back to normal or as close to normal as possible so that there is no manifestation of disease. And more specifically, sweat chloride values below 60 mmols are associated with improved outcomes, such as better and more stable lung function, fewer pulmonary exacerbations, better quality of life, and improved survival. Vertex's ultimate treatment goal is to restore sweat chloride levels to below 30, which is considered normal and are typical of CF carriers who do not have the disease, for instance, the parents of children with CF. Thus, our goal in designing the vanzacaftor triple therapy studies was to test if even more patients treated with vanza could achieve those sweat chloride thresholds of less than 60 and less than 30 than those treated with TRIKAFTA. Switching to safety, the vanza triple was generally safe and well-tolerated in all three studies. The adverse events seen in the vanza triple pivotal development program are consistent with the underlying disease and with the incidents and nature of adverse events we have seen with previous CFTR modulators. As a reminder and to round out the profile of the vanzacaftor triple, this therapy offers the convenience of once-daily dosing for patients and a substantially lower royalty burden. In summary, we set a goal to establish a new and higher bar in the treatment of CF with CFTR modulators, and with these Phase 3 vanza triple results, we have the first evidence that we have done so, and with these results, we now know that the vanza triple has indeed surpassed the very high bar set by TRIKAFTA in people with CF, ages six and older. And by treating patients early with the vanza triple, we have the potential to possibly prevent systemic manifestations of CF in more people. These results also reaffirm our conviction that continued investment in scientific and serial innovation will allow us to complete our journey to transform CF by bringing all eligible CF patients down to carrier levels of sweat chloride, where there are no manifestations of disease. I want to acknowledge the CF patients in our clinical trials, who put their trust in us as well as the Vertex San Diego team and the CF R&D teams, some of whom have worked on CF for more than 20 years to deliver yet another potentially transformative medicine. We are working rapidly to compile the regulatory submissions and anticipate filing in both the U.S. and Europe for patients ages six and older by the middle of 2024. We will be using one of our priority review vouchers entitling us to designate the vanza NDA for priority review, which provides an expedited six-month review versus a standard 10-month review timeline. I'll close on CF with VX-522, our CFTR mRNA therapy in development with our partners at Moderna, for the more than 5,000 CF patients who do not make any CFTR protein and therefore cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. Late last year, we completed enrollment in dosing in the single-ascending dose portion of our study for VX-522 and initiated the multiple-ascending dose portion of the study. This study continues to screen, enroll, and dose patients and we expect data late this year or early next. Turning now to CASGEVY, our precise durable CRISPR/Cas9 gene-edited therapy that delivers a potential one-time functional cure for patients with sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia. CASGEVY represents an enormous advancement for the estimated 35,000 people living with severe sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia across the U.S. and Europe, as well as thousands of patients in other regions such as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. CASGEVY represents a significant commercial opportunity as well, and Stuart will discuss the strong start to the launch following the rapid approvals in multiple countries. While these launches are underway, we are awaiting approval in the EU, where CASGEVY has received CHMP positive opinion for both sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. CASGEVY is also under review in Switzerland and we anticipate filing in Canada this quarter. Lastly on CASGEVY, recognizing the importance of treating patients with sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia early in life to minimize organ damage and other complications of the disease, we are conducting studies in both sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia to expand the label to younger age groups. To that end, we recently completed enrollment in our two global Phase 3 studies in patients five to 11 years of age, and dosing in these studies is underway. Moving to the Pain program and VX-548, our novel highly selective NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor. With VX-548, we finally have the possibility of a medicine that has the compelling combination of both strong efficacy and strong safety that can be used for multiple moderate-to-severe pain types across multiple settings of care. Last week, we detailed the positive results from the three Phase 3 trials that comprise our pivotal program for VX-548 in acute pain, including randomized placebo-controlled trials in two different pain models, abdominoplasty, a soft-tissue pain model, and bunionectomy, a hard tissue pain model, and a single-arm safety and effectiveness trial in a broad range of surgical and non-surgical pain conditions. Both the abdominoplasty and bunionectomy RCTs met the primary endpoint with statistically significant improvement in pain compared to placebo on the primary endpoint of SPID48. The SPID48 is derived from a change in the numeric pain rating scale or NPRS. Practicing physicians tell us that in addition to SPID48 they focus on this reduction in the NPRS from baseline and this change in baseline in NPRS score is also how clinical meaningfulness is assessed in the field. In acute post-operative pain studies, clinical meaningfulness is defined by at least a two-point change in NPRS from baseline or at least a 30% reduction in NPRS from baseline. In that context, both RCTs demonstrated that treatment with VX-548 led to rapid, clinically meaningful reductions on the NPRS with more than three points of pain reduction or roughly a 50% reduction from baseline in the VX-548 arms. The single-arm safety and effectiveness trial was conducted in a broad range of surgical and non-surgical pain conditions and supported longer-term safety and effectiveness. VX-548 was safe and well-tolerated across all three studies, including multiple acute pain types and settings. Of importance, with respect to safety in the two RCTs, the incidence of adverse events in the VX-548 arms was lower than placebo, an uncommon and noteworthy finding. We believe the results of this comprehensive Phase 3 program support a broad, moderate-to-severe acute pain label, and if approved, should enable prescribing and usage across multiple care settings. VX-548 has already secured Fast Track and Breakthrough designations and we are working with urgency to file the NDA by mid-2024. Moving now to neuropathic pain. Two months ago, we also reported positive results from our Phase 2 study of VX-548 in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, one type of peripheral neuropathic pain, and another area of high unmet need. We look forward to our end of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA towards the end of this quarter and starting our Phase 3 program thereafter. We also continue to enrol and dose our second Phase 2 neuropathic pain study of VX-548 in lumbosacral radiculopathy or LSR. Ultimately, we seek a broad neuropathic pain label and believe by studying two of the largest pain segments, DPN and LSR, which together represent more than 60% of all peripheral neuropathic pain, we have a pathway to that broad indication. Just as we transform the treatment of CF, we believe we have the potential to transform the treatment of pain, both acute and neuropathic, based on the compelling and consistent results we have seen with VX-548. We now have results in hand from the Phase 3 program in acute pain as well as the Phase 2 results in DPN. We are underway with the Phase 2 study in LSR and we are continuing to execute our portfolio approach of serial innovation. We are well on our way to helping address the unmet need of 90 million patients suffering with pain. With that, I'll now turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. With the recent approvals of CASGEVY in sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent thalassemia in multiple countries and the recent positive results in our pivotal trials for VX-548 in acute pain and for the vanzacaftor triple combination in CF, we are well and truly entering a new era of commercial diversification. As Reshma noted, we delivered strong fourth quarter and full year commercial results in CF. As we continue to grow the number of eligible patients receiving our CFTR modulators, fourth quarter U.S. growth was driven by continued strong performance of TRIKAFTA including in patients ages two to five-years-old, following the approval for these patients in April. Outside the U.S., we saw continued growth from both label expansions and new reimbursement agreements. In the near term, we will continue to focus on reaching more eligible patients including younger age groups, which will provide revenue growth, and then we expect to drive further growth with the vanzacaftor triple combination. Given the positive Phase 3 data we released today that demonstrates a strong benefit-risk profile and the ability to deliver greater restoration of CFTR function than even TRIKAFTA, we believe the vanzacaftor triple combination will be widely welcomed by the CF community, both as a new treatment option for the greater than 6,000 patients who have discontinued one of our current CFTR modulators and as an opportunity for TRIKAFTA patients to achieve even greater levels of CFTR function. Longer term, we see additional growth from our mRNA program, VX-522, that we are developing in partnership with Moderna for the more than 5,000 CF patients with mutations that do not respond to CFTR modulators. In addition, we recently updated our estimates of the number of people living with CF in North America, Europe, and Australia to 92,000 from the previous estimate of 88,000. This increase is in large part due to patients living longer as a result of improvements in CF care, including the advent of CFTR modulators. We expect this trend to continue based on the real-world evidence we have generated on the clinical benefits of CFTR modulators and this will also drive long-term growth. Now, turning to CASGEVY and launches in sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. Enthusiasm from patients, physicians, and payers is very high around the globe and we are focused on translating the scientific and medical innovation that CASGEVY represents into transformative patient benefit in the real-world. In countries where CASGEVY has been approved, our sales, reimbursement, and access teams, as well as patient engagement teams have hit the ground running. Let me provide some insights on the early days of the launch. Starting with physicians. There is tremendous interest in CASGEVY and what it can do for their patients. And we see the impact of that in the rapid activation of authorized treatment centers. Less than two months post-approval, we already have 12 ATCs in the U.S., three in the EU, and one in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia already to receive patients. Reaction from payers has also been very positive. In the U.S., across commercial and government payers, all eligible CASGEVY patients have case-by-case coverage through single-case agreements. We continue to see excellent progress from payers on the development of their formal medical policies and reimbursement pathways. We have a contract in place with Synergy for up to 100 million lives and are actively engaged with other commercial payers to finalize medical policies, which would bring the total percentage of covered lives to over 80%. In the government sector, Medicaid state agencies representing over 60% of sickle cell disease lives have established reimbursement pathways for CASGEVY, with an additional 25% of Medicaid sickle cell disease lives in states actively progressing their reimbursement methodologies. In addition, we're pleased to have received the January approval in the U.S. for CASGEVY for transfusion-dependent thalassemia patients, two and a half months early, and are working to achieve a similarly fast trajectory for gaining reimbursement and access for these patients. Last week, there was an important update by the Biden administration on the CMMI Cell & Gene Therapy access demonstration model, that was originally announced in February of 2023, and was recently accelerated for implementation from 2026 to 2025. We believe the CMMI CGT access model could be an important additional path to access and we now have greater clarity on the scope and process to be employed in the model. The model is intended to provide a comprehensive strategy to address barriers to equitable access to cell and gene therapies for Medicaid beneficiaries, as well as the longstanding inequities of care in the sickle cell disease community. Last week's update also confirmed additional federal funding to support access and included a defined scope of manufacturer-provided fertility support in the model. In recognition that for patients choosing to embark on the treatment journey, the cost of fertility preservation are a barrier to access. In the meantime, we continue to actively engage with state Medicaid agencies to finalize medical policies for CASGEVY, even in advance of the CGT access model to ensure patient access without delay. Outside the U.S., we are pleased that the French National Authority for Health has approved our request for the implementation of an early access program or EAP for TDT patients ages 12 years to 35 years. We are delighted to have secured a path to access and payment in France ahead of a national reimbursement agreement and are also in an EAP review process for sickle cell disease patients. In the U.K., CASGEVY will be reviewed by the Highly Specialized Technology Committee in February and we are advancing our reimbursement discussions in other European countries as well. We also see strong progress in the Middle East, which is especially important for CASGEVY given the high prevalence of these diseases in the region and the government's clear focus on elevating the health of their citizens. We are working with local healthcare authorities in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain to refine our estimates of the exact number of eligible patients, but there are thousands of patients we could serve and we are focused on securing access and reimbursement for them. We have established a local presence in the region, have already activated our first ATC and are working with local healthcare professionals to expand the number of ATCs and establish the required infrastructure to meet patient demand. As we have previously outlined, the CASGEVY patient journey can be broken down into three key phases, each of which can take several months, pre-treatment, cell collection and manufacturing, and then infusion of the edited cells. We are pleased with the early days of what will be a foundational year for CASGEVY, as we work to deliver transformative patient outcomes with the possibility of a lifetime of benefit. We look forward to updating you on the CASGEVY launch over the course of this year. To help track our progress, our expectation is to provide quarterly updates on the number of activated ATCs as well as the number of patients in the cell collection phase. ATCs have begun assessing their patients for the ability to be treated with CASGEVY and we expect that the first commercial patients will start the journey in the coming weeks. Shifting now to VX-548. We are very excited about the potential for this highly selective NaV1.8 inhibitor to provide a transformative treatment option for the millions of patients suffering from acute and peripheral neuropathic pain. This quarter, I will limit my comments to acute pain. As we discussed last week when we share the results from the pivotal program, we are very excited about VX-548's compelling combination of efficacy and safety and the demonstration that it can be used for moderate-to-severe pain across a range of pain conditions, both surgical and non-surgical, and across a range of settings. If approved, VX-548 will be the first of a new class of medicines that inhibit the pain signal and represent the first new class of medicines for acute pain in over 20 years. The reason we're so excited about the potential for VX-548 to positively impact patient care is because we estimate approximately 80 million patients are prescribed a medicine for moderate-to-severe acute pain every year in the U.S., representing over one billion calendar days of treatment. Given this massive patient population, acute pain is a multi-billion dollar market today despite the fact that essentially all prescriptions are generic. We also see upside to this market opportunity given the significant unmet need that stems from the suboptimal benefit-risk profiles of existing agents, such as the limited efficacy but acceptable side effects of NSAIDs or the adverse effects and addiction potential of opioids, all of which leads to suboptimal pain management. What physicians and patients seek is a medicine that combines effective relief of moderate-to-severe pain with a clear safety and tolerability profile, and VX-548 delivers on that profile. We've previously shared our go-to-market strategy and we are now actively recruiting our field force in anticipation of our regulatory filing and approval. The commercial team will focus on the roughly 2,000 hospitals and institutions, where a majority of acute pain patients are seen and prescriptions are written. We continue to see a multi-billion dollar opportunity for VX-548 in acute pain alone. The well-known risks of opioids have led to widespread restrictions and limitations on their use over the years. Increasingly, we are seeing a paradigm shift in policy initiatives across various stakeholders to encourage consideration and use of non-opioid alternatives and to remove financial barriers to choosing a branded non-opioid. As an example, late last month, Congress introduced the Bipartisan Alternatives to Prevent Addiction in the Nation Act or the alternatives to pain Act. If enacted, Medicare Part D plans would be required to set co-pays for non-opioids like VX-548 in line with co-pays for generic opioids, which are typically between [$0] (ph) and $15. The bill would also prohibit Medicare Part D plans from requiring seniors to step through opioids first or requiring prior authorization for non-opioids. In addition, the NOPAIN Act or Non-Opioids Prevent Addiction in the Nation Act, which was enacted in late 2022, provides for an add-on payment for non-opioids in the outpatient and ambulatory surgery center settings, and remains on track to go into effect in 2025. And just recently, seven states, Maine, Massachusetts, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Washington, and West Virginia have pending legislation that would require education on non-opioid options and would remove financial barriers to patient access within state-based health insurance programs like Medicaid. We expect additional states to introduce similar legislation later this year. We believe that these advances in federal and state legislation represent further momentum in Congress and across the U.S. to encourage adoption of and remove any financial barriers to using non-opioid therapies like VX-548. In conclusion, it's an incredibly exciting time at Vertex. We continue to treat more CF patients around the world, and with the vanza triple, now have visibility to provide an option for the patients who have discontinued CFTR modulators as well as the possibility to bring even more patients below diagnostic levels and even to carrier levels of sweat chloride. We're entering a new era of commercial diversification with the launch of CASGEVY, the first-ever gene-edited therapy that brings a potential functional cure to patients with sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia across multiple regions, and we are preparing for additional near-term launches with significant market potential, including VX-548 in acute pain. I'll now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex's excellent results in the fourth quarter of 2023 demonstrate once again our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile. Fourth quarter 2023 revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $2.52 billion and was nicely balanced with revenue growth of 8% in the U.S. and 12% outside the U.S. Full year revenue of $9.87 billion represents 11% growth versus 2022, our nineth consecutive year of at least double-digit growth. Overall, the primary drivers of revenue growth in 2023 were in line with our expectations. Fourth quarter 2023 combined non-GAAP R&D acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $1 billion, compared to $872 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. Included in Q4 '23 results are $18 million of acquired IPR&D charges, compared to $23 million of such charges in the fourth quarter of 2022. Note, that with the approval of CASGEVY in the fourth quarter cost for manufacturing capacity for CASGEVY are now being recorded in cost of goods sold rather than in R&D. Full year 2023 combined non-GAAP R&D acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $4.24 billion compared to $3.07 billion in 2022. Fourth quarter and full year operating expense growth was driven as expected by continued investment in research and our pipeline as we have now advanced assets into the clinic in nine different disease areas. In the fourth quarter and throughout 2023, the most significant areas of increased investment versus prior year included the pivotal studies for VX-548 in acute pain and the vanzacaftor triple in CF, the Phase 1/2 study for Type 1 diabetes as well as the build-out of capabilities for both our expanding pipeline and our anticipated near-term commercial launches. In addition, approximately $400 million of the year-over-year increase in operating expenses was the result of increased AIPR&D costs from new business development. Fourth quarter 2023 non-GAAP operating income was $1.15 billion, consistent with $1.15 billion in non-GAAP operating income in the fourth quarter of 2022. Full year 2023 non-GAAP operating income was $4.37 billion compared to $4.79 billion in 2022. Fourth quarter 2023 effective tax rate of 16.3% reflects an increase in our 2023 U.S. R&D tax credits. This benefit lowered the Q4 rate and brought the full year 2023 effective tax rate to 19.4%, slightly below our guidance range of 20% to 21%. Fourth quarter 2023 non-GAAP earnings per share were $4.20, representing 12% growth compared to $3.76 in the fourth quarter of 2022. Full year 2023 non-GAAP earnings per share were $15.23 compared to $14.88 in 2022. We ended the quarter with $13.7 billion in cash and investments. Our priorities for cash deployment remain unchanged as we continue to prioritize investment in innovation including external innovation via business development. During 2023, we completed 10 transactions and recognized over $500 million of AIPR&D. We also deployed over $400 million to repurchase 1.3 million shares over the course of 2023. Now switching to guidance. For 2024, we expect total product revenue in a range of 10.55% to $10.75 billion, representing revenue growth of 8% at the midpoint at current exchange rates. Included in this outlook is our expectation for continued growth in CF as we continue to reach more patients including younger ones in core markets and select other countries. Guidance also includes contribution from the commercial launch of CASGEVY in approved indications and geographies. We continue to expect a foundational year for CASGEVY in 2024, as we ramp up patient initiations and build toward a multi-billion dollar market opportunity overtime. We are providing total product revenue guidance rather than specifics by disease area or product given the inherent uncertainty of new launches as well as the significant disparity in size of our established CF business relative to other revenues. As a reminder, on the accounting for CASGEVY and the CRISPR profit share arrangement, Vertex will book 100% of revenues for CASGEVY. The profit share with CRISPR calculated after product and commercial costs will be recorded in cost of goods sold. Any ongoing research and development costs will be recorded in operating expenses net of CRISPR's share. For total Vertex operating expenses, we project $4.3 billion to $4.4 billion in full year 2024 combined non-GAAP SG&A, R&D, and acquired IPR&D. This operating expense range includes approximately $125 million in currently anticipated IPR&D charges. We continue to invest a majority of our operating expenses into R&D given the momentum in our multiple mid and late-stage clinical development programs. Note, that the costs for multiple Phase 3 studies have been a significant driver of our growth in our total operating expenses in recent years. Given that a number of Phase 3 studies were completed as we entered 2024, we were able to fund new additional Phase 3 studies without the same rate of growth in operating expenses. While we have substantially completed our commercial investments for CASGEVY, we are also funding the expansion of our commercial capabilities in anticipation of other multi-billion dollar opportunities represented by our programs with near-term launch potential, while continuing to leverage an attractive business model afforded by our focus in specialty markets. With a more normalized impact from U.S. R&D tax credits in 2024, our full year 2024 non-GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 20% to 21%. In closing, Vertex delivered excellent results yet again in 2023, achieving strong revenue growth, important regulatory approvals and commercial launches, and positive pivotal trial results that will enable additional near-term launches. We also made progress in our earlier-stage pipeline with proof-of-concept for VX-548 in neuropathic pain and anticipated advancement of two additional disease areas into the clinic. We also made substantial investments behind our programs and commercial capabilities for near-term launches. As we head into 2024, we anticipate further important milestones as highlighted on Slide 20 to mark our continued progress in multiple disease areas. We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls, and I'll ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Charlie. Just to note, given the multiple positive updates this quarter, and thus the longer duration of our prepared remarks, we plan to go to about 5:40 this evening, so it's allowed 30 minutes for your questions. Chuck, please go ahead and assemble the queue.
Operator: Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Ms. Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the data. Two questions from me. One is, with regard to the initial patient you'll be targeting with the next-generation CF program, could you just elaborate whether it's switch patients or patients who have discontinued naive patients here and where you anticipate the most demand? And then secondly, on the CASGEVY launch, in light of the Innovation Cell & Gene Therapy access demonstration model, how do you work that into the launch at this point? And is there an overhang as you have to determine how these outcome-based agreements may play out? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks, Salveen. Let me turn it over to Stuart for both the question on vanza commercialization and on the CASGEVY launch with the focus on the CMMI question.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Salveen. So in answer to your first question on vanzacaftor, the answer is both. I think vanzacaftor is going to be an attractive treatment option, both for patients who currently being treated, who might want superior control of their CFTR function, because both patients and physicians know that CFTR function and dysfunction is the underlying cause of CF, and so if you can further improved CFTR function, you're going get better clinical outcomes down the line. So I think we're going to see interest from those who are currently being treated, but I also think we're going to see a lot of interest from patients who previously discontinued one of our CFTR modulators given the profile that we've demonstrated today. And then on CASGEVY, a couple of comments really. The first one I would make is, we're very excited about the demo and the opportunity to work with CMS for those states who are interested in working with CMS and are interested in outcomes-based agreements. I don't particularly see that being a delay for a couple of reasons. One, we're already working with many state Medicaid agencies. We're not waiting for the demo before we secure access for patients who are covered by Medicaid. And then secondly, in terms of do I think it's going to be complex and be a delay to negotiate outcomes-based agreements? I don't really. If you look at the profile of CASGEVY, it is so incredibly strong that really we're talking about an outcomes-based agreement, which is looking at whether a very, very small number of patients may not respond, and so I don't think it's an outcomes-based agreement where there's lots of uncertainty and difficulty with outcomes and metrics and endpoints, so I don't expect that to be particularly challenging.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for the question and congrats on the data. On vanza, I just have a couple of questions, can you follow SKYLINE or RIDGELINE in an extension? I'm just trying to think if you can pick-up more differentiation versus TRIKAFTA, just in terms of maybe exacerbations or measuring pancreatic efficiency over a longer period. I guess ultimately, where I'm going is that, sweat chloride isn't regularly used in the clinic for treatment decisions, so I'm trying to see rationale for maybe switching a patient away from TRIKAFTA if they are stable. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Geoff. This is Reshma. Let me take that one. When we think about the patients who were enrolled in both the SKYLINE trials for the 12-year-old and above and the RIDGELINE patients, six to 11, there are already extension studies, so those patients have the opportunity to roll over into open-label extension studies, just like we did with TRIKAFTA. And I do suspect you're right about the ability to evaluate and document the overall improvements in patients with CF lives over time. And just to give you a sense for what I'm looking at and why I say that, if you look in the safety table that were one of the slides, unsurprisingly, the most common or one of the most common AEs in this patient population is pulmonary exacerbation. And if you look, there are less pulmonary exacerbations numerically in those safety table in the patients on vanza than the patients who are on TRIKAFTA, and TRIKAFTA is an amazing drug that is already documented improvements in pulmonary exacerbation and other longer-term outcomes. So, I do think you're very correct that we will be able to pick up these long-term outcomes as these patients are followed in the open-label extension studies and then as they are followed in registries and we are very fortunate in CF that the registries already exist and the vast majority of patients with cystic fibrosis are followed in registries.
Geoff Meacham: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. Just following up on Geoff's question, so how commonly doctors check sweat chloride levels as part of -- I know it's for diagnostic purposes, but do they check it for -- retest it for prescribing [indiscernible] or it is something that you have to educate these doctors on that? And then my follow-up is actually on the COGS for Charlie, cost of goods sold. As you think about 2024 or what happened in fourth quarter, was it a one-time movement from R&D to COGS, which drove it or it is something that we need to continue modeling going forward? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, Mohit, let me ask Charlie to tackle the COGS question first and I'll come back and tell you about sweat chloride and clinical practice.
Charle Wagner: Yes, Mohit, in the fourth quarter because CASGEVY was approved in the U.S., we started treating it as a commercial product, and therefore, we took some of the manufacturing costs that previously had been recorded in R&D and moved them up to cost of goods sold. Those manufacturing costs will remain in cost of goods sold going forward.
Reshma Kewalramani: Mohit, with regard to sweat chloride measurement in clinical practice, you are very correct. In terms of diagnosis, patients in the Western world are diagnosed by a gene test, a genetic test, when -- oftentimes when patients are born or when people are born, and then that's confirmed with a sweat chloride test. If the number is above 60, that's a diagnosis of CF. If it's between 30 mmol and 60 mmol for sweat chloride, that's indeterminate. And if it's less than 30, that is not diagnosed as CF. This is not a metric. Sweat chloride is not a measure that's followed routinely in clinical practice, but what physicians understand very well, especially pulmonologists who are CF experts is that, the underlying cause of disease in CF is dysfunction of the CFTR protein, that's very well-understood. And further, that a direct read-out of that CFTR protein function is sweat chloride. So I think the concepts are very well-understood, but sweat chloride, other than the diagnosis is not a commonly used test in the clinic.
Mohit Bansal: Got it.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon, [members] (ph) and our congratulations on another positive pivotal program. One on sweat chloride and then one actually on the pain data that you released last week. First on the sweat chloride. It does look like TRIKAFTA gets a decent proportion of patients to below 60 mmol per liter and below 30 mmol per liter, do you have data following the patients who've been on TRIKAFTA for a long time to show better outcomes for those TRIKAFTA patients who get to low levels of sweat chloride, which then presumably you could extrapolate to the vanza triple and show a higher proportion of patients would have good outcomes. That's first question. And then the second question on the pain data released last week, it does seem like the bunionectomy Phase 2 trial underperformed the Phase 2's previously released as well as the abdominoplasty Phase 3 released last week, was there anything different about that trial, which would have caused 548 to act less potently there than it had in the prior studies? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Phil, let me take bunionectomy, abdominoplasty, VX-548 first and then we'll come back to sweat chloride. You know what I actually find remarkable, Phil, is the -- how consistently 458 has performed. That to me is more striking than the smaller differences in bunionectomy read-out Phase 2 to Phase 3 or across from bunionectomy to abdominoplasty. So if I look at the totality of the VX-548 evidence and it's easy enough to do because the structure of the study design was very similar in Phase 2 and Phase 3 and we have the same dose, the high dose from Phase 2, you will see that bunionectomy and abdominoplasty performed virtually identically, like -- the SPID48 was something like 40 points or something like that, I think that was the actual number. And then when you move to Phase 3, again positive studies against placebo. In the grand scheme of things, this is remarkable, because as you know, the conduct of clinical trials in the pain field is notoriously difficult. Placebo effects move around significantly. The effect of any comparator group moves around significantly. So when I look at the totality of the data and for me that means looking at the data from Phase 2 to Phase 3, and it also means looking at the SPID48, let's focus on bunionectomy in bunionectomy and connecting that with the NPRS. Remember the NPRS is the actual score that feeds the SPID48, which is an integration of NPRS over time. So if you look at the NPRS data, the decrease in the NPRS is 3.4 points in bunionectomy, it's 3.4 points in abdominoplasty start to hour 48, and it's about a 50% decrease in terms of the relative decrease. And when you look at that in comparison to Norco, the opioid we used in the trial, that number is 3.2 in abdominoplasty, 3.6 in bunionectomy, and it's approximately a 50% reduction in terms of the relative change. So I put that all together and I see quite a bit of consistency and very good therapeutic effectiveness and efficacy. On sweat chloride, so it's a really, really great question. In order to sort of really understand this you have to triangulate a couple of different data points, one data point is around just the natural history and the genetics of this disease. So, take for example, patients who are FMS versus those who are FRF. FMS patients have very high sweat chloride and have more severe disease. FRF patients, the residual function patients have relatively better sweat chloride levels and relatively less severe disease, that's one set of data. And then to your point, if you look at interventional data, the data that we have the greatest reduction in ppFEV1, sweat chloride, and long term evidence is TRIKAFTA. And if you compare that to KALYDECO for example, you can see where TRIKAFTA does even better than KALYDECO, and the best example I can give you is on rate of decline. The TRIKAFTA real-world data on rate of decline shows, there is no decline. And until we got the TRIKAFTA what we could show is, we slowed the rate of decline. And so, I have every reason in the world to believe as the vanzacaftor triple is used over a longer time point and we get CFTR protein function to higher levels, and the vanza triple has given us the best highest achieved CFTR protein levels, I do think we're going to see long-term benefit. And yes, you can do all of that math and triangulation from the available data.
Phil Nadeau: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, thank you. So, commercialization, I know it's really hard switching from one drug to the next, can you walk me through switching from TRIKAFTA to the next drug? And like, given that people are stable, their lung punctures are great, how would you think about -- what motivates commercial, Europe as well as U.S., to allow people to stay on drug and like move to next-generation drug? And I think I'm coming from the point of, like I remember from a long time ago that people had a hard time switching from one drug to the other, and I want to understand like more -- like how you actually help people, help commercial organization switch from one to the next?
Reshma Kewalramani: Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Robyn. Thanks. So I must confess, our experience is a little bit different to that. We've seen very rapid transitions from medicines as we've serially innovated and delivered better and better medicines, and even, for instance, when we introduced TRIKAFTA and patients who had been on KALYDECO for instance for a very long time, and obviously, KALYDECO had set a very, very high bar for efficacy, we did see rapid adoption with TRIKAFTA even in those patients given that it had a clear benefit-risk profile. So, I think we've seen relatively rapid transitions for our medicines as we've serially innovated. And interestingly, the design of the study actually gives a proof for the fact that patients can effectively transition from TRIKAFTA to vanzacaftor because as Reshma mentioned in her remarks, the design of the study was to have people stable on four weeks of TRIKAFTA therapy to establish a baseline, and they were then randomized to either continue on TRIKAFTA or transition to vanzacaftor. So we have within the study real-world evidence of people being able to transition. And then you asked me, what do I think is going to motivate people to want to consider the vanzacaftor triple combination? I think it's the benefit-risk profile that we've been able to demonstrate here with achieving higher levels of sweat chloride reduction and with any of our previous medicines, including now TRIKAFTA, and the fact that this is a once-a-day therapy. So as I've said a number of times, I think with this profile we're going to see a lot of enthusiasm from the CF community.
Robyn Karnauskas: So follow-up question for you is, what about the payers of the governments in Europe, do they believe in like, you've had very stable levels of lung function with TRIKAFTA, do you think that people focus on like that or do they need more data moving forward?
Stuart Arbuckle: Well, I mean, I think we've had a long track of working with payers on cystic fibrosis for kind of well over a decade now, so I think there's a significant amount of understanding about the disease. Obviously, we'll be presenting the data to vanzacaftor to payers in a compliant manner at the right time. The one other thing I would note about the vanzacaftor triple combination, is it's likely to be indicated for a very similar population of patients to TRIKAFTA, which I do think is going to make this launch from a payer perspective a bit different to previous launches as you will recall, because you've been on this journey with us for a while. When we launched ORKAMBI, we were moving from kind of single-digit numbers of eligible patients to a medicine that could potentially treat up to 50% of CF patients. When we then brought TRIKAFA forward, we're moving it towards being able to treat 90% of patients. Vanza is going to likely have a very similar label to TRIKAFTA and so it's not likely to be as scary I would suggest to payers in terms of a big budget impact here.
Robyn Karnauskas: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jessica Fye with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Great. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Can you set expectations around how you see the cadence of patients initiating the CASGEVY journey for us? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: First thing, Stuart.
Jessica Fye: Yes, Jess. So I think we've described the patient journey for CASGEVY, it has kind of these multiple phases from patients being evaluated by their physician and deciding with their physician that this is a journey that they want to go on. You then have to go through the cell [Technical Difficulty] manufacturing process and then the cells are infused, each of those steps can take a number of months. And as you know, we've said that we'll be recognizing revenue at the point of infusion. So in contrast to our cystic fibrosis launches, which have really seen incredibly rapid uptake, we have said that we are expecting this launch to be more like a traditional biopharma launch, but we are expecting this -- and we have said, we are expecting this to be a foundational year for us as we build momentum around CASGEVY. Having said that, in terms of the destination, we continue to believe the destination for CASGEVY is going to be used in thousands of patients and represents a multi-billion dollar opportunity.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys, thank you so much for taking my question. I know there's a lot on the vanza triple, but kind of -- can you maybe walk us through some of the clinical considerations as you would get to maybe have a physician switch patient? And then thinking about kind of potential TRIKAFTA [indiscernible] returning on drug, what does that conversation look like? And I guess maybe more specifically, why would a patient discontinue TRIKAFTA and why would they want to reinitiate with the vanza triple? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Evan, I think Stuart has talked about this and maybe I'll shorthand it by saying, we have the approximately 6,000 patients who are in the system, they are known to have CF. They're seen by a CF provider. They used to be on TRIKAFTA, so they're not lost. They simply have discontinued it either because of an adverse event or perhaps because of compliance [Technical Difficulty] vanza is of course once today. So we see those 6,000 patients potentially coming back and the short version of the conversation would be, they're coming to see their doctor. Usually, CF patients are seen by their doctor once a quarter. So when they return the conversation might be something like if and when vanza is approved, there is a new drug, it has this safety, it has this efficacy, do you want to try it, you had tried a medicine before, this is a new one, and the doctor and patient would have a communication about that. So the patients who are already on TRIKAFTA and are doing well, I suspect it's going to be just like it was from SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI to TRIKAFTA or from KALYDECO to TRIKAFTA. Our CF patients are very educated patients. They know what clinical trials are going on. They know what potential medicines might be coming down the pipe and they are interested in being treated with the most effective medicine, the medicine with the best benefit-risk. And they do this because it is a disease that starts at birth and is with them their entire life. Now with the life expectancy based on modeled data being in the [ADs] (ph), I do think the idea is that we can get patients to as close to normal as possible, at least we're on that journey with vanza is an attractive option for physicians and patients. And I suspect that's what that conversation is going to be about.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Chris Raymond: Great. Thanks, and congrats from us as well in the data. Just two questions if possible. First, maybe on CASGEVY. We've got some physician feedback that -- of course, access is a barrier to uptake. But maybe a surprise that we got from some of the questions we've asked is the transplant center capacity and prioritization of non-oncology patients is also sort of a consideration. Just curious as you activate these ATCs, maybe talk about transplant capacity, does this factor into the discussions as you're activating the sites? And then maybe on vanzacaftor, I know you guys have described the royalty differential. I think TRIKAFTA is in the low-double-digits and you've described vanzacaftor as down in the single-digits, but are there plans to put some guardrails around this leverage improvement as you get closer to launch of the vanza triple? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: I'm sorry, Chris, I didn't follow the question on the vanza triple, I got you on CASGEVY, is it about the royalty?
Chris Raymond: Yes, sorry. On vanza -- just on the leverage and the royalty differential. I think you guys described the difference, but are there plans to put guardrails around that leverage as people model that?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Let me take CASGEVY quickly, turn it over to Stuart, and then we'll just do one minute real quick with Charlie and he will tell you about the royalty structure for vanza. Real quickly on CASGEVY, we have not heard of there being a center capacity issue. And honestly, we have not heard about challenges for reimbursement. We've actually had very positive reception from payers, but I'll turn it over to Stuart to make a quick comment on activation and his perspective.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. And -- we're making great progress, Chris, I would say, activating authorized treatment centers just here in the U.S. We're now up to 12 and I don't think those centers would be going through the efforts of becoming an activated treatment center if they weren't fully intending to treat patients with CASGEVY. And then as Reshma said, the reaction we've had from payers has been really positive. I think they are incredibly impressed with the clinical data. They are well aware of the unmet need in sickle cell disease and indeed transfusion-dependent thalassemia and the burden that places on patients and indeed the healthcare system. They like the label that we've got and they like our value-based pricing. So I've been very encouraged by the conversations we've been having with payers and I'm fully expecting us to be able to secure great access for sickle cell disease and TDT patients.
Reshma Kewalramani: Charlie, a word on royalties.
Charle Wagner: Yes, just briefly on the royalties. Chris, the blended royalty rate on our current CF portfolio is just under 10% and so high-single-digits call it, and we expect with the vanza triple that that royalty burden will be meaningfully lower in the single-digits. No additional color to add today. And then, of course, if you want to model the impact of that, you have to factor in the rate of switching from TRI and other medicines again. So as we get closer to commercialization we'll have more to say.
Chris Raymond: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Bristow with UBS. Please go ahead.
Colin Bristow: Hey, good evening, and congrats on all the data. Maybe first on vanza triplet, can you say if there any cases of AST or ALT elevations greater than three or five times the upper limit of normal? And then just secondly, I see that you've now three follow-on pain assets in the clinic, 993, 973, and 708, could you just give us more color on how you expect them to be differentiated and just elaborate a bit more on the strategy from here? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Colin, quickly on LFT elevations with the vanzacaftor triple as with all of the CFTR modulators, there are some elevations in LFTs. They are approximately the same with the vanzacaftor triple as with TRIKAFTA. On the pain program, Colin, this is exactly what you saw us do in CF, and frankly, what you should expect from us across the portfolio. And that is to say, a portfolio approach to every disease in our sandbox, if there is any way to improve on our assets. We aim to be the ones who do so. So a couple of examples of what we're doing with 993 for example. 993 is a medicine that may be able to be dosed both oral and IV and we're pursuing both. We believe that there is a real opportunity here for a patient to come into the hospital and have 993, one of our NaV1.8 inhibitors, be the medicine that they get for pain relief, let's say, interoperatively and then when they can take by mouth, then they can switch to 548, 993 as an example. Another example that we're working on, you know that we also have a pipeline of NaV1.7 inhibitors. Those are still in preclinical development, but they are making good progress. So one of the other elements, we're working on is formulations in terms of drug-drug interactions and the possibility to combine. So NaV1.7 could be a molecule as a single-agent therapy or it could also be a therapy in combination with NaV1.8 that's kind of a sense for what we're doing with our follow-on approach.
Susie Lisa: Chuck, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Yes ma'am. Our last question for the evening will come from Myles Minter with William Blair. Please go-ahead.
Myles Minter: Hi, thanks for sneaking me in. You just mentioned in the first commercial patients on CASGEVY expected to start the journey in the coming weeks. Can you clarify what geographies they are in? And do you have a sense of how many patients you screened out at those ATCs to identify those first patients? Thanks very much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hey, Myles, we're not going to comment in detail on the first patients, but as Stuart said in his prepared remarks, we're expecting our first patient shortly.
Myles Minter: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as well as our conference call for today. I want to thank everyone for attending today's presentation. A replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1-877-344-7529 or 1-412-317-0088, using replay access code 10178829. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Susie Lisa: Good evening all. My name is Susie Lisa, and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our third quarter 2023 financial results conference call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer, and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subjects to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed cystic fibrosis medicines, our pipeline, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, the impact of foreign exchange is presented inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. I'll now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening all, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We've delivered another strong quarter and continue to drive execution across the company. By reaching more CF patients, third quarter global product revenue grew 6% versus the prior year period and we are raising full year 2023 CF product revenue guidance to approximately $9.85 billion. We are delivering on our marketed medicines in CF, while simultaneously preparing for commercial excellence in multiple areas ahead of our potential near-term launches, including exa-cel in both severe sickle cell disease and transfusion dependent beta thalassemia, VX-548 for acute pain and longer term in peripheral neuropathic pain, and our vanzacaftor triple combination therapy for cystic fibrosis. Most notably, we are tracking towards an exa-cel PDUFA date for sickle cell disease on December 8th of this year and for TDT on March 30th of next year, with global regulatory reviews also underway in Europe and the UK. Phase 3 pivotal trial readouts in early 2024 from both our vanzacaftor triple NCF and our VX-548 program in acute pain, a Phase 2 trial readout by year end 2023 from our VX-548 trial in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and completion of enrollment in the Phase 2 portion of the VX-147 Phase 2/3 program in AMKD later this year. With that overview, let me now turn to a pipeline update, starting with cystic fibrosis. For our next in class vanzacaftor triple combination therapy, we remain on track to complete all three Phase 3 studies, SKYLINE 102 and SKYLINE 103 in patients ages 12 years and above and the RIDGELINE study in patients ages 6 to 11 by the end of 2023 and share results from these three pivotal studies in early 2024. We have high expectations that the vanzacaftor triple combination can deliver greater improvements in CFTR function than TRIKAFTA based upon the totality of evidence generated to date, including in vitro from our HBE assays and in Phase 2 studies. The vanzacaftor triple holds the potential for enhanced clinical benefit versus TRIKAFTA for patients and the convenience of once daily dosing. It also carries a substantially lower royalty burden. In addition, we continue to make progress with another important program in our CF portfolio, VX-522, our CFTR mRNA therapy in development with our partners at Moderna for the more than 5,000 CF patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. We continue to expect to complete the single ascending dose portion and initiate the multiple ascending dose portion of this study by the end of the year. Turning now to exa-cel, our CRISPR/Cas9 based gene editing program for sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia. This program holds the potential to be a one-time functional cure for these debilitating and life-shortening diseases. Exa-cel represents an enormous advancement for the estimated 32,000 people living with severe sickle cell disease and transfusion dependent beta thalassemia across the U.S. and Europe. It is a large commercial opportunity. On the regulatory front in the U.S., we were very pleased to have had the chance to discuss the exa-cel filing with members of the FDA advisory committee last week, and to hear the very compelling stories from patients. The meeting represented a significant milestone for Vertex and the first potential CRISPR/Cas9-based therapeutic. We look forward to our upcoming PDUFA date and to the potential of bringing this precise, durable gene editing therapy to patients. Internationally, in both the UK and the EU, we are also well into the regulatory review process and expect regulatory decisions in these jurisdictions in the coming months. In addition, we recently submitted a marketing authorization application for exa-cel to the Saudi Food and Drug Authority, or SFDA. I am pleased to share that exa-cel is the first medicine ever to receive breakthrough designation by the SFDA, reflecting both the high unmet need and the high enthusiasm for exa-cel in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. We look forward to updating you in the coming months. Moving on to the pain program and VX-548, our novel, highly selective NaV1.8 inhibitor that holds the promise for effective pain relief without the side effects or addictive properties of opioids and therefore represents a significant commercial opportunity in both acute and neuropathic pain. The pace of the Phase 3 program in acute pain has been rapid, which we see as an indication of the high unmet need and strong patient and physician interest in an efficacious non-opioid acute pain therapy. We have completed the randomized control trial in abdominoplasty. The RCT in bunionectomy and a single-arm safety and efficacy study remain on track to complete by the end of this year. As previously discussed, we will unblind, analyze, and share results on all three studies at the same time, and we expect to do so in early 2024. This comprehensive Phase 3 program has been designed to support a broad, moderate to severe acute pain label, and to enable prescribing and usage across multiple care settings. We're also studying VX-548 in peripheral neuropathic pain, or PNP, yet another area of high-end met need. Recall, we previously demonstrated positive proof-of-concept with the predecessor molecule, VX-150 in neuropathic pain. In diabetic peripheral neuropathy or DPN, I am pleased to share that we have completed our Phase 2 12-week dose-ranging proof-of-concept study. We anticipate sharing the results from this Phase 2 trial by the end of this year. As we await the DPN results, we are excited to initiate a second Phase 2 peripheral neuropathic pain study of VX-548 by the end of the year in lumbosacral radiculopathy or LSR. It's a type of neuropathic pain caused by the impairment of nerve roots in the area of the lumbar spine. Given the limited therapeutic options, the significant opportunity to serve a large number of patients and the promise that the NaV1.8 mechanism holds, we are excited to pursue the potential of VX5-48 in each of these neuropathic pain types. Next, on to type 1 diabetes, where we are evaluating stem cell derived, fully differentiated, insulin producing islet cells for people with type 1 diabetes. Our goal is to develop a potential one-time functional cure for the millions of people living with type 1 diabetes, including the more than 2.5 million patients in North America and Europe alone. The VX-880 or naked cell program, where we have already established proof-of-concept is foundational to the type 1 diabetes program as a whole. Here, patients take standard immunosuppressants to protect the islet cells from the immune system. At EASD last month, we presented positive updated clinical data from all patients in Parts A and B of the VX-880 study. With regard to study status, Part C of the study, which administers the full target dose with concurrent dosing is now fully enrolled. Our second program, VX-264, or the cells + device program, encapsulates these same cells in a proprietary immunoprotective device and hence there is no requirement for immunosuppressants. We have begun enrollment and dosing in Part A of the VX-264 study. And finally, our third program, still in the research stage is our hypoimmune cells, in which we edit the same fully differentiated cells so as to obviate the need for immunosuppressants. Transitioning now to inaxaplin or VX147, the first potential medicine to target the underlying cause of APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD. The inaxaplin pivotal program for Patients with AMKD is a single adaptive Phase 2/3 study with a pathway to accelerated approval in the U.S. The Phase 2b, dose ranging portion of the study, continues to enroll in dose patients, and we expect a complete enrollment by the end of this year. We now expect to select a dose and move to Phase 3 of the study in Q1 of 2024. Now turning to alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or AATD. We have discontinued development of VX-864 due to non-serious rash events in some patients in the Phase 2 program. Our next generation molecules, VX-634 and VX-668, both have greater potency and better drug-like properties and are both in Phase 1 clinical trials. These trials continue to enroll and dose healthy volunteers. We look forward to sharing more on AATD, including next steps, as we learn more in the coming months. With that, I'll turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I will focus my remarks tonight on CF, exa-cel, and pain. We delivered strong third quarter commercial results with CF product revenue growing 6% globally versus the prior year, as we continue to reach patients in younger age groups as a result of new regulatory approvals and via new reimbursement agreements. Our strategy in CF has always been to develop medicines for all people living with CF and to serially innovate to deliver increased clinical benefit. We will continue to execute near term with a focus on younger age groups. And then our goal is to drive growth over the medium term with the vanzacaftor triple combination and longer term with our mRNA program, VX-522, that we are developing in partnership with Moderna. Now turning to exa-cel, our next targeted launch and potential multi-billion dollar opportunity. This quarter I will provide some insights as to launch readiness ahead of potential near-term regulatory approvals, and then detail the patient journey. In the U.S. and Europe, we've previously highlighted that there are approximately 32,000 eligible patients with severe disease, 25,000 with sickle cell disease, and 7,000 with beta thalassemia. The majority of sickle cell disease patients are in the U.S., while the majority of TDT patients are in Europe. Within Europe, approximately 75% of all eligible patients live in four countries, the U.K., France, Italy, and Germany. Italy has by far the highest prevalence of eligible TDT patients, while France and the UK represent the majority of eligible patients with sickle cell disease. In the US and Europe, we are on track with our globally enabled supply network and launch preparations with authorized treatment centers and payers, including our recently completed application for a new technology add-on payment, or NTAP, for Medicare patients in the U.S. In addition, Reshma mentioned our exa-cel MAA submission in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or KSA. Our team is engaging with the Saudi health authorities and working on the processes to support ATC activation, access and reimbursement with the aim of bringing exa-cel to the thousands of patients with severe disease in KSA. We look forward to providing you with more information on future calls about this important additional opportunity. As we prepare for approval and launch, it is important to understand the exa-cel patient journey, which can be broken down into three key phases, each of which can take several months. First, pretreatment. Initially, when a potential exa-cel patient and their hematologist decide the therapy is right for them, the patient is then referred to a transplant physician at an ATC. Once that referral is scheduled, the patient then undergoes a full workup to determine whether they are fit for treatment with exa-cel. Second, cell collection and manufacturing. This phase involves mobilization to move the blood stem cells from the bone marrow into the peripheral blood, where the cells can be collected through apheresis. The patient's cells are then sent to our manufacturing facilities, where they are edited and then tested for quality control. Cell collection takes longer for sickle cell disease patients given the need for two months of red blood cell transfusions prior to mobilization and on average two rounds of mobilization and apheresis. In contrast TDT patients do not require pre mobilization transfusions and typically only require one round of mobilization and apheresis. The final phase is treatment. Once the edited cells are ready, the patient starts the treatment phase, which includes myeloablative conditioning, infusion of the edited cells, at which point we will recognize revenue for the therapy, and then waiting for engraftment and post-infusion care. A critical timing factor in this phase is the patient's preferred timing for treatment, as they must choose a time that works best for their lives, given that this step involves an approximate one month hospital stay. This patient journey is consistent across all geographies. Given the multiple steps and the duration of the journey, we expect 2024 to be a foundational year for exa-cel, as the first patients begin this journey and Vertex works to deliver transformative patient outcomes with the possibility of a lifetime of benefit. Shifting now to VX-548, a highly selective NaV1.8 inhibitor for pain. Given the program's rapid pace of clinical advancement, we have developed our go-to-market strategies and are actively planning for a potential near-term launch. I'd like to share an outline of some of the work we've done to size each market opportunity. Overall, the pain opportunity is massive. In the U.S. alone, each year, more than 90 million patients are treated for acute or peripheral neuropathic pain. Both acute and PNP are each multi-billion dollar markets today, despite the fact that essentially all prescriptions are generic. And we see additional upside to these opportunities given the challenges of currently approved treatments. The unmet need in pain stems from the suboptimal benefit risk profiles of existing agents, such as the adverse effects and addiction potential of opioids and the lack of consistent efficacy for anticonvulsants like the gabapentinoids prescribed for neuropathic pain. We believe the innovation of VX-548 and its overall profile could provide a transformative option for millions of patients. In acute pain, we estimate approximately 80 million patients are prescribed a medicine for their moderate to severe acute pain every year in the US. More than two-thirds of patients receive acute pain treatment driven by an institution, either during a hospital or ambulatory surgery center visit or at discharge. As hospital-driven prescribing is concentrated amongst some 2,000 hospitals and 200 IDNs, we can reach a large proportion of the patient opportunity with a specialty sales force. As Reshma mentioned, the peripheral neuropathic pain study in DPN is completed and the LSR study is about to begin. PNP is an exciting commercial opportunity given that approximately 10 million patients are prescribed a medicine for a PNP condition every year in the US, with chronic dosing, but limited treatment options. PNP fits our Vertex specialty model perfectly. PNP is a collection of chronic conditions in which nerve impairment causes pain. DPN and LSR are two of the largest patient segments. LSR represents over 40% of all PNP patients, while DPN represents approximately 20% of all PNP patients. Specialists play a critical role in treating PNP, as patients can be on multiple treatments and are often in search of more effective pain control, given the limited therapeutic options. Therefore, we believe the PNP segment is addressable with a specialty sales force, and we look forward to bringing innovation to PNP patients. In conclusion, it's an exciting time at Vertex. We continue to make progress treating more CF patients, and are on the verge of bringing a potential functional cure to patients with sickle cell disease or beta thalassemia with exa-cel. We're also preparing for multiple additional near-term launches, including the vanzacaftor triple in CF and VX-548 in acute pain, both of which have the potential to dramatically improve patients' lives and represent significant market opportunities for Vertex. I will now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex's excellent results in the third quarter of 2023 demonstrate once again our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile. Third quarter 2023 revenue increased 6% year-over-year to $2.48 billion. U.S. Revenue grew 7% year-over-year following the recent FDA approval of TRIKAFTA in patients ages two to five, and outside the US revenue grew 6% year-over-year on continued strong uptake of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO in markets with recently achieved reimbursement as well as label extensions in younger age groups. As anticipated, in Q3 we saw the drawdown of inventory in certain international markets in contrast to the increases in inventory that we experienced in the first half of the year. Year-to-date revenue of $7.35 billion represents 11% growth over the corresponding prior year period, including an approximate $150 basis point headwind from changes in foreign currency. Overall, the primary drivers of revenue growth in 2023 have been in line with our expectations. Third quarter 2023 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses were $993 million compared to $758 million in the third quarter of 2022. Q3 2023 results include $52 million of acquired IPR&D charges compared to $29 million of such charges in the third quarter of 2022. Operating expense growth was driven, as expected, by continued investment in research and our pipeline. Throughout 2023, the most significant areas of increased investment versus prior year included the clinical studies for VX-548 in acute pain, the vanzacaftor triple in CF, and for type 1 diabetes, as well as build out of capabilities for our expanding pipeline. In addition, we continued our pre-commercial activities for exa-cel and other anticipated near-term launches. Third quarter 2023 non-GAAP operating income was $1.17 billion compared to $1.29 billion in the third quarter of 2022. Third quarter 2023 non-GAAP earnings per share were $4.08, representing 2% growth compared to $4.01 in the third quarter of 2022. We ended the quarter with $13.6 billion in cash and investments. Our priorities for cash deployment remain unchanged as we continue to prioritize investment in innovation, including external innovation via business development. Year-to-date, we have completed nearly 10 transactions with total consideration of over $500 million. We've also continued to allocate cash to share repurchases, and year-to-date, we have spent approximately $285 million to repurchase approximately 900,000 shares. Now switching to guidance. Given our strong year-to-date results and our consistent execution, we are increasing our 2023 revenue guidance as detailed on Slide 17. For the full year 2023, we now expect CF net product revenue of approximately $9.85 billion versus our prior range of $9.7 billion to $9.8 billion. Note that this revenue guidance continues to include an expected approximate $150 basis point headwind to our revenue growth rate from changes in foreign currency. We are maintaining our 2023 guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D and SG&A expenses in a range of $4.1 billion to $4.2 billion. We continue to invest a majority of our operating expenses into R&D, given the momentum in our multiple mid and late-stage clinical development programs. We are also funding the expansion of our commercial capabilities in anticipation of the multibillion-dollar opportunities represented by our programs with near-term launch potential, while continuing to leverage an attractive business model afforded by our focus in specialty markets. Due to an increase in our current year U.S. R&D tax credit estimate, we are lowering guidance for our projected full year 2023 non-GAAP effective tax rate by 100 basis points to a range of 20% to 21% versus the prior range of 21% to 22%. In closing, Vertex delivered excellent results yet again in Q3 2023, achieving strong revenue growth, important regulatory milestones, continued clinical trial progress, and ongoing investments both internally and externally. As we continue to advance our programs to close out 2023 and head into 2024, we anticipate further important milestones as highlighted on Slide 18 to mark our continued progress in multiple disease areas. We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls and I'll ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks so much for the question. [Technical Difficulty]
Susie Lisa: Hey, Jeff? Jeff, sorry. You are garbled. We can't understand you. How about we go to the next one and come back to you? Yeah, that's better. Thanks.
Geoff Meacham: Yep. So, first question on AAT. It seems like a much more difficult indication than initially thought. At a high level, what would you characterize that as? Is it just a mechanism? Is it the bar for risk-benefit? Or is it the molecules itself? And the second question is, when you look to vanzacaftor in the data, maybe help us with how rapidly you think you could roll reimbursement out across Europe and OUS indications. I know I wasn't sure if this was part of your portfolio agreements or if you had to renegotiate that. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure. Thank you. This is Reshma. Let me break that into two questions. I'll take the first part on AAT and I'll ask Stuart to comment on the vanzacaftor and our plans for launching globally. Goeff, the particular issue with the VX-864 molecule in AATD is a non-serious rash. That's it, that's what it is. And when you see this, it's almost always molecule specific. So no, it's not the mechanism of action. This is where the portfolio strategy is really important and comes into play. VX-634 and VX-668, which are the next two molecules, they remain in Phase 1 development and we're looking forward to getting those results. And the data event will be a 24-day event when we get to see those results and select a molecule or molecules and settle on next steps. Let me turn it over to Stuart to talk about vanza and to clarify the study is a global study and the intent is for global regulatory submissions and for a global launch. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Geoff, so on expectations for access and reimbursement outside of the US. As Reshma said, importantly, this study is a head-to-head comparison with TRIKAFTA. To your specific question, was vanzacaftor imagined when we embarked on some of our portfolio agreements? It was. Some of them do include clauses to include increasingly better and better medicines which is our anticipation of what vanzacaftor will prove to be. It isn't in all of our reimbursement agreements, just to be clear. But if the product can deliver the kind of profile that we expect, I would expect like we did with TRIKAFTA that we will beat the kind of industry benchmarks for getting to access patients across ex-US markets.
Geoff Meacham: Thank you guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Thanks, guys. It sounds like 2024, 2025, it's going to be a breakout year for Vertex transformatives in many ways. Two questions for me. One on pain, Reshma, thanks for clarifying and blinding at the same time. But we could all use investor questions saying, are you have concerns about the [abductomy] (ph) trial? Maybe help us understand a strategy for why doing that at the same time and if there's any risks? My second question is on TNP. So you said you'll have a specialty sales force. How do you market it in the context that Lyrica exists, even though it's now a scheduled drug, maybe set expectations for what you're looking for for that data? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yep. Robyn, two questions on VX-548. One on the acute pain side and one on the neuropathic pain side. Let me tackle acute pain and I'll ask Stuart to comment on our commercialization approach on the neuropathic side. So to ground everyone, the acute pain program is in its entirety three pivotal trials. One is the abdominoplasty RCT, the second is the bunionectomy RCT, and the third is a single arm safety and effectiveness trial. And the reason we are planning to unblind, analyze, and share the results all at the same time is because our goal is to secure a broad, moderate to severe acute pain label. And in order to do that, we need the results from all of these trials. So that's the reason for sharing the results all at the same time. With regard to PNP, I'll just frame it up with what we are looking to do and how you may want to think about the profile, and then I'll turn it over to Stuart for commercialization. The Phase 2 study, that's the study we have completed and expect to share the results before the end of this year. It is a study that has a Lyrica reference arm. So it's not a comparison, but it's there so that we can assess the magnitude of the treatment effect. And our goal here really is to have a medicine that can compete effectively and bring a better benefit risk profile than Lyrica for this patient population. And just so that it's not missed, one of the comments I made in my prepared remarks is we're now expanding our progress into the peripheral neuropathic pain area with a study that we will initiate before end of year in what's called LFR or lumbosacral radiculopathy, another kind of neuropathic pain. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, just to expand on that, Robyn, very briefly. So PNP is kind of an umbrella term which is used to describe a collection of conditions, all which have -- as their cause nerve impairment which causes pain. DPN, which as you know is the study which is ongoing with 548, obviously there the standard of care has been the gabapentinoids, and as Reshma said, what we're looking to do there, because there are approved therapies there which are generic, is demonstrate an improved benefit risk profile to be able to compete successfully in that market segment. And Phase 2 studies obviously are going to be very revealing in that regard. LSR is very different -- and DPN I should say accounts for about 20% of all patients in the US with PMP. That's 20% of approximately 10 million people. LSR accounts for over 40% of patients with PNP. There, there are no products which are specifically approved for LSR. So we see that as a very significant opportunity as well. They are obviously with no approved therapy, it's likely that the comparator is going to be, can we demonstrate effective pain relief versus placebo?
Robyn Karnauskas: And one follow-up I can. Do you have to look better? I know Lyrica is just a side arm, but I know a lot of doctors want it looking better for reimbursement. Do you have to look better or just safer? We obviously know the issues with safety with Lyrica.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. The point you make about the safety tolerability issues with Lyrica are real. What we're looking for in this Phase 2 program is change from baseline at the various doses with Lyrica as a reference arm, not a comparator. But our goal here to be clear is to have a product, VX-548, that is a better benefit risk profile than Lyrica.
Robyn Karnauskas: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. One here on the pain side with the LSR trial, can you help us understand why start this trial now versus waiting for the DPN trial to read out and get a better understanding of the profile there? And then a second question on the Cells and Device program here, that seems to be partial dose with staggered enrollment again. And I'm just wondering why in the context of maybe the de-risking that you saw in the naked cells approach? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks. Let me start with the VX-264 question, and I'll go back to pain. The reason that we are at a partial dose with staggered dosing in the Part A part of the 264 program is because the cells + device is a first in man program. And we are doing that to go slowly and ensure that we have sufficient time between patients to be able to assess safety. And it is the way that the protocol is designed in consultation with global regulators. So that's the reason, it's because cells + device is a first in man trial. Let me go back now to VX-548 and LSR and why now? It's really a very good question. The reason we started with DPN is because DPN or diabetic peripheral neuropathy has and has had an established regulatory pathway, as well as an established commercial marketplace. So that's why we started with DPN. We started with it actually when we did the 150 program and that's the first PNP or peripheral neuropathic pain indication we pursued when we started with VX-548. As the VX-548 study has gotten started, and frankly as we near that completion, we've turned our attention to LSR. It was always our intention to pursue a broad peripheral neuropathic pain label for VX-548, just like we're pursuing a broad label in the acute pain setting. We recently completed our regulatory discussions on the LSR pain type and gained confirmation that LSR from a regulatory perspective is a PNP pain type. As Stuart said, medically, scientifically, it falls under that umbrella of a peripheral neuropathic pain type. And we completed our discussions with the regulators and confirmed that it is indeed from a regulatory standpoint also a PNP type. That's why we're starting the LSR Phase 2 study now. And I got to tell you, I'm terribly excited about that.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with TD Cowan. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking our questions. A couple of follow-ups from us. First on pain, investors saw the New England Journal of Medicine editorial over the summer that was somewhat skeptical of 548, and it's a topic of debate. Could you respond to that editorial? What do you think the author got wrong, or where do you disagree with the author? And then second follow up on vanza. In the prepared remarks you mentioned that vanza was going to drive intermediate growth of the franchise. Can you elaborate on those comments a bit more? What new patient populations or opportunities could vanza explore that TRIKAFTA currently can't? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure. So when I think about the distillation of the editorial, I think it comes down to this is the holy grail of pain in terms of targets. There looks to be very promising results. It's a Phase 2 study. How should we think about the magnitude of the treatment effect? How should we think about it in terms of the effect and the potential not only versus placebo, but versus opioids and then maybe a desire to learn a little bit more about the secondary endpoints. And what I would say is we're going to have a far bigger study, 2,000 people in all. There's 1,000 people in the abdominoplasty study, another 1,000 people in the bunionectomy study, and another 250 people in the safety and effectiveness study. And we'll have all the data we need to make a full assessment in this Phase 3 trial. So I think the best answer is, let's look towards the Phase 3 trial. And I agree, the Phase 2 results are very promising. Let me turn it over to Stuart to talk about vanza.
Stuart Arbuckle: So on vanza, I would really think about the opportunity for patients to be initiated on vanza to be threefold. One is, people who are currently on an existing CFTR modulator, but if we deliver the sort of profile with vanza that we're hoping to versus TRIKAFTA, they may want to be switched on to vanzacaftor. Then you've got patients who have not yet been initiated on a CFTR modulator. That's a relatively small number of patients but really the big opportunity for growth is, there's about 6,000, just over 6,000 patients globally now who've actually discontinued a CFTR modulator. So they've wanted to be on a CFTR modulator but for a variety of reasons have had to discontinue. As I say, that's over 6,000 patients now around the world. We don't often talk about discontinuations from our CFTR modulators because it's actually a relatively small percentage compared to any other sort of chronic medication, but it's still a sizable number of patients. We know they would like to be on a CFTR modulator because they previously tried, and so we think they could be patients who are very interested in vanza if we deliver the kind of profile that we're expecting.
Phil Nadeau: That's very helpful. Thanks again for taking our questions.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question and congrats on all the progress. One question again, staying on DPN and study. So could you remind us how prevalent is the opioid use in this setting because from our reading it seems like it is more a third line agent. And is the thought to replace Lyrica in that setting or is it more like to replace opioid in that setting? I mean, how do you think about the profile of the drugs? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. I'll have Stuart talk about what is being used in DPN today.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Mohit. There is a lot of polypharmacy going on in DPN right now, largely because the efficacy of the various classes of pain medicines which are available today is pretty variable. So you do see patients who are on nonsteroidals, you see a lot of people who are on the gabapentinoids which have been studied and approved there and you also do see parents -- patients on opioids as well. So it really is a disease characterized by sort of polypharmacy, largely due to either variable efficacy and/or the adverse events of the currently available therapies. That's why we're so excited about the prospect of 548 being able to establish a new standard of care for these patients.
Mohit Bansal: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jessica Fye with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Hey guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. The press release makes mention of Vertex's portfolio approach to R&D and additional NaV1.8 and NaV1.7 inhibitors you're working on. How far along in development is the next most advanced 1.8 inhibitor behind the VX-548? And do you have any dual 1.8 and 1.7 inhibitors?
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, welcome back, Jess. Really terrific question. The portfolio strategy, as you've seen it play out in CF, is authentically and reproducibly extended across our R&D pipeline. So as it pertains to pain, the next NaV1.8 inhibitors are already in the clinic in Phase 1 trials. And we have more after that making their way through the research part of our organization. In terms of NaV1.7, they are in the research stage and making very good progress. And we see the NaV1.7s as potentially for use as a single agent. And we also see the real opportunity for combining NaV1.7 and NaV1.8. And just for all of the others who are following along, the reason I say that and the reason I think it's an excellent question is that, the way that the action potential works in the periphery in transducing the pain signal is that there is a stimulation of the action potential and then the propagation and NaV1.7 works on that stimulation of the action potential and NaV1.8 works on that propagation. So we see a lot of opportunity in the combination, but we also see opportunity of NaV1.7 in and of itself.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from David Risinger with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
David Risinger: Yes, thanks very much. I have two questions, please. First, if VX-548 succeeds in Phase 2 in DPN in coming months, how do you plan to conduct Phase 3? Do you plan to go it alone? And could you complete Phase 3 in 2025 or likely not until 2026? And then regarding VX-548 acute pain Phase 3 studies, how should we expect rescue medicine use to potentially benefit patients in the placebo arms, and how will rescue medicine use be disclosed? Thanks very much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. Hey, David. Let me start the answer to both of these questions, but the PNP question has a component of can we go at it alone? And so I want to make sure that Stuart touches on it. Let me cut to the punch line. For acute pain and for neuroplastic pain, both in terms of diabetic neuropathy and in terms of LSR, this lumbosacral radiculopathy, we are going to do the development by ourselves and we are going to commercialize by ourselves. Both of these, acute pain and neuropathic pain are absolutely Vertexian diseases if I can call it that in terms of commercialization. I'll ask Stuart to comment a little bit more on commercializing neuropathic pain and I'll come back to tell you about acute pain rescue meds, etc.
Stuart Arbuckle: David, so kind of building on what I said about this being a disease state which unfortunately for patients is characterized by polypharmacy and so patients are often seeking superior pain relief to what they are getting. It is heavily influenced and/or treated by specialists for DPN and indeed for LSR as well. And so for both of those pain states within PNP overall, we believe we can achieve success commercially with a specialty sales force as a result of wanting to go alone commercially we're going to be doing the studies in DPN and hopefully in LSR Phase 3 studies are successful in Phase 2 ourselves as well.
Reshma Kewalramani: And David to round it out with your questions on acute pain. We have thought through very carefully as we did in the Phase 2 portion of the study, the same in the Phase 3 portion of the acute pain studies, about the use of rescue medicines and how to consider the statistical analysis plan in that light. And there are, it's been very well considered in there. So I don't have much more to say other than the use of rescue medicines, of course, will be disclosed in the publications and when we share the results. But how to think about it has been deeply considered and well accounted for just as it was in Phase 2. I think there was a question in there about Phase 3 and the peripheral neuropathic pain structure. I'll focus my comments on DPN. That one will be designed with the FDA. We haven't yet had our end of Phase 2 meeting, and therefore I can't give you specifics on what that program will look like, but that's exactly what will be the next step once we have the Phase 2 DPN results, assuming they are positive.
David Risinger: Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: You bet.
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi all, thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on the progress as always. I wanted to talk about the implications of the recently released UK NICE appraisal of TRIKAFTA, essentially indicating that was not cost-effective for the UK system. So, that was under the impression that this was settled in 2019. Could you maybe expand on the impact to UK franchise and steps to resolve to ensure access in the UK? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Evan, so the first thing I'll say about the ongoing NICE review is that, this was an expected part of the contract that we negotiated with the NHS in 2019, so this isn't a surprise that NICE is reviewing our medicines after four years on the market. So that's the first thing to say. As a part of the original contract, we agreed with the NHSE and with NICE that we would collect and submit data after a period of being on the market. And we have done just that. We submitted clinical trial data, open label extension data, and real world data from the UK. And I think it's unusual, I think, to see a medicine, which is what I think we've seen with TRIKAFTA that performs perhaps even better in the real world than you expected having seen the Phase 3 results, because the results we've seen in the real world, as you well know, are absolutely extraordinary, including things like reductions in exacerbations, increases in life expectancy, reductions in hospitalizations, a virtual elimination of lung transplants. So we're pretty disappointed it's fair to say with the draft guidance from NICE. It is just that though, it's draft guidance. There was a period of consultation. There's going to be a second NICE committee meeting, and I certainly feel confident that the full value of our medicines will be reflected at the end of this process.
Evan Seigerman: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Liisa Bayko: Hi there. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back to pain and just two questions for me. First of all, the article, so the Editorial [indiscernible] General Medicine did focus in on overwhelmingly more females and the two acute pain indications that you're using as examples. So maybe you can just speak to that in addressing sort of the underrepresentation of males? And then finally, just if you could comment on any capabilities that you've been working on developing. This is obviously a much different market to commercialize into than CF with a lot of generic competition and the need to get on hospital formulary, et cetera, and how are you building sort of those capabilities as you're waiting for data? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Liisa, this is Reshma. Let me start and then I'll pass it over to Stuart. Most companies, including our own, want to ensure that we have more people of color in our trials, more women in our trials, and I guess we have succeeded. So I see the fact that 548 has many women as a positive. Perhaps one point to make underneath, just underline that comment, is remember in the acute pain study one was an abdominoplastyi and abdominoplasty is a procedure involving fat in the belly kind of surgery. Some people call it a tummy tuck, and that is a surgical procedure that more women undergo. With regard to the commercialization of pain, I'll turn it over to Stuart, but I want to frame up the following concept. In the acute pain setting, one of the most important elements that VX-548 could address is effective pain relief without the addiction potential of opioids. And that part of it, this addiction potential of opioids is something that is not only of interest to Vertex, but it's of interest to the community, to policy makers, to physicians, and we see a lot of tailwinds. And so, as I turn it over to Stuart, I'll ask him to comment on our commercialization efforts, but also the tailwinds we see. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, so to your question about capabilities, I think we're trying to get the best of both worlds. We are trying to leverage the capabilities that have made us be successful to date, And much of that is based around our ability to get reimbursement and access for our medicines and also work with policymakers, with guideline institutions, et cetera, to support the appropriate use of effective medicines like ours. And as Reshma said, we're already seeing tailwinds, if we can call them that, in the pain market with people looking to move away from the restrictions that they've previously put in place for things like opioids in terms of who can prescribe them, for how long, for which patients in which settings, to people looking at policy changes like the No Pain Act, which we highlighted a couple of quarters ago now, where people are looking to make sure that there are no financial barriers or disincentives to people doing the right thing and using a non-opioid effective pain medicine just because there are generic medicines available. So that's something that we're going to be looking to build on, some of the capabilities that we've used to help us be successful. Having said that, we are going to be selling into a different segment of the market. This is obviously going to be a very hospital institution driven sale and so we are looking to bring in and have brought in new capabilities as we've brought on our paying business unit people who are experienced in that kind of institutional setting. So I would say we're trying to get the best of both worlds, leverage what we've been good at in the past, while bringing in people who bring new knowledge, skills, and experience to the company as well.
Operator: Thanks. The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hi, guys. Thank you for the question, and congrats on a great quarter. We had a follow-up question on pain and then a question on vanza. On the acute and chronic pain, can you just remind me, since you've never disclosed doses, should we expect that it's the same doses used in the Phase 2 and also the Lyrica and Vicodin doses as a control, or basically the doses from the label, and is that pretty well understood? And then from a safety tolerability standpoint, I think there was a QT study that had completed, so was there anything to disclose there? That would be great to hear if that was the case. That'd be a positive. And then on VANS, I know that there was questions around non-inferiority and superiority, and I know it's power potentially for superiority, but can you just remind us, is there a magnitude of clinical meaningfulness on FEV, et cetera, that you would deem to be meaningful, or is it more the totality of everything as well, like sweat chloride and the benefits that that may provide? Thank you so much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Hey, Mike, let me start, and then I will ask Stuart to go over the research that Stuart and the team have done on vanza and what is valued vis-a-vis sweat chloride, etc. But I'll go back to 548 to start and then I'll set up the clinical trial structure for vanza. So to confirm, on the VX-548 acute pain phase 3 trials. It is exceptionally similar to the VX548 Phase 2 trials. Same pain conditions, abdominoplasty and bunionectomy. We selected the high dose, the dose that showed the benefit in the Phase 2 trial for the Phase 3 trial. And you are correct, standard labeled doses for the opioid. And on the Phase 2 diabetic peripheral neuropathy trial, correct, the Lyrica's standard doses from the label. The doses in the peripheral neuropathy phase 2 study are different than the acute pain doses, obviously, because one has chronic dosing and one is acute, And we need to make the appropriate adjustments so that we have the exposure we seek. But with regard to the reference arm, correct. It is the standard dosing from the label. Lastly, on vanzacaftor, remember, this is a study that is head-to-head versus Trikafta. The primary endpoint is PPF-EV1, because that's the regulatory enabling endpoint. And recall, we have a key secondary endpoint that is on SWEC chloride, and this is very important because SWEC chloride is the direct, it's the most direct readout of CFTR function. You know that there have been great debates about whether or not there is a ceiling on ppF-EV1. We can't have better than normal lung function, right? But in terms of sweat chloride, that is how patients are diagnosed with the disease. And it is very well understood that if we provide better CFTR function benefit, that would show up in terms of sweat chloride. That is a secondary endpoint in the Phase 3 trial. And that's what we've already studied and reported out in a variety of Phase 2 trials. And it does indeed look to be the case that the vanza triple is even better than, I know that's a tall order, but it's even better than TRIKAFTA. Over to you Stuart on the marketplace with that in mind.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah so Mike, just as Reshma said on the study, the primary end point is non-inferiority versus TRIKAFTA on FEV1, which as we know is an incredibly high bar, but we will be able to see you how vancicafeter does versus tricafter in the study. So that's the first thing just to remind you. As Reshma said, we're also looking at measures of superior CFTR function in patients. And when we've done research with physicians, even if the FEV1 benefit is the same with vanzacaftor. If we can demonstrate improved CFTR function, which as Reshma said, the pharmacodynamic measure of that is sweat chloride, there's a lot of enthusiasm from physicians for a product which has that profile. In addition, just to remind you, vanzacaftor is also going to be a once a day regimen as well, which is also considered to be of benefit, particularly for those patients who have compliance challenges as well. So we're very much looking forward to the Phase 3 results and I think there's going to be, if the results come out as we expect them to, a high level of enthusiasm for vanzacaftor.
Michael Yee: Super helpful. Just to clarify on the QT, that was a study that's up, is that, can you say that that was completed and all set? Yes, nothing new to report there. This is a, -- QT is a study we do for cardiac function. It's 1 of our standard studies that we do in the clinical pharmacology realm.
Michael Yee: Got it. Thank you.
Susie Lisa: Last question, please, Chuck.
Operator: The last question will come from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I was just wondering if, let's say the theoretical situation where one of the randomized controlled Phase 3 acute trials is positive and the other is not, Can you still file for approval in that data set or do you need two positive trials? And then Stuart, I just wondered if you could clarify your comments on 2024 being a foundational year for exa-cell. What that means? Does that mean you're comfortable with consensus where it stands or you think it's going to be somewhat more measured launch? Just want to clarify what foundational means. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, Terence, this is Reshma. Let me comment on acute pain and then I'll turn it over to Stuart. You know, we are very close to having the results from the acute pain program, and I'll just leave it at, our goal is to have a positive set of three studies, and our goal is to file for a broad, moderate to severe acute pain label. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, and on exa-cel and the comment we made about it being a foundational year that has nothing to do with consensus. I actually couldn't tell you what consensus is for 2024 for exa-cel to be perfectly honest with you Terence. It was really a response, we've been asked a lot of questions about what the launch dynamics will look like for exa-cel. And so we thought it was important to remind people of what the patient journey is. And that's obviously going to begin, hopefully, later this year when we get regulatory approval. And it was really to try and provide some context around that multi-stage journey that patients need to go through to get exa-cel. So that was really the reasons for the comment. It was responding to questions we've had about launch dynamics. I do want to reiterate something which I said in my prepared remarks as well. Whatever the journey to get there, we see this as being a very large commercial opportunity. There are tens of thousands of patients with severe sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia who could benefit. Despite the journey being relatively long, this is a journey at the end of it that has the potential for a lifetime of benefit. So we feel very optimistic about the exa-cel opportunity and we're looking forward to launching.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Jack. If you could give the details, please, for callback.
Operator: Yes, ma'am. Replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1-877-344-7529 or 1-412-317-0088, using the replay access code 2047491. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Susie Lisa, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, everyone. My name is Susie Lisa and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our second quarter 2023 financial results conference call. On tonight's call making prepared remarks we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed cystic fibrosis medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, the impact of foreign exchange is presented inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. I'll now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening all and thank you for joining us on the call today. After a strong start to the year, we saw continued momentum into the second quarter across all aspects of the company. Our CF business continues to grow and we are reaching more patients than ever. In the second quarter, this expanded reach drove 14% global safe product revenue growth versus the prior year period. And with this first half performance, we are raising our full year 2023 CF product revenue guidance to a revised range of $9.7 billion to $9.8 billion. As we continue to deliver in CF, we're also investing for future commercial excellence, ahead of multiple potential near-term launches. In exa-cel in both severe sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia which we expect will be the first in our next wave of launches. In VX-548 for acute pain, another multibillion-dollar commercial opportunity and in our Vanzacaftor triple combination therapy for cystic fibrosis which provides the opportunity to further extend our leadership in CF. In addition to these 4 disease areas, our mid-stage clinical pipeline continues to develop rapidly and marked progress towards our 5 launches in 5 years goal. Recent achievements include: the VX-147 or Inaxaplin pivotal trial remains on track to complete the Phase IIB portion of the study by the end of this year. In our type 1 diabetes program, both VX-880, the naked cells and VX-264, the cells plus device programs are now in the clinic and dosing patients. Additionally, we announced a strategic long-term manufacturing agreement with Lonza for our type 1 diabetes cell therapy programs. And finally, an accelerated time line for the VX-548 Phase II study in peripheral neuropathic pain, where we now expect the study to complete by the end of 2023. In total, we're advancing programs in 8 disease areas through mid- and late-stage development, 6 of which are now past the proof-of-concept stage as detailed on Slide 5. Beyond our clinical pipeline, we're also advancing the next wave of research stage assets, reflecting programs sourced from both internal and external innovation. This includes programs in Duchenne's muscular dystrophy, myotonic dystrophy type 1, the NaV1.7 program for pain and gentler conditioning agents for use with exa-cel. In the CF franchise, in R&D and across the business, this quarter, Vertex has continued to make meaningful advancements to bring our CFTR portfolio to more patients around the globe and bring additional first-in-class or best-in-class potentially transformative medicines to multiple new disease areas. With that overview, I'll turn to the details of recent R&D progress, starting with CF. While TRIKAFTA delivers tremendous benefit for patients. If it's possible to do better, we're committed to being the ones who do so and that is the goal for our next-in-class vanzacaftor triple combination therapy. I am pleased to share we expect to complete all 3 Phase III studies, SKYLINE 102 and 103 in patients ages 12 years and above and the RIDGELINE study in patients ages 6 to 11 by the end of 2023 and release results from these 3 studies in early '24. We have high expectations from the vanzacaftor triple program to lead to further improvements in CFTR function based on the totality of the evidence generated to date. The most direct readout of higher CFTR function is chloride transport in vitro and sweat chloride in patients. In vitro, our human bronchial epithelial cell assays with the vanzacaftor triple showed greater restoration of chloride transport than with TRIKAFTA. And in Phase II in patients the vanzacaftor triple clinical studies showed correspondingly lower levels of sweat chloride than in previous studies with TRIKAFTA. We, therefore, believe the vanzacaftor triple has the potential to provide patients with enhanced clinical benefit, the convenience of once-daily dosing. And additionally, the Vanza Triple carries a substantially lower royalty burden. Another important program in our CF portfolio is VX-522, our CFTR mRNA therapy in development with our partners at Moderna for the more than 5,000 CF patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. We have enthusiasm for this approach for 3 key reasons, based on what we've achieved to date: first, the delivery of mRNA at high efficiency into HBE cells in vitro; second, expression of CFTR protein leading to high levels of chloride transport; and third, successful nebulize delivery of mRNA in both small and large animals resulting an expression of CFTR protein in the desired cells. We continue to enroll and dose CF patients in the single ascending dose or SAD study of VX-522. And we expect to complete the SAD portion and initiate the multiple ascending dose portion of the study this year. Turning now to exa-cel, our CRISPR/Cas9-based gene editing program for sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia which targets the most severe patients and an estimated patient population of approximately 32,000. Exa-cel holds the promise to be a onetime functional cure for these diseases. On the regulatory front, the FDA has accepted our filings and granted priority review in sickle cell disease with the December 8 PDUFA date. Along with a standard review in beta-thalassemia with the March 30, 2024 PDUFA date. The FDA has indicated an advisory committee will be held and we look forward to the opportunity to discuss the high unmet need, share results from the exa-cel studies and discuss the transformative potential exa-cel holds for patients. Outside the U.S., in the EU and the U.K., reviews for our exa-cel filings are also well underway. Our oral presentation, the most recent EHA meeting in June, provided new data that were the basis of the EMA and MHRA regulatory filings. Both trials met the primary and key secondary endpoints with follow-up in some patients of more than 36 months. The exa-cel EHA results continue to demonstrate transformative, consistent and durable benefit for patients as measured by freedom from severe vaso-occlusive crises for 94% of SCD patients and transfusion independence in 89% of TDT patients. The safety profile was generally consistent with busulfan conditioning and bone marrow transplantation. Another significant opportunity for exa-cel is in younger patients and the pediatric trials in both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia are underway. We have enrolled more than half the target number of patients in both pediatric studies and have dosed multiple patients. This is an important area of focus given the opportunity to intervene earlier and potentially prevent organ damage and other complications before they ever occur. As the PDUFA dates approach in the U.S. and reviews come to conclusion in the U.K. and EU, we look forward to bringing this onetime potentially curative therapy to thousands of patients with severe sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia. Turning next to our pain program and VX-548, our novel, highly selective NaV1.8 inhibitor that holds the promise of effective pain relief without the side effects or addictive properties of opioids. In acute pain, I am pleased to share that all 3 Phase III studies, 2 randomized controlled trials and a single-arm safety and efficacy study will complete by the end of this year, with results available in late 2023 or early '24. The pace of this Phase III program has been rapid which we see as indicative of the high unmet need and strong interest in an efficacious, non-opioid acute pain therapy. We have high confidence in the outlook for these Phase III studies given: one, the genetic and pharmacologic validation of the target; two, multiple proof-of-concept trials with the predecessor molecule and with VX-548 itself; and three, the similar methodology, design and endpoints of our Phase III studies compared to the Phase II program. Closing on acute pain, recall that the phase III program has been designed to support a broad model-to-severe acute pain level which would enable prescribing and usage across mule setting including in Hospital or the ambulatory surgical center post-discharge and in the home. We are also studying VX-548 in diabetic peripheral neuropathy or DPN. A type of peripheral neuropathic pain that represents yet another significant area of unmet need and another multibillion-dollar market opportunity. We have previously delivered positive proof-of-concept data in peripheral neuropathic pain with the predecessor molecule VX-150. The current study in DPN with VX-548 is a 12-week Phase II dose-ranging proof-of-concept study. I am pleased to share the time line for this DPN study has accelerated and we have recently completed enrollment. This study will complete by the end of this year and we expect to share results in late 2023 or early '24. Moving now to type 1 diabetes, where we're evaluating stem cell-derived, fully differentiated insulin-producing islet cells for people with type 1 diabetes. Our goal is to develop a functional cure for the millions of people living with type 1 diabetes, including the more than 2.5 million patients in North America and Europe alone. The VX-880 program is our foundational cell therapy program for T1D in which we have already demonstrated proof of concept. In the VX-880 trial or the naked cell program, patients take standard immunosuppressants to protect the islets from the immune system. We presented updated clinical data on Parts A and B of the study at the recent American Diabetes Association Meeting. The presentation at the ADA showed that all 6 patients treated with VX-880 engrafted islet cells, produced endogenous insulin and had improved glycemic control while reducing or eliminating exogenous insulin use. Importantly, the 2 patients with at least 1 year follow-up saw a complete elimination of severe hypoglycemic events, maintained hemoglobin A1Cs below 7% and were insulin independent. Further, patients who were earlier on their course of therapy were on a similar trajectory as the 2 patients with long-term follow-up. Based on these results, the VX-880 trial has now advanced to Part C, where patients are treated concurrently at the full target dose. And as part of our global study plan, we've now opened clinical trial sites in Europe in addition to those already open in the U.S. and Canada. Our second program, VX-264, the cells plus device program encapsulates these same cells which have already demonstrated proof of concept in a proprietary immunoprotective device. And hence, there is no requirement for immunosuppressants. I am pleased to share that enrollment in the VX-264 study has initiated and we have already dosed the first patient. The third program is our hyperimmune program in which we edit the same fully differentiated cells to cloak them from the immune system. This represents another path to obviating the need for immunosuppressants. In March, we expanded our collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics into type 1 diabetes to use CRISPR/Cas9 to make these edits and we continue to make progress in this research stage program. Transitioning now to Inaxaplin or VX-147, the first potential medicine to target the underlying cause of APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD, a genetically defined disease that affects approximately 100,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe alone. Recall the Inaxaplin pivotal program for patients with AMKD is a single adaptive Phase II/III study with a pathway to accelerate approval in the U.S. The Phase IIB dose-ranging portion of the study continues to enroll and dose and remains on track to complete this year. We also continue to work to enhance AMKD disease awareness and genetic testing availability to support diagnosis, including through partnerships with Natera, a leader in genetic testing and Arkana, a leader in renal pathology services. To close an update on our Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or AATD program, our small molecule approach targets both the lung and liver manifestations of this disease that affects an estimated 100,000 people in North America and Europe. Our program is exploring 2 hypotheses: first, longer treatment duration with VX-864; and second, a more potent molecule with VX-634. The Phase II program for VX-864, a 48-week study in patients with AATD that assesses both liver clearance of Z polymer and functional plasma AAT levels is ongoing and is anticipated to complete enrollment later this year. VX-634, the next-in-class molecule with multifold greater potency and better drug-like properties is projected to complete its Phase I trial by the end of this year. Overall, the AATD program remains on track and we look forward to sharing results in 2024. With that, I'll turn it over to Stuart to provide a commercial update, including details on our launch preparations for exa-cel.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. From a commercial perspective, we had strong second quarter results as we continue our focus on reaching all patients eligible for our CFTR modulators and maintaining high levels of adherence for patients treated with our medicines. In addition, we continue to prepare for multiple potential near-term launches, including exa-cel in severe sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia VX-548 in moderate to severe acute pain and the vanzacaftor triple combination in CF. At the same time, we are developing new capabilities to support the commercialization of other pipeline assets. such as disease awareness for AMKD and investing in our manufacturing capabilities for type 1 diabetes. Given our nearest term opportunity is exa-cel in hemoglobinopathies where we have completed our regulatory filings in Europe and the U.S. and also being granted PDUFA dates in the U.S. This quarter, I will focus my comments about our pipeline on prelaunch activities for exa-cel. But briefly first on CF. At the beginning of this year, there were more than 20,000 people with CF in North America, Europe and Australia, who could benefit but were not yet being treated with a CFTR modulator. We continue to bring our medicines to these patients through new approvals and uptake following additional reimbursements with a focus on reaching younger patients and this will continue to be a driver of near-term growth for our business. Second quarter 2023 CF revenue growth of 14% was consistent with this outlook and was driven primarily by expanded use of our medicines in younger age groups. Following U.S. TRIKAFTA approval in children ages 2 to 5 in late April, we've seen strong interest from the CF community with the first prescription written just hours after the approval and uptake across all eligible patients. Outside the U.S., KAFTRIO growth has continued to be strong in patient ages 16 and older, following approval, reimbursement and successful launches in multiple geographies. In addition, we received EU approval for ORKAMBI in children ages 1 to 2 in early July and we continue to expect approval for KAFTRIO in the EU in children ages 2 to 5 by the end of this year. We are also actively enrolling our KAFTRIO study in children ages 1 to 2. Overall, we see continued growth for our portfolio of CFTR modulators, driven by approvals, reimbursement and uptake of our medicines in younger patients. In addition, approvals of future CF medicines will also drive growth. Notably, our next-generation vanzacaftor triple seeks to provide improved efficacy for patients and a new treatment option for those who have discontinued prior CFTR modulator therapy. And longer term, VX-522, our mRNA approach could offer a therapy for the more than 5,000 patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. Shifting now to exa-cel which holds curative potential for patients with severe sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia both chronic diseases that can be disabling and life-shortening and have an extremely high burden of care. On previous quarterly earnings calls, I provided details for exa-cel on the estimated eligible patient population, the geographic concentration of those patients and our proposed ATC network of 50 centers in the U.S. and 25 in Europe. The hiring and training of our field and medical education teams and insights from physician and patient market research. This quarter, I'd like to provide our perspective on access and reimbursement and our discussions globally with payers and policymakers. Our teams continue to make excellent progress in pre-approval discussions with both government and commercial payers in the U.S. and Europe. With more than a dozen cell and gene therapies on the market, payers across different channels are increasingly experienced with these transformative types of therapies. In the U.S., approximately 65% of patients with sickle cell disease or beta thalassemia, have coverage through government programs with the majority via Medicaid and the remaining 35% of patients are covered by private insurance. Our teams have already engaged Medicaid administrators in all 50 states with a particular focus on the 24 states with the highest prevalence of sickle cell disease, accounting for an estimated 90% of Medicaid patients with SCD. We're encouraged by the enthusiasm from state Medicaid administrators for exa-cel as well as the proactive steps they are taking to prepare for the availability of therapies like exa-cel including the enablement of separate payment policies for coverage of the cost of the therapy, distinct from the cost of the bone marrow transplant procedure. The Medicaid-focused CMS cell and gene therapy access model also continues to make progress towards its anticipated launch in 2026. The model is clear evidence of the federal government's recognition of the potential transformative value of gene therapies like exa-cel to treat sickle cell disease and their interest in finding innovative payment solutions and pathways for state Medicaid programs. Shifting to commercial payers. We have had high levels of engagement with commercial payers, including the top 4 payers that account for approximately 80% of commercial lives. And our goal is to facilitate timely coverage decisions upon a potential exa-cel approval. Our pre-approval discussions have been encouraging and are focused on disease burden, epidemiology estimates, our clinical data and potential payment models. In Europe, the MAA reviews are well underway and thus, we are also working on paving the way to secure reimbursed access for patients in our targeted European markets. We have been engaging with health systems to educate them on the significant disease burden on patients, health care systems and society. In addition, we have been meeting with European health authorities to understand their interest in different payment models and to communicate the holistic value of a onetime potential functional cure. Given the urgent unmet need for new treatments for sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, there is significant interest from patients and physicians, particularly in geographies with high concentrations of the eligible patient population. To conclude, it's a remarkable time to be at Vertex. We continue to make progress treating more CF patients while our excitement for the transformative promise of exa-cel for patients and the resulting multibillion-dollar market opportunity continues to grow as we approach potential approval. We are also preparing for multiple additional near-term launches, including the vanzacaftor triple in CF and VX-548 in acute pain, both of which have the potential to dramatically improve patients' lives. I'll now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex's excellent results in the second quarter of 2023 demonstrate once again our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile. Second quarter 2023 revenue increased 14% year-over-year to $2.49 billion. Growth was led by a 26% year-over-year increase outside the U.S. on continued strong uptake of TRIKAFTA-KAFTRIO in markets with recently achieved reimbursement as well as label extensions in younger age groups. Similarly, expansion in younger age groups helped drive 7% U.S. revenue growth following the recent FDA approval of TRIKAFTA in patients ages 2 to 5. Second quarter and first half revenues also benefited from increases in channel inventory in certain international markets which are expected to draw down in the second half. Second quarter 2023 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IP R&D and SG&A expenses were $1.04 billion compared to $750 million in the second quarter of 2022. Q2 2023 results include $110 million of acquired IP R&D charges compared to $62 million of such charges in the second quarter of 2022. Second quarter 2023 IP R&D expense reflects a $70 million milestone to CRISPR Therapeutics for progress made in our hypoimmune program for type 1 diabetes. Aside from our investments in external innovation and the resulting higher acquired IP R&D charges, operating expense growth was driven as expected by continued investment in research and our advancing pipeline which includes mid- and late-stage clinical assets across 8 different disease areas. The most significant areas of increased investment versus prior year included the clinical studies for the vanzacaftor Triple-NCF for VX-548 in acute pain and for type 1 diabetes. In addition, we continued our pre-commercial activities for exa-cel and other anticipated near-term launches, given the potentially transformative benefits to patients and multibillion-dollar market opportunities for our mid- and late-stage programs, we will continue to invest appropriately. Second quarter 2023 non-GAAP operating income was $1.15 billion compared to $1.19 billion in the second quarter of 2022. Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.89, representing 8% growth compared to $3.60 in the second quarter of 2022. We ended the quarter with $12.6 billion in cash and investments. Now switching to guidance. Given our strong first half results and our consistent execution, including the successful launch of TRIKAFTA in patients ages 2 to 5 in the U.S., we are increasing our 2023 revenue guidance as detailed on Slide number 16, for the full year 2023, we now expect CF net product revenue of $9.7 billion to $9.8 billion, an increase of $100 million to $150 million compared to our prior range of $9.55 billion to $9.7 billion. Note that this revenue guidance includes an expected approximate 150 percentage point headwind to our revenue growth rate, consistent with our prior expectations. In addition, given our December 8 U.S. PDUFA date for exa-cel and sickle cell disease, 2023 product revenue guidance continues to reflect revenue from cystic fibrosis products only. We are also raising our 2023 guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IP R&D and SG&A expenses to a range of $4.1 billion to $4.2 billion, an increase of $200 million from prior guidance. This increase reflects higher IP R&D expenses from new business development, including collaborations with Entrada in DM1 and with CRISPR in type 1 diabetes. Our 2023 non-GAAP operating expense guidance now includes approximately $500 million of upfronts and milestones compared to the $300 million projected at the start of the year. We continue to invest a majority of our operating expenses into R&D, given the momentum in our multiple mid- and late-stage clinical development programs. We are also funding the expansion of our commercial capabilities in anticipation of the multibillion dollar opportunities represented by our programs with near-term launch potential while continuing to leverage an attractive business model afforded by our focus in specialty markets. Our guidance for projected full year 2023 non-GAAP effective tax rate of 21% to 22% is unchanged. In closing, Vertex delivered excellent results for the second quarter of 2023. We delivered strong revenue growth, completed important regulatory milestones, updated on significant clinical trial programs and invested internally and externally. As we continue to advance our programs in 2023, we anticipate further important milestones as highlighted on Slide 17 to mark our continued progress in multiple disease areas. We look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls and I'll ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Charlie. Gary, can you please view the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company.
Phil Nadeau: Just a couple on exa-cel. In the prepared remarks you mentioned or at least in the press release, you mentioned that an advisory committee is likely, does Vertex have any sense of what is likely to be discussed or debated at the advisory committee? And then second, for Stuart, thanks for all your comments on the commercial prep. We have seen gene and cell therapy launches get off to a relatively slow starts of late with some not actually having patients dosed for 7 or so months after approval. What does Vertex learn from that? What could you do to increase the speed at which patients are adopting exa-cel post approval?
Reshma Kewalramani: Phil, this is Reshma. Let me take the first part of your question and then I'll ask Stuart to comment on the commercial launch readiness. With regard to exa-cel, the FDA has informed us that there will be an advisory committee. This is not unexpected as we've discussed in the past, given the new mechanism of action. We don't have further details. Those will be forthcoming. And I expect we'll know more as we approach the date of the AdCom which we don't have today either. However, conventionally, the advisory committees usually take place about 1 to 2 months before the PDUFA date. So that's the general framework that we're looking at. We are very excited to have the opportunity to share our data, to talk about the benefit risk and to talk about the transformative potential and to have the patient's voices heard at the advisory committee. Let me turn it over to Stuart to comment on launch readiness.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Phil, so thanks for the question. Obviously, the first most important step to provide the conditions for a successful launch are going to be to secure access and reimbursement because as you know, without access and reimbursement, there really is no opportunity for patients to get treated. And that's why I focus my comments on that and we are doing everything we can with payers, both in the U.S. and internationally try and get access and reimbursement as close to regulatory approval as we possibly can. Obviously, that's not entirely within our control but that's what we're working on. In terms of the kind of uptake curve in the future, now, obviously, that's going to depend on the interest from physicians and patients. We know that, that is very high. But I would remind you that, as I've said on previous calls, we do expect the uptake with exa-cel to be slower, obviously, than we see with our CF medicines where the launches are almost vertical. And that's largely because, as you know, this is a multi-month process that a patient has to go through to get treated with exa-cel. Obviously, they have to decide with their physician that they want to go through a gene therapy. They have to have their cells collected. The cells then have to be edited, returned to the site and then the patient has to schedule coming in for essentially the equivalent of a bone marrow transplant before they're actually dosed with the exa-cel drug product. So it is a multi-month process from start to finish for any individual patient. And so that's why we've always said this launch, we do expect to be slightly slower in uptake rate than in cystic fibrosis but we continue to believe there's a lot of interest. It's a big market opportunity and we see exa-cel as a multibillion-dollar opportunity in the future.
Phil Nadeau: Great. One follow-up, if I may. On the reimbursement, we've seen warranty agreements put in place by one recent gene therapy launch. Is that something you're considering or you think would be helpful?
Stuart Arbuckle: Sorry, Phil, I didn't quite catch the question. Can you say it again?
Phil Nadeau: Yes. In terms of reimbursement in the structure of reimbursement agreements, one recent gene therapy launch included a warranty as part of the reimbursement agreement. Is that something Vertex is considering or would think would be helpful for a launch like exa-cel?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. We are considering a range of different options, Phil. The reason for that is kind of if you ask 1 payer, what they're looking for, you get 1 answer. If you ask another pay, you get another answer. So I think much as we've done with cystic fibrosis, we're going to look to be flexible. There are some who are going to be interested in just a straight price and just paying upfront for the benefits of onetime functional cures. Others are looking at more things like outcomes-based agreements on that. And so right now, we're in kind of listening mode and defining and designing what the nature of our payment models will be. But I think the key word is probably flexibility.
Operator: The next question is from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI.
Liisa Bayko: Congratulations on the good quarter. Just wondering if you could give us a view on sort of the next data readout for your type 1 diabetes program, both the cells and the cells plus pouch?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Liisa, with regard to the T1D program, on the VX-880 side, that's, let's call it the naked cells program. You should expect to have a data readout at the fall diabetes conference where there will be an oral presentation. On the 264 program, that's the cells plus device program, we've just initiated enrollment. We've just dosed, as you heard in my prepared remarks, the first patient. And you should expect to hear from us with regard to results from that cells plus device program which does not require immunosuppressants, either when we reached a milestone in terms of data readout or we have a decision to communicate. We won't be sharing results patient by patient.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, fair enough. And then as you think about your kind of commercial path for pain, are you going to be focusing on certain types of centers? I mean this could be obviously a very broad market and opportunity. How are you thinking about the rollout and where? I'm curious on that kind of -- the market estimates could be -- have a very wide range depending on how you think about it.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Liisa, you're right. We see this as an enormous opportunity. Let me ask Stuart to tell you how we plan to approach that opportunity. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So acute pain, obviously which is going to be our first launch indication subject to the studies being positive is -- 2 things can be true at the same time, Liisa. I'd say one is acute pain therapies are prescribed by a wide range of prescribers. That is indeed true but it's equally true that a large percentage of the prescriptions are concentrated in institutions, ambulatory surgical centers, settings like that, where patients are either prescribed and dispensed their acute pain medicine whilst they're in the institution or the facility. And then they're also prescribed and given a prescription on discharge for their ongoing pain management when they leave the facility. That accounts for a large percentage of the prescriptions in acute pain. Those prescriptions are concentrated in somewhere around just shy of 200 sites covered by about 220 or so IDNs. And that is going to be the primary focus of our commercialization activities. We think we can cover that universe of centers with a sales force approximately in the 150 range which fits very nicely with our focus on specialty markets.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Just a follow-up on the acute pain program. Just can you help us understand, apart from -- upon a positive data outcome here and given the target prescribers you mentioned, what needs to be done logistically to ensure a successful launch with regard to just the marketing aspect, the -- whether there's kind of any understanding that needs to be played out with regard to contracts and how the no pain law kind of falls into this? Just any idea of how you can ensure this plays out well.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Salveen, I'll ask Stuart to comment.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Salveen, thanks for the question. I think there's a couple of other things that are likely to be supportive of VX-548 in acute pain. One is, I think we are likely to see a number of the existing pain treatment guidelines, consider updates their guidelines once there is the availability of a safe and effective non-opioid medicine. In addition and you mentioned one of them, I think we are increasingly going to see policies change their focus. The policies that have been put in place in states and hospitals over the last few years for understandable reasons have largely all have been about restricting prescriptions, restricting who can prescribe for which patient types for what length of time. I think we are beginning to see the focus of those policy initiatives changed to being supportive of non-opioid pain medicines like VX-548. And I think that that's a very welcome systemic change which will potentially support the uptake of the VX-548 subsequent to it getting approved. So in addition to our own commercialization efforts, I think there's a number of supportive at the launch.
Operator: Question is from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Just had a follow-up on exa-cel. I know you guys are focused today on regulatory and commercial as well. But when you think about the improved conditioning regimen, I wanted to know kind of what we should expect from that optimization of that? What are kind of the -- what does success look like, I guess, for that? And what are the time lines, I think, that we'll see some data for?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Geoff, as we think about the busulfan based conditioning regimen which is what exa-cel will launch with, we see that as having a positive benefit risk profile for the approximately 32,000 people with the most severe forms of sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. And with the improved or gentler conditioning, we see the opportunity to serve the full 150,000 people with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia in Europe and the U.S. What this program looks like and we have an active set of programs internally, our partners at CRISPR are working on this problem, other academia and biotechs are working on this problem. And so I do see this as a problem that will be solved. It's not a tomorrow solution but I see this happening in the coming months and years. What we see is the opportunity to have a conditioning regimen that very specifically targets the compartment and the cells that are limited to those hematopoietic stem cells sparing all of the other cells. And in so doing, not have the side effects of busulfan, including the very significant cytopenias that you see with busulfan. So I do think that this is an area that we will see a solution for because we and others are working on it and because of the broad application and I do think you'll see progress in the coming months and in our years. I don't mean decades.
Operator: Our next question is from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: Sorry for the noise. I'm on board a plane and we're departing. So the question is, what is the bar for neurotrophic mean? I know your previous study with your previous drug kind of looks similar to Lyrica. Maybe you could step that for us in a second. We've done some due diligence in the chemo-related peripheral neuropathy is a huge unmet need. I wanted to know whether you thought it might work in this population as well.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. So Robyn, the bar for neuropathic pain is to have a better overall profile benefit risk taken together than existing therapies. As you know, the existing therapy has limitations in terms of efficacy but there are also limitations on the safety/AE side. And the reason for that is what we use for neuropathic pain is frankly, a recycled medicine that comes from fundamentally central nervous system depression that we are reusing for neuropathic pain because that's the best we have. So what we're going to be looking for is improvement in diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain scores, change from baseline and our Phase II dose-ranging proof-of-concept study also has a Lyrica arm for context. So we'll be able to see the magnitude of the treatment effect as well as a Lyrica arm for context.
Operator: The next question is from David Risinger with Leerink Partners.
David Risinger: Yes. I wanted to change gears, please, to your two AAT candidates. Could you frame the efficacy results to watch in 2024? And potential timeline for those readouts next year?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. David, I think you're asking about the AATD program. And just to ground everyone on that one, this is our program where we have 2 molecules, VX-864 which is in a Phase II study and VX-634 which is making its way through a Phase I study. Our excitement for this particular program and disease comes from the fact that it fits the Vertex strategy like a glove. We are seeking to target both the liver and lung manifestations of this disease. And our small molecule approach is the only one that holds the potential to treat both liver and lung manifestations. And I do believe you need to treat both in order to have a transformative medicine. Our VX-864 study which is in Phase II is a long-term study. It's a 48-week study. And there, we are looking at the impact of long-term dosing on both functional AAT levels in the blood and clearance of liver polymer. You might recall that on a post-hoc analysis of our VX-864 Phase II data from a few years ago, we saw a 90-plus percent reduction in serum Z polymer levels which is why we're so interested in the liver polymer. And in the 634 study, we are going through our first in-human studies. So I expect that we'll have all the results from both of these trials by sometime next year, so 2024 and I expect that we'll be able to share the results at that time. Exact timing, we're going to need to get a few more months under our belt to look at the enrollment dynamics but I do expect we'll be sharing results by sometime next year. So it's a '24 milestone.
Operator: The next question is from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Stuart, you mentioned there were about 20,000 patients not on drug at the start of the year that could potentially be eligible. Just wondering where that figure will end, assuming you achieve your new 2023 guidance?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Terence. So we've kind of gone away over the last few years of kind of giving detail to the forensic accounting of all the different patient numbers. And so I'm not going to kind of give you an updated estimate at this time. But as Charlie said in his remarks and I set in mine, we've continued to make good progress in treating more patients, including in younger age groups and including in other countries where we've secured reimbursements and launches. But other than that, we're not going into more detail at this time. We may -- if there's a substantial change, we may update those numbers as we've done in the last couple of years or so at the beginning of next year when we talk about our guidance for the following year.
Operator: Next question is from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: Just wanted to get some color on how do you -- talked about sweat chloride improvement with the vanzacaftor trial. Is there a correlation between the amount of sweat chloride you reduced versus the SCD [ph] improvement. If I'm not mistaken, the improved -- the sweat chloride improvement was about 30% more than the dry cast combo, this combo. So just trying to understand how should we think about the bar for SEB that this new combined?
Reshma Kewalramani: Mohit, I think you're talking about the vanzacaftor triple, that's our next-in-class regimen for CF. This is the program that's in Phase III and we expect to complete both studies in the 12-plus-year-old age group and the 6 plus year age group this year with results from that pivotal program early next year. With regard to your question on sweat chloride and ppFEV1, yes. There is a very strong association between improvements in sweat chloride and improvements in lung function. And you can see that across all of our previous CFTR modulators, all the way from KALYDECO through ORKAMBI SIM and TRIKAFTA. So that relationship is strong. In terms of what you should expect from the vanzacaftor triple. Or let me put it another way, the reason we have such high enthusiasm for the vanzacaftor triple, in the preclinical experiments, including the very important HBE assays which have been not only qualitatively predictive but quantitatively so, the vanzacaftor triple, I know this is hard to believe in a tall order but the vanzacaftor triple preclinically is even better than TRIKAFTA in our HPE cells. And when we look across the Phase II studies that have been done, the vanzacaftor triple have better sweat chloride than even TRIKAFTA. It's hard to call -- make a call on ppFEV1 because in the Phase II studies, the sample sizes are obviously smaller and ppFEV1 is a more variable endpoint. So I think the right measure to look at is indeed sweat chloride. And from all of the data we've collected, vanza is even better than TRIKAFTA on that measurement of sweat chloride.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: You announced that the chronic pain neuropenic pain study, Phase II was complete enrollment. So that's super exciting and the data, I guess is end of '23, early '24. Can you talk a little bit about, I guess, on one side, you feel confident because of the biology and the acute data was also quite strong, there's also some early chronic data as well as the last gen. But also, I guess, historically, chronic pain studies can be challenging with placebos, even with vicoden and opioids, you can get mixed results. So I just wanted to ask about your confidence around this probability success versus the acute study and how we should take this study into consideration from an expectation standpoint, give it just a Phase II?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. My confidence level in the VX-548 program is equal for the acute pain studies in that Phase III program as it is for the diabetic peripheral neuropathy Phase II program. And you're right, that confidence comes from the pharmacologic validation of the target which we ourselves conducted with our predecessor molecule, VX-150 and also the genetic validation of the 1 8 target. With regard to double-click on what you could expect from both acute and the neuropathic pain studies, the acute pain program is 2 randomized clinical trials in the same bunionectomy, abdominoplasty. Those are 2 of the RCTs. And the third is a single-arm safety and efficacy study to allow a broad, moderate-to-severe acute pain label in the various settings that Stuart described in terms of use. And I expect that those results will be available late this year, early next. And the goal there is, gosh, if we see what we saw in Phase II for VX-548 acute pain, that would be a home run. So the diabetic peripheral neuropathy program, this is a multiple-dose-ranging proof-of-concept study where we also have a gabapentin arm for context. So what you should be looking for there is improvement in the pain score from baseline to the 12-week time point when we have the pain endpoint and you'll be able to make assessments versus the gabapentin arm that's in their fourth context. That study is fully enrolled and should also be available in terms of results late this year, early next.
Operator: The next question is from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: Kind of a follow-up to Mohit's question on the Vanza Triple, Talk about what the added benefit of the vanza triple needs to be versus TRIKAFTA to get patients to switch. You also mentioned getting patients to levels of carrier levels of sweat chloride. Could you ever get to a wild-type level of sweat chloride?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Let me take the second half of your question, Evan and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk through how we're seeing the commercial opportunity for the vanza triple. So when you look at parents, so carriers of the CF mutation, for those who don't have disease. When you are at those carrier levels of sweat chloride, you have virtually no manifestation of disease. That's why we're targeting carrier levels of sweat chloride. You're fundamentally -- just like you and me, I don't -- I'm not a carrier and I'm not a patient with CF. But if you are a carrier of CF, you are fundamentally unaffected. That's why that's the highest bar to achieve. And that's why that's the bar we continue to chase. The TRIKAFTA triple gets some patients there, the vanzacaftor triple will get more patients there. But our research continues and we've already identified additional potentiators and correctors that will get us to that ultimate goal of carrier levels of sweat chloride. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So -- and in terms of the sort of uptake and what's attractive of the profile, we know from speaking with CF clinicians if vanzacaftor has the sort of profile that Reshma described earlier, where it's delivering increased levels of benefit in terms of CFTR function as measured through sweat chloride that, that in and of itself will be an attractive proposition because as Reshma said, the link between increases in CFTR function and improvements in outcomes has been demonstrated through our own work. In addition, you were talking about patients potentially transitioning. I do think there's an important group we should also consider which is -- there have been a number of patients who over the years have discontinued their CFTR modulators. It's probably somewhere north of 6,000 patients who we know want to be on a CFTR modulator but have had to discontinue over the years. And I do think that's another population who will welcome an additional treatment option being available.
Operator: The next question is from Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow: Congrats on the quarter. Maybe one of the CRISPR-based DMD program. Are you still on track to file the IND in the second half? And then assuming all goes to plan, would it be reasonable to expect some clinical data in 2024? And then maybe if I could just have a quick follow-on to the vanzacaftor triple question. Just what do you think you need to see for this to be a launch that is as a major component of switches versus just a new patient acquisition launch?
Reshma Kewalramani: Colin, I think there are 2 separate questions in there. One about the vanza triple and what do we need to see and then one on DMD. Let me tackle the DMD, DM1 question, I'll come back to vanza. On the DMD question, I'm going to broaden it out to muscular dystrophies as a whole and I'll talk about DMD. and DM1. We have programs in DMD that are going through IND-enabling studies now as well as in DM1. We actually have multiple programs in DM1. The lead program is the one that we in-licensed from Entrada. And that program also is already in IND-enabling studies and both of them should have those results in the second half of '23. And our timing remains to file the IND for both DMD and for DM1 for the lead program in DM1 in the second half of this year. With regard to the vanza, I think Stuart just covered that. What we're looking to see in the way the study is designed is vanzacaftor in the Phase III program head-to-head versus TRIKAFTA and the primary endpoint is sweat chloride. And the reason for that is, again, with patients who -- with carriers, those with who have 1 CF gene, they have virtually no manifestations of disease. And that is measured assessed by the sweat chloride carrier level is a description of sweat chloride levels. So that's what we're measuring. We are, of course, going to have PPFEV1 in there. And as Stuart said, if the profile is, as I described it to be, improvement on sweat chloride levels, we expect it to have real value to patients. I'll also add that the vanzacaftor triple has a lower royalty burden than the TRIKAFTA combination.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Reshma. Thanks, Colin. Gary. That brings us to time. Could you close it out, please?
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session and the conference is also now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-01 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, all. My name is Susie Lisa, and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our first quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. On tonight's call making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed cystic fibrosis medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, the impact of foreign exchange is presented inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening, all, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We're pleased to have opened with a strong start to 2023, as first quarter global CF product revenues grew 13% versus the first quarter of 2022. In addition, we completed the Exa-cel U.S. rolling BLA submissions for sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia and secured U.S. approval for TRIKAFTA in patients two years to five years of age. Now is an especially exciting time at Vertex because within our five launches in five years, or five in five goal, we see multiple programs with near-term launch potential including exa-cel and sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia, the vanzacaftor triple in CF, and VX-548 for acute pain. In total, we now have programs in eight disease areas, in mid and late-stage development, six of which are past the proof-of-concept stage as depicted on slide five. With this breadth of compelling opportunities, we're investing accordingly to drive continued pipeline success, clinical trial progress, and the buildout of commercialization capabilities. In addition, beyond the eight disease areas already in the clinic, the next wave of innovation is advancing through preclinical development, including programs in Duchenne's muscular dystrophy, Myotonic dystrophy type 1, NAV1.7 for pain, and gentler conditioning agents for use with exa-cel. With a uniquely strong and durable CF franchise, multiple near-term commercial opportunities, a broad and rapidly advancing pipeline, a strong balance sheet, and an exceptionally talented and committed team, Vertex has never been as well-positioned to deliver for patients and shareholders for years to come. With that overview, I'll turn to the details of recent R&D progress starting with CF. Our next in-class vanzacaftor triple combination has completed enrollment in its two Phase 3 clinical trials in patients ages 12 years and above, known as SKYLINE 102 and SKYLINE 103 and is progressing well. Enrollment in patients ages six to 11 known as the RIDGELINE study is also advancing rapidly. We continue to anticipate the completion of the SKYLINE studies by the end of this year, and I'm pleased to share, we now project the completion of the RIDGELINE study at approximately the same time as the SKYLINE studies. Recognizing the very high bar set by TRIKAFTA, we have high expectations for the vanzacaftor triple program based on the totality of the evidence generated to-date, and as was recently reported in Lancet Respiratory Medicine. Preclinically, our HBE assays which have consistently proven to have robust translation from the bench into the clinic showed greater restoration of chloride transport with the vanzacaftor triple than with TRIKAFTA. In the Phase 2 clinical program, the vanzacaftor triple drove greater CFTR function and correspondingly lower levels of sweat chloride that has been seen with TRIKAFTA. As such, we believe the vanzacaftor triple has the potential for enhanced clinical benefit along with the convenience of once-daily dosing. In addition, we expect the vanza triple to carry substantially lower royalty burden. Another important study in our CF portfolio pertains to VX-522, our CFTR mRNA therapy that we're developing in partnership with Moderna for the more than 5,000 CF patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. We have initiated the single ascending dose or SAD study of VX-522 and are actively enrolling and dosing CF patients. We anticipate completing the SAD portion of the study and initiating the multiple ascending dose portion of the study this year. Turning now to exa-cel, our gene editing program for severe sickle cell disease and transfusion dependent beta thalassemia. exa-cel holds the potential to be the first CRISPR-based gene editing treatment to be approved, as well as the promise to be a one-time functional cure for these diseases. This is our most advanced program outside of CF and we expect exa-cel to be our next commercial launch. Per our prior guidance, we completed our BLA submissions for both sickle cell disease and TDT in the U.S. at the end of last quarter. We now await acceptance of our filings and assignment of the PDUFA date. Our filings include requests for Priority Review, which if granted will result in an eight months review by FDA from the time of submission. Internationally, as previously announced, both the EMA and MHRA have validated our exa-cel MAA submissions, and those filings are under review. We see a significant opportunity for exa-cel. Stuart will comment further on the market opportunity and our launch preparations in just a few minutes. Turning next to our pain program and VX-548, our novel highly selective NaV1.8 inhibitor that holds the promise of effective pain relief without the side effects or addictive properties of opioids. We have confidence in the outlook for this program, given, one, NaV1.8 is a genetically and pharmacologically validated target. Two, we have multiple positive proof-of-concept results with our predecessor NaV1.8 inhibitor VX-150 across acute, neuropathic, and musculoskeletal pain, and with VX-548 itself in acute pain. And three, our Phase 3 program with VX-548 in acute pain is substantially similar to the positive Phase 2 II trials we have already concluded. VX-548 has been granted Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations for acute pain in the U.S. We initiated pivotal development last year and enrollment and dosing across the three Phase 3 studies continue to progress nicely. These studies have been designed to support our goal of a broad moderate-to-severe acute pain label that would enable prescribing and usage across multiple care settings, including at the site of care post discharge and in the home. We continue to anticipate completing the acute pain Phase 3 pivotal program towards the end of this year or beginning of next creating another potentially significant and near-term commercial opportunity. In addition, we continue to enroll and dose patients in a twelve-week Phase 2 dose-ranging proof-of-concept study of VX-548 in diabetic peripheral neuropathy, a form of peripheral neuropathic pain. I am pleased to share, we also anticipate completing this Phase 2 study towards the end of this year or beginning of next. Transitioning now to inaxaplin or VX-147, the first potential medicine to target the underlying cause of APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD. In March, we were very pleased with the publication of the Phase 2 results for inaxaplin in the New England Journal of Medicine. Importantly, the paper was accompanied by an editorial and a feature on the science behind the study. We see this coverage in the New England Journal of Medicine as underscoring the importance of the inaxaplin data and the medicine's potential. The Phase 2b dose ranging portion of the global Phase 2, 3 pivotal study remains on track to complete this year. Recall, this study has a preplanned interim analysis at 48-weeks of treatment, which, if positive, could serve as the basis to seek accelerated approval in the U.S. With inaxaplin, we see the potential to bring a first-in-class treatment to the approximately 100,000 patients with AMKD in the U.S. and Europe and unlock a multibillion-dollar market opportunity. Moving now to Type one diabetes. There are more than 2.5 million people with Type one diabetes in North America and Europe alone, and we are committed to delivering a transformative, if not, curative medicine for this disease. We have three programs in our type one diabetes portfolio, all of which use the same fully differentiated insulin producing islet cells, which have already demonstrated proof-of-concept. Our first program or VX-880, the naked cell program use a standard immunosuppressive to protect the islet cells from the immune system. I am pleased to share that both part A and part B of the study are now fully enrolled and dosed. In both portions of the study, dosing of patients with staggered with Part A patients receiving half dose and Part B patients receiving the full target dose. The next step in the program is Part C in which patients will be treated concurrently with the full target dose. This should facilitate faster timelines. We look forward to sharing VX-880 data from more patients and with longer duration of follow-up at medical congresses this year, including the ADA Scientific Sessions in June. Our second program, VX-264 or the cells plus device program encapsulates these same cells in a proprietary device that is designed to shield the cells from the body's immune system, and hence there is no requirement for immunosuppressants. Both the IND in the U.S. and the CTA in Canada have cleared. Site activation and study initiation activities are underway in both the U.S. and Canada, and we look forward to enrolling and dosing patients in this Phase I, II study in the near-term. Third, our hypoimmune program in which we added the same cells to cloak them from the immune system. This would represent another path to obviating the need for immunosuppressives. In March, we expanded our collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics into type one diabetes and this new licensing agreement will enable us to use CRISPR-Cas9 to edit the cells. This research stage program continues to make progress. Lastly, also in the T1D portfolio, the ViaCyte VCTX-211 hypoimmune program using a ViaCyte cell line remains on track. This program is finished enrollment and dosing in Group one of the Phase 1, Phase 2 study. Let me conclude with our Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency or AATD program, which continues to enroll both the Phase 2 study for VX-864 and the Phase 1 study for VX-634. The Phase 2 program for VX-864 is a 40 eight week study in patients with AATD that will assess both liver clearance of the polymer and serum functional AAT levels. This study is projected to complete enrollment later this year. The Phase 1 healthy volunteer study of VX-634, the next in class molecule with multi-fold greater potency and better drug-like properties is projected to complete this year. With that, I'll now turn over the call to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. From a commercial perspective, our focus continues to be to reach all patients eligible for our CFTR modulators and maintain high levels of adherence among patients already on therapy, while also preparing for potential near term launches for exa-cel, VX-548 in acute pain, and the vanzacaftor triple combination in CF. I'll first review our CF first quarter commercial results and then the longer term outlook for our CF portfolio. I will then comment on the exa-cel opportunity and our launch preparations, given that we have now completed our regulatory filings in the U.S., Europe, and the U.K. We had a strong first quarter with growth predominantly driven by bringing our medicines to younger patients, including TRIKAFTA in children ages six to 11 in the U.S., pus Europe and Canada, and we remain confident in the growth outlook for 2023. Last week, as expected, we received FDA approval for TRIKAFTA in the U.S. for children ages two years to five years, which adds approximately 900 new patients who for the first time will have a treatment to address the underlying cause of their disease. Turning to the longer term outlook. We see continued growth in CF beyond 2023. As Reshma mentioned, at the beginning of this year, there were more than 20,000 people in North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand with CF who could benefit, but were not yet been treated with our approved medicines. Beyond the key growth driver of reaching younger patients through new approvals, we also continue to make progress in securing additional reimbursements. This includes multiple agreements spanning our CF portfolio for younger patients in Europe, and most recently also Australia and New Zealand. A second driver of CF product growth is the compelling portfolio of real world outcome studies, including model data which validate the positive outlook for long term growth in the overall CF population due to improved survival. Model data related to projected survival and long term health outcomes were recently published in the Journal of Cystic Fibrosis and include a 33.5 year increase in median projected survival with TRIKAFTA therapy versus the standard of care. The third growth driver for our CF portfolio will be our next generation vanzacaftor triple, which provides an opportunity to bring a new and potentially improved treatment option to patients, including those who discontinued therapy with our other medicines. We estimate that there are approximately 6,000 patients who have discontinued one of our existing CFTR modulators. And longer term, a fourth factor that helped drive extended growth in our CF portfolio is VX-522, which is designed to provide mRNA therapy for the more than 5,000 patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. Shifting now to exa-cel, which holds curative potential for patients with sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia. With the recent completion of our exa-cel regulatory submissions in the U.S., Europe, and U.K., our commercial teams are preparing for the potential approval and launch of this multi-billion dollar opportunity. Sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia are neither silent nor undiagnosed diseases. Our initial launch will focus on the approximately 32,000 most severe patients in the U.S. and Europe. These patients have been sick their entire lives with a chronic often disabling disease that carries a high burden of care. They could soon have the opportunity for a potential lifetime cure. Our launch preparations are informed by extensive market research and insight generation, including through direct engagement with patients, providers, and payers to understand their perceptions of gene therapy and the potential uptake of a product like exa-cel. We are encouraged by the strong interest and enthusiasm shown by all stakeholders for a genetic therapy that could provide transformative benefit for patients. Starting with patients. The journey for someone to receive exa-cel can be summarized in three key phases. One, the pre-treatment period where patients decide a genetic therapy is right for them, and are referred to an authorized treatment center by their hematologists and begin the cell collection process. Two, the manufacturing period where a patient cells are edited and become the exa-cel drug product. And three, the treatment period where a patient receives myeloablative conditioning, then their edited cells, and is followed for successful engraftment. Survey data from sickle cell and beta thalassemia patients indicate that more than a quarter strongly believe genetic therapy is the right choice for them. Of the balance, the vast majority want to learn more about future treatment options through their own research and through the lived experience is of exa-cel patients and their treating physicians. With providers, we've learned there is a clear recognition of the differences between various genetic therapy approaches and a strong preference for gene edited therapies like exa-cel over gene insertion approaches using lentivirus. Our market research suggests that approximately 70% of providers prefer a gene editing approach over other gene therapy mechanisms. Our teams are focused on providing access to key support and systems for both patients and providers to ensure the best possible treatment experienced. Accordingly, we have made strong progress toward ensuring authorized treatment centers are administratively and logistically prepared to initiate the exa-cel treatment journey for patients upon approval. Approximately 50 U.S. centers are actively engaged in the process to become an ATC located in those areas with the highest prevalence of patients. Similarly. in all four key European markets, all 25 targeted ATC sites are in process. Payers are another important area of focus. We are actively engaging with key commercial and government payers and policymakers in the U.S. and Europe. First, with regard to commercial payers in the U.S. Our conversations are focused on the patient need and clinical profile of exa-cel including dramatic reductions in VOCs and hospitalizations for sickle cell disease patients and in transfusions for beta thalassemia patients. We are confident that payers will recognize exa-cel's value in patient populations where current lifetime cost of care can exceed $4 million. We are working with insurers to ensure broad access for the approximately 35% of sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent thalassemia patients who are commercially insured. Now to government payers. Approximately 45% of severe sickle cell disease patients in the U.S. are insured by Medicaid and thus, we've also been working with state agencies to ensure Medicaid patients have broad access to exa-cel. We recognize that a critical element for adoption is ensuring a separate payment for the exa-cel therapy in addition to the reimbursement already in place for the transplant procedure costs. Encouragingly, many states are already providing access to cell and gene therapies with separate payment policies for the procedure and the therapy, and we continue to engage with state agencies around payment models ahead of the launch. In addition, in February of this year, the Biden administration demonstrated their commitment to ensuring access to cell and gene therapies like exa-cel through the announcement of a CMS demonstration project called the Cell and Gene Therapy or CGT access model. The CGT access model will be administered through CMS's innovation center, which is a total budget of approximately $10 billion for the exploration and testing of novel delivery methods and approaches intended to accelerate and enhance broad Medicaid access for sickle cell disease patients. The CGT access model will overtime facilitate this in two important ways, by creating a pathway for state Medicaid agencies to delegate authority to CMS to coordinate and facilitate innovative payment models including outcomes-based agreements or OBAs with cell and gene therapy manufacturers like Vertex. And in addition, CMS has confirmed any outcomes based arrangement for inpatient therapies requires payment separate from the hospital inpatient bundle. We view the CGT access model as an important indicator of the understanding of the severity of these diseases and the need to provide broad access to potentially transformative therapies for these historically underserved patient populations. We are extremely excited about the potential for exa-cel, our first commercial launch outside of CF in many years and look forward to updating you further on our launch preparation activities on future calls. I'm also looking forward to updating you on our continued progress to discover, develop. and secure access to transformative medicines for all people living with CF. I will now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex's results in the first quarter of 2023 demonstrate our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile regardless of macroeconomic conditions. First quarter 2023 revenue increased 13% year-over-year to $2.37 billion. Growth was led by a 33% year-over-year increase outside the U.S. on continued strong uptake of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO in markets with recently achieved reimbursement, as well as label extensions into younger age groups. U.S. CF revenue grew 3% year-over-year with ongoing consistent performance. First quarter 2023 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D, and SG&A expenses were $1.2 billion compared to $687 million in the first quarter of 2022. Q1, 2023 results include $347 million of acquired IPR&D charges, compared to just $2 million of such charges in the first quarter of 2022. First quarter 2023 IPR&D expenses resulted from several new collaborations, which augment our internal innovation efforts as detailed on slide 15, including collaborations with Entrada Therapeutics and DM1 ImmunoGen for gentler conditioning agents and the expansion of our relationship with CRISPR Therapeutics into Type one diabetes. Aside from our investments in external innovation and the resulting higher acquired IPR&D charges, operating expense growth was driven as expected by continued investment in research in our advancing pipeline, which includes mid and late stage clinical assets across eight different disease areas. For example, these investments are directed towards clinical studies for the vanzacaftor triple in CF, VX-548 in acute pain, and type one diabetes, as well as pre-commercial build-out activities for exa-cel and other potential near-term launches. Given the potentially transformative benefit to patients and multibillion-dollar market opportunities for our programs, we will continue to invest appropriately. First quarter 2023 non-GAAP operating income was $902 million in the quarter, compared to $1.17 billion in the first quarter of 2022. First quarter adjusted earnings per share were $3.05. We ended the quarter with $11.5 billion in cash and investments, as our cash flow generation and balance sheet remain very strong. Now switching to guidance. Given our first quarter results and our consistent execution, there are no changes to our 2023 financial guidance as detailed on slide 16. We continue to expect product revenue guidance of $9.55 billion to $9.7 billion, representing 7% to 9% growth year-over-year. Note that, this guidance continues to include an expected approximate 1.5 percentage point headwind to our revenue growth, inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. As we mentioned in early February, given our years of experience in CF, we have strong visibility to our 2023 revenue guidance range, which is inclusive of expected new approvals like the TRIKAFTA U.S. approval in patients ages two to five and new reimbursements outside the U.S. Note too that 2023 product revenue guidance continues to reflect revenue from cystic fibrosis products only. Exa-cel is not included in guidance as potential approval and launch dates in the EU, UK and US are still to be determined. We are also reiterating our 2023 guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D, and SG&A expenses in the range of $3.9 billion to $4 billion. Our 2023 non-GAAP operating expense guidance now includes approximately $400 million of upfronts and milestones from previously existing or recently completed BD transactions versus the $300 million that was anticipated at the beginning of the year. Our operating expenses continue to be more than 70% allocated to R&D and are funding the significant continued progress of our multiple mid and late stage clinical development programs. Additionally, we are funding the expansion of our commercialization capabilities in anticipation of the multibillion dollar market opportunities represented by our programs with near term launch potential. Our guidance for projected full year 2023 non-GAAP effective tax rate of 21% to 22% is also unchanged. In closing, Vertex performed exceptionally well in the first quarter of 2023. We delivered strong revenue growth, invested internally and externally, and accelerated programs across our diverse pipeline. We're also proud of our industry leading culture of innovation that we believe will continue to drive long term success. A few highlights from our recently published Corporate Responsibility Report are found on slide 17. And as we continue to advance our programs in 2023, we anticipate further important milestones as highlighted on slide 18 to mark our continued progress in multiple disease areas. We look-forward to updating you on our progress on future calls. And I'll ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. With regard to the exa-cel launch, you discussed the three steps that need to occur for patients to get treatment here. Could you just speak to the overall time that will be required in your mind after approval for a patient to actually be administered drug? And then secondly, the gene insertion competitor clearly has been doing work here and it's taken some time, but they've done foundational payer work. Just wondering what the read through is from all the work they've done to your launch progress as well. And in the context of this on the R&D and SG&A front, as we look to next year, how do we think about how that SG&A line might inflect in the context of not just this launch, but also the pain launch as well? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Salveen, thanks very much for the question. I'm going to ask Stuart to talk about the exa-cel timelines and a little bit about the launch. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, so Salveen, as I outlined in my prepared remarks, this is a relatively extended process that takes multiple months from beginning to end. As I said, from the patient deciding with their physician with a genetic approach is the one that they would like to undertake through mobilization and the manufacturing then very, very importantly the last step which is obviously the most important because that's when they are infused with their edited cells because of the nature of that loss that's where the patient if they want to go myeloablative conditioning and therefore has a multi week stay in the hospital once they're followed to see whether the product has ingrafted before they are released from the hospital, they have to schedule that into their life, and so that is obviously a very significant undertaking for an individual. But, of course, the payoff there is they're looking to get a potential lifetime cure for that multi-month process. So it is a multi-month process with that last step obviously been one, if they need to schedule into their life. Hopefully, then to receive a lifetime of benefit from exa-cel. In terms of what do we learning from the marketplace more interaction with payers, we're incredibly encouraged by the reaction we've had from payers both their understanding of the severity of both sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent thalassemia and the very significant burden that it has on patients, their families, and of course, the broader healthcare system and the cost associated with that. Also, we're very encouraged by their reaction to the product profile that exa-cel has and how positive they appear to be working with us to try and ensure that there is as nearest possible access to that exa-cel is close to possibly post approval. So we're really very encouraged by the response from there across the continuum, commercial payers, and very importantly for this population both Medicaid and Medicare. I think you had a question on SG&A evolution. I think that's probably best handled by Charlie. So Charlie, do you want to take that one?
Charlie Wagner: Yes, Salveen, thanks. Given that we've just reiterated our 2023 OpEx guidance, you can expect, I'm not going to have much to comment on about 2024. I will say that the growth in OpEx in 2023, of course, is driven by the advancements in the pipeline, we've got multiple programs in mid and late stage including a few that are very close to commercialization. Even with that the majority, over 70% of our OpEx is invested in R&D. Looking ahead, as we have more programs moving towards commercialization, you could see a little bit of a mix shift towards commercial spend, but importantly, with our model of focusing on transformative medicines in specialty populations, we always expect that SG&A burden on the business would be quite low. It gives us the ability to drive significant profitability over time.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from David Risinger with SV8 Securities. Please go ahead.
David Risinger: Yes, thanks very much, and thank you for the updates. So I was hoping if you could talk about your vision for VX-548 in chronic pain. So obviously, you're studying it in DPN. But specifically, what I'm interested in is, assuming that you succeed in your Phase 2 neuropathic pain trial, how might Vertex pursue Phase 3 development, how do you see the target product profile for the product? And would you consider development in musculoskeletal pain as well? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hi, Dave. This is Reshma. Let me take that one for you. We see three distinct areas for a drug like VX-548. One is acute pain. I'll put that aside for now and I'll come back to it. And instead of seeing the chronic market as one market, we actually see it as two. The first being neuropathic pain. And the second being, let's call it, musculoskeletal pain. In that chronic market which we subdivided into two, our immediate area of interest and where we are already in Phase 2 in the update on today's call is that we are now projecting the completion of that Phase 2 proof-of-concept study by the end of this year, early next. We see that as a very substantial market and we are pursuing that first because, one, their very high unmet need. Two because it fits our commercialization model, that is to say, a specialty market. I fully expect that VX-548 and NaV1.8 inhibition in general will also be effective for musculoskeletal pain. And I say that not based on conjuncture but rather because the product sets are molecules VX-150, we've already taken that into a form of musculoskeletal pain and it was positive there as well. So the way I see our pain portfolio progressing is acute pain first. We're already in phase 3. That program will be completed towards the end of this year, beginning of next and I see that as the first pain opportunity in terms of nearest to market. Second, the neuropathic pain program, and I do expect that 548 will work in musculoskeletal pain. I don't see that as a Vertexian disease because it requires a primary care outreach but certainly, if the medicine can help, and I believe it will, we'll find a way to get it to patients but that will be through a Vertex commercialization enterprise.
David Risinger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great, thank you for taking my question. Maybe a question on exa-cel, one more question on that. So I know -- I mean you are excited about the opportunity, and you're talking about 32,000 patients there and the drug clearly works. I mean, it's pretty amazing. But when we talk to doctors, they talk about maybe initial opportunity will be in 5,000 to 10,000 patients in the U.S. and they're a little bit worried about safety at this point, early on and the investment community is also a little bit looking at it as a show-me story. So could you help us understand what we are missing in terms of when you talk to payers and prescribers, where do you think the disconnect is? And how do you think like what steps would need to happen for -- what is disconnect to disappear? Obviously, launch would be an important part there.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, Mohit. This is Reshma. I think your question is about exa-cel and what do we really see as the real potential? I have very high confidence in the fact that there is significant unmet need. This is a disease that has really no therapy that can offer curative potential, full stop. There is no debate on that. With regard to the potential of our medicine, all of the data that we've showed to date show that this medicine has transformative, if not curative potential. And I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on what we've heard from patients, from payers, and from stakeholders in general about their level of understanding and enthusiasm for this product. And I'll also ask Stuart to remind what we see as the market size. What I'll say is that in the U.S. and Europe, there are 150,000 people with sickle cell and beta-thalassemia. We are not targeting that full set with this busulfan based conditioning exa-cel program, we're targeting 32,000. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. As Reshma said, the 32,000, those patients who are sort of the severe end of the spectrum, essentially, patients very similar to those that were enrolled in our clinical trials. These are patients who are having multiple occlusive crises per year for our sickle cell disease population and multiple transfusions in the year for those in the transfusion-dependent thalassemia patient population. So these are patients who -- whose lives are very, very significantly impacted by their disease, and it really impacts all aspects of their life, impacts their loved ones, impacts their ability to work, and they have a very, very significant burden of disease and also a very significant burden for the health care system. So in the discussions that we've had with both patients, payers, and physician groups, the unmet need is very, very clearly well understood, the potential for curative onetime therapies is very, very much something that people are looking forward to. I think with any new technology and with any new product, there are always going to be some questions that people will have around things like safety as these are really transformative and innovative therapies. And to some extent, for some people, that's something that can only get solved over the course of time and with their own live experience. But certainly, the level of enthusiasm we're seeing from all stakeholders is very, very high, and we're very optimistic about this being a multibillion-dollar opportunity.
Mohit Bansal: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the question. Just have a couple. Stuart, on the vanzacaftor triple. Just curious on your updated view as to differentiation, obviously, beyond dosing. Just assuming that a patient is doing well on TRIKAFTA, would the argument be to switch or I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that patients have been -- have discontinued TRIKAFTA, what's the logic and then maybe responding to the new vanzacaftor triple? And then secondly, Charlie, or Reshma, you guys have almost $12 billion in cash, pretty good pipeline and no real urgent need for BD. So should we think about capital investments in areas that are probably need even more of a build-out like gene or cell therapy? I'm just curious about that uses of cash going forward? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, Geoff. Let me ask Stuart to tackle vanzacaftor first and then I'll ask Charlie to comment on capital allocation. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Hey, Geoff. So on vanzacaftor, just to remind everybody on the call, our goal in cystic fibrosis is to get as many people as possible to carrier levels of chloride transport as we can. Carryovers of sweat chloride, pardon me, as we can because we believe if we can do that, we will essentially be able to prevent CF developing in people as we know it today. As you know, from our in-vitro assays, but also from our clinical data with the vanzacaftor triple combination, we believe we can get to even higher levels than we've even been able to establish with TRIKAFTA which, as you know, so it's a very, very high bar. And so the study that we have ongoing, both in 12 plus but also is our 6 to 11 is aimed to do just that, to compare TRIKAFTA with vanzacaftor. And obviously, we were looking forward to seeing the data when those studies read out. As you identified, I think there's really going to be sort of two treatment opportunities for the vanzacaftor triple combination. If the efficacy is superior to what we see with TRIKAFTA, I think it's going to be a really exciting new treatment option, either for those people who are currently being treated with one of our existing CFTR modulators or for patients who have discontinued one of our CFTR modulators. And I said in my prepared remarks, globally, there are about 6,000 of those patients now. Now your question is why might they respond to vanzacaftor if they haven't responded to our other medicines. Actually, the major reason for discontinuation is not lack of efficacy. Our products are amazingly efficacious in just about every patient. It tends to be for things like adverse events. And so I do think it's going to be an attractive treatment option for people to consider who may have discontinued one of our previous CFTR modulators. So obviously, the data will be very influential to all of this. We're looking forward to seeing that and also the studies are fully enrolled and ongoing, and so we're looking forward to seeing that data. But I do think vanza has the potential to be an even better treatment option for many patients even in TRIKAFTA.
Charlie Wagner: And then, Geoff, on capital allocation, no change at all in our strategy or priorities. Our priority continues to be investment in innovation, both internally and externally. You saw that we were active with BD in the first quarter. While it may be true that if you look back over the last 18 months or so, we've done a number of BD transactions in cell and gene therapy, I don't think you have to project forward that that's the only place we're focused. As you know, we've got a sandbox of disease areas, and we are modality agnostic and we'll do the deals that make sense for our program areas and fit our strategy. Lastly, I guess I would be remiss to point out, we do have an ongoing share buyback program as well. We've been at that for about five years or so. And that program continues to be a part of our capital allocation strategy.
Geoff Meacham: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking our questions. A few on VX-548 in acute pain. Can you talk a bit more about your target product profile? What level of energy do you want to achieve with how many side effects? Then maybe as a follow-on to that, could you discuss the target patient population, who would be the ideal patient for non-opioid option? And how many procedures per year, approximately does that patient group have? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me comment on the target product profile a bit, and then I'll ask Stuart to comment on the market size, both in terms of patient numbers and dollar potential. So Phil, if we recapitulate the results that we saw in Phase 2, which you'll recall, is substantially similar to what we're doing in Phase 3. That is to say, a study in abdominoplasty as a form of a soft tissue model and bunionectomy as a form of a hard tissue pain model, that would be a home run for us. What I mean by that is efficacy, pain relief that's quick and durable, a benefit risk profile that is quite attractive and by mechanism of action, that is to say the way 548 works is on the peripheral nervous system, not centrally no addictive potential. That is an absolute home run. I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on market size in terms of dollars and patients. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks, Reshma. So the study program that we've got is we designed, which Reshma just commented on, is designed to secure for us a label for moderate to severe acute pain. In contrast to a number of other relatively recent approvals in acute pain, which have been related to postsurgical pain and linked to certain procedure types, that's not the label we are seeking for. We are seeking a label for moderate to severe acute pain with large, could be post surgical and that's indeed the nature of our studies, but that is not the label we're seeking. So we are not sizing the market based on the number of procedures or the number of a surgery, it is for the broad treatment of acute pain, which can't be controlled with kind of standard NSAIDs and things like that. When you look at that market opportunity in the U.S. alone, it's roughly 1.5 billion treatment days of medicine are utilized and despite 90-plus percent of those prescriptions being generic, therefore, very, very cheap, it is a $4 billion market in the US today. So we see a very, very significant commercial opportunity for VX-548 if it has the profile that Reshma described.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Andrew Tsai: Andrew Tsai on for Michael Yee. Thanks for all the updates. So I wanted to follow up on the acute and chronic pain study. So the first question we have is, do you think acute pain should have read-through to chronic pain and vice versa? And then second question for us is for your Phase 1 CF program with Moderna. We understand this is a SAD data set coming up later this year. But just curious when we can expect to see longer-term that data? Is it possible that could come out later this year or should we be ruling out that scenario? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me take the mRNA question first, and then I'll come back around to pain. With regard to the program we have ongoing with Moderna, that's the VX-522 program. It is a program for the approximately last 5,000 patients or so who simply can't benefit from CFTR modulators. It is a SAD MAD program with the SAD portion of it going on right now. When we did KALYDECO and TRIKAFTA, for example, our patients used to tell us that they knew from the first day that they were on placebo or active therapy. So I can't rule out when we will know whether we have efficacy. But in terms of time lines and what you can plan for, we expect to be done with the SAD this year, and we expect to be well into the MAD this year. So those are the time lines we're looking forward to. With regard to the pain studies and what you could expect there, I don't really see read-through from acute to chronic neuropathic pain or vice versa. What I do see read through is from the Phase 2 studies to Phase 3. And I also see read-through from the NaV1.8 class. That is to say VX-150, which already showed efficacy in acute neuropathic and musculoskeletal. So as I look forward to the VX-548 pain study results, and the VX-548 dose-ranging Phase 2 neuropathic range neuropathic study results, that's where I'm looking to for precedents, the Phase 2 program in VX-548 itself in acute pain, and the VX-150 program across the three pain types.
Andrew Tsai: Very clear. Very helpful. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure.
Operator: The next question will come from Will Pickering with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Will Pickering: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Another one on pain. For the neuropathic pain study, could you talk about reasons to be optimistic that this drug will compare favorably to existing treatment options based on your experience with VX-150? And then very quickly on sickle cell and the CGT access model, how does the time line for that program compared to the expected launch time line for exa-cel? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. The first question on how do we think about VX-548 in neuropathic pain and what are our expectations. As I shared with you earlier, when we were waiting on the acute pain Phase 2 results, I have high expectations for the VX-548 program in general, and that extends to neuropathic pain. And the reasons for that are multifold, but here are three reasons. One, NaV1.8 as a target has often been called the holy grail in the pain setting because pain signals go through the NaV1.8 channel, and that's how these signals are propagated. So they are central to the perception of pain. That is for acute and that is the same for neuropathic. Two, VX-150, the predecessor molecule already delivered positive proof of concept in neuropathic pain. That study had patients, the 150 study had patients with something called small fiber neuropathy, and it also had patients with diabetic neuropathy, that's the study we're doing now, diabetic neuropathy. And three, the VX-548 molecule is multifold, more potent and has better drug-like properties, which is why we went on to seek another molecule despite the success with VX-150. You put that all together and that sort of gives you a sense for why we have our high expectations for this. I think you had a second question on TDT. Let me ask Stuart to comment on that.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Well, so on the CGT access model, I would consider this kind of complementary to our ongoing efforts with both government and commercial payers, secure access for exa-cel as close to approval as we possibly can. The model has only just been announced, and so it's obviously going to take a while for that to be fleshed out and then implemented. We're certainly not relying on that to be in place for a successful launch of exa-cel. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've been having extensive discussions with both government and commercial payers for the last few months, and we'll continue to up to and post the approval of exa-cel and so we are working with them. We're not relying on the CDT access model for a successful launch. What I do think it is a signal of though, is just how important payers consider getting innovative therapies like exa-cel through these traditionally underserved patient population. So to us, it's a real indicator of a groundswell of opinion that people want to get these transformative medicines to patients that has been poorly treated in the past.
Will Pickering: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jessica Fye with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Hey there. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I have a commercial question on VX-548. I believe that randomized Phase 3 trials have a primary analysis against placebo, but there's also an opioid comparator arm. How do you think about the commercial implications if the pain efficacy looks better or worse than the opioid arm? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Jess, this is Reshma. You're right about the study design. It is a study that has a primary endpoint of VX-548 versus placebo just like the Phase 2 study and there is a secondary endpoint with regard to the opioid comparator arm. And you'll remember in the Phase 2 study, we also had an opioid arm, but in the Phase 2 program, given the reasonably efficient study design, it was not for comparison, but for context. But I will point you to the press release that we put out to give you if you want to get a sense for what the magnitude of the treatment effect was and how it compares. And I'll just say that it compares favorably, of course, it was not there for comparison. Let me turn it over to Stuart to comment on the commercial implications.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Jessica, if you offered people today, a medicine, which had opioid-like efficacy but without all of the associated baggage, including addictive potential, they would tell you that, that is a very, very attractive treatment option for them to be considering. If we were superior to an opioid, then probably that would be additionally beneficial and something that we would obviously be very pleased about. However, I don't want you to take away anything other than if you have opioid-like efficacy without the baggage, that is a very, very attractive treatment option. And I think that would be a very commercially successful option.
Jessica Fye: Thanks. And if I could just seek a follow-up. Are there any side effects that we should be keeping an eye out for with this mechanism as we approach the Phase 3 readout?
Reshma Kewalramani: Jess, this is Reshma. If you look at the Phase 2 data, both in abdominoplasty and bunionectomy, the benefit risk profile looks very good. And when you look specifically at safety and tolerability, it compares very, very well to placebo. So a really good-looking side effect profile.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Bristow with UBS. Please go ahead.
Colin Bristow: Hey, good afternoon and congrats on the quarter and all the progress. Maybe first on the pipeline and CRISPR-based DMD therapy. Could you give us any more color on the progress of the IND filing? And is it reasonable for us to expect any clinical data in 2024? And then second on VX-880. What should we expect to see at ADA in terms of patient numbers and cohorts? And then just a follow-on from that, with regards to VX-264. Now the IND is cleared, could you give us any more color in terms of the materials or the design of the device? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, Colin. There were a couple of questions in there. Let me talk about the type 1 diabetes questions first, and then I'll come back around to DMD. With regard to the type 1 diabetes portfolio at Vertex, we really have three programs. The first is VX-880. That's the naked cell program that uses off-the-shelf immunosuppressive. That's the program that has completed, and I'm very pleased to share completed Part A and Part B, and that's the program where we're going to share the results at multiple congresses through the year, starting with ADA. What you should expect there is the full cohort of Part A and Part B patients and you should expect that, that is to say more patients' worth of data than we've previously shared and longer-term data, including some patients that are out more than a year. Those same cells, the VX-880 cells are the foundation for Program 2, which is the self-plus device program, and those same cells are the foundation for Program 3, which is the hypoimmune program. And that's really important because -- as you know, there are two parts to this. The first is having cells that are fully differentiated and insulin producing. We've got that. And the second is how to evade the immune system. In the 264 program, we made the immune system with a device. I'm not going to share any more details than we have in the past. But I will say that it's a proprietary device that has a particular material, geometry, and structure that allow for oxygenation and nutrient transport as well as sensing of glucose and release of insulin without worry of the immune system coming into the cells and from what we've seen to date in large animal models and small, no fibrosis. And of course, the third is the cells with the edits so that the edited cells evade the immune system. With regard to when we can see data from VX-264, we haven't guided to that, but we are very pleased with the clearance of the CTA and IND and we expect the trial to start dosing patients in the near future. With regard to the DMD program, you'll recall that our approach is different than the approach being taken by many in the field. That is to say our approach is grounded in human genetics and what we see is that if you have near full length or full-length dystrophin, which is the goal of our program, you have a very mild version of the disease. There is no such human genetic validation for an approach using microdystrophin. We're excited about the program. It is in its IND-enabling studies, and we are on track to complete those studies and get the IND filed towards the second half of this year.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Colin. Just that brings us to time. So can you wrap it up, please?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, ma'am. That will conclude our question-and-answer session as well as our conference call for today. A replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1 (877) 344-7529 or 1 (412) 317-0088 and you can use the replay access code 8384718. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa, please go ahead.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, everyone. My name is Susie Lisa and as the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex, it is my pleasure to welcome you to our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results conference call. On tonight's call making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertexs CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer, and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in todays press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertexs marketed cystic fibrosis medicines, our pipeline and Vertexs future financial performance are based on managements current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, the impact of a foreign exchange is presented inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. Good evening all and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased to have closed out a strong 2022 with full year global CF product revenue up 18% versus 2021. Our full year 2023 product revenue guidance is $9.55 billion to $9.7 billion, representing 7% to 9% growth year-on-year inclusive of FX headwind of approximately 1.5%. We have more than 20,000 patients still to reach with CFTR modulators and we continue to work with focus and urgency to reach all patients with CF around the globe who may benefit from our therapies. It is an exciting time for Vertex. Our medicines have transformed CF and the growth of our CF business has transformed Vertex. Our differentiated R&D approach led to our multiple life-changing therapies in cystic fibrosis and is designed to deliver transformative medicines for serious diseases at high rates of success. Agnostic to modality, it is delivering just that. In aggregate, our mid and late-stage clinical pipeline holds the promise to deliver potentially transformative benefit for patients across eight disease areas. As detailed on Slide 5, each program holds the potential to be best-in-class and transform the disease and each represents a multi-billion dollar market opportunity. Furthermore, we see the opportunity to launch new products into five of these disease areas within the next five years or our five and five goal and we're not done. The next wave of innovation is also making progress and advancing through preclinical development, including programs in Duchenne's muscular dystrophy and myotonic dystrophy Type 1. This breadth of pipeline success, accelerated pace of clinical trial progress and build out of commercial capabilities for upcoming product launches warrant continued investments in 2023. As such, we are strategically investing and focusing on execution to drive forward the significant opportunity with a uniquely strong and durable CF franchise, a deep, broad and advancing R&D pipeline with multiple potentially near-term commercial opportunities, a strong balance sheet and a deeply talented and committed team, Vertex is well positioned to deliver for patients and shareholders for years to come. With that overview, I'll turn to the details of recent R&D progress. Starting with CF. We'll continue our journey in cystic fibrosis as we serially innovate to bring highly efficacious therapies to all CF patients. Our next in class vanzacaftor triple combination completed enrollment in its two Phase 3 clinical trials, SKYLINE 102 and SKYLINE 103 in patients ages 12 years and older in Q4 of 2022. While TRIKAFTA sets a very high bar, our enthusiasm for this vanzacaftor program is also high. This program could deliver even greater benefits to patients given one, our highly predictive, in vitro human bronchial epithelial or HPE cell assays showed the vanza triple was superior to TRIKAFTA in improving chloride transport, a direct measure of CFTR function. Two, our Phase 2 clinical data also suggest the potential for greater efficacy for vanzacaftor versus TRIKAFTA. And three, the vanzacaftor triple also has the benefit of once-daily oral dosing and a substantially reduced royalty burden relative to TRIKAFTA. The Phase 3 trial are currently in the 52 week dosing period and we anticipate their completion towards the end of this year. Another important program is the VX-522 program, our CFTR mRNA approach that we are developing in partnership with Moderna for CF patients who cannot benefit from our CFTR modulators. In December of 2022, the FDA cleared the IND for VX-522 and the single ascending dose study in CF patients was initiated last year, a major milestone for Vertex and the field. We have high expectations given over five years of research that led to the discovery of VX-522 with the following properties, one, delivery of mRNA at high efficiency into HBE cells; two, expression of CFTR protein leading to high levels of chloride transport; and three, in both rodents and non-human primates expression of CFTR protein in the desired cells; and lastly, a preclinical safety profile that supported advancement into human clinical trials. We are excited with the progress of VX-522, which brings hope to the more than 5,000 CF patients who are still waiting for a treatment that targets the underlying cause of their disease. Turning now to exa-cel, our gene-editing program for severe sickle cell disease and transfusion dependent beta thalassemia. This is our most advanced program outside of CF and we expect exa-cel to be our next commercial launch. In late Q4, we completed our regulatory submissions for exa-cel for both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia in the EU and UK. Both the EMA and the MHRA have recently validated the MAA submissions. And in the U.S., we remain on track to complete our rolling BLA submission by the end of this quarter. The remarkable clinical benefits are evident in the data weve shared to date. Exa-cel holds the promise to be the first CRISPR-based gene-editing treatment to be approved and represents a near-term and significant market opportunity, which Stuart will detail. Turning next to VX-548 and our pain program. VX-548 is our novel selective NaV1.8 inhibitor that holds a promise of highly effective pain relief without the side effects or addictive potential of opioids. If approved, VX-548 would represent the first new class of pain medicine in decades with the potential to address the staggeringly high unmet need in acute pain. VX-548 acts on the peripheral nerves to block the pain signal and thus may be able to provide effective pain relief without the abuse potential, which is a central nervous system phenomenon. We have high expectations for this program because NaV1.8 is a genetically and pharmacologically validated target. Second, we have multiple positive proof of concept results with VX-150, a predecessor molecule to VX-548 and proof of concept with VX-548 itself. And lastly, our Phase 3 program in acute pain is substantially similar to the positive Phase 2 trials we have already conducted. VX-548 has been granted Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designation in the U.S. We initiated pivotal development last year and we are enrolling patients across three Phase 3 studies with the goal of seeking a broad moderate to severe acute pain label. We anticipate completing the Phase 3 pivotal program towards the end of this year or the beginning of next, creating another potentially significant and near-term commercial opportunity, which Stuart will also discuss. In addition to validation of NaV1.8 as a target in acute pain, it has also been validated as a target in neuropathic pain. I am pleased to share that in late Q4, we initiated a 12-week Phase 2 dose ranging proof of concept study for VX-548 in peripheral neuropathic pain. We look forward to updating you as this Phase 2 program progresses and to sharing more on the market opportunity on future calls. Transitioning now to inaxaplin or VX-147, the first potential medicine to target the underlying cause of APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD, post the positive Phase 2 proof of concept study, inaxaplin is now being studied in a single adaptive Phase 2/3 pivotal trial. This study has a pre-planned interim analysis at 48 weeks of treatment, which if positive could serve as the basis to seek accelerated approval in the U.S. Our goal is to complete the Phase 2 dose ranging portion of the Phase 2/3 pivotal study this year, select a dose, and then continue on to the Phase 3 portion. We are also working to increase awareness screening and diagnosis through multiple initiatives given the high unmet need and the approximately 100,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe alone. With inaxaplin, we see the potential of bringing a first-in-class treatment to patients with AMKD and unlocking a multi-billion dollar market opportunity. Moving to type 1 diabetes where a goal is to deliver a transformative if not curative therapy for the more than 2.5 million patients with type 1 diabetes in North America and Europe. We are advancing multiple programs. First, VX-880 is our stem cell-derived, fully differentiated, insulin-producing islet cells, which use standard immunosuppressive to protect the cells from the immune system. These cells are also foundational for the other two T1D programs. For VX-880, we achieved proof-of-concept last year with the first two patients treated in Part A of the VX-880 study. We have now fully enrolled Part B, where patients will receive the target dose on a staggered basis. The next phase is Part C, expected to initiate later this year in which patients will be treated concurrently with the target dose. We look forward to sharing VX-880 data from more patients and with longer duration of follow up at medical congresses this year. Second VX-264 or the cells plus device, which encapsulates the same fully differentiated insulin producing islet cells in a proprietary device that shields the cells from the bodys immune system and hence there is no requirement for immunosuppressants. In late Q4, we simultaneously filed a CTA in Canada as well as the IND in the U.S. As we shared last month, the CTA has cleared and we look forward to initiating enrollment and dosing of patients in Canada in the coming months. In the U.S., the IND has not cleared. We have received and responded to the FDAs questions. We look forward to working with the agency with urgency, so that we can initiate the study in the U.S. as soon as possible. Third, in our hypoimmune program, we are editing the same fully differentiated insulin producing islets to cloak them from the immune system, another path to obviating the need for immunosuppressive. This program continues to progress in preclinical development. Let me close the T1D section with an update on the ViaCyte acquisition through which we gained intellectual property, tools and capabilities that hold the potential to accelerate our goal of developing transformative treatments for this disease. We have now completed our data and portfolio review and are very pleased with the progress to date. We have begun executing our integration plans. On the clinical side, a Phase 1/2 study of VCTX-211, a hypoimmune cell program that originated with ViaCyte and that Vertex is now developing in partnership with CRISPR Therapeutics has been initiated and is ongoing. All other ViaCyte clinical trials have completed enrollment and dosing and are in the follow-up stage. Ill finish up with the alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or AATD program. Both a Phase 1 study of VX-634, the first in a series of next wave AAT correctors and a 48-week Phase 2 study of VX-864, our first generation AAT corrector are ongoing. We look forward to updating you as these programs advance. Ill now ask Stuart to review our commercial progress.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. Today, I will review our continued strong performance and outlook in CF as well as potential near-term commercial launches in new disease areas with exa-cel and VX-548. Starting with CF, where we continue to bring our transformative medicines to many more patients globally. Last month, we raised our estimate for the number of patients with cystic fibrosis in the U.S., Europe, Australia, and Canada to 88,000 up from our previous estimate of 83,000. The growth in the CF population can be attributed to more patients coming forward to receive treatment, better data capture in patient registries, and perhaps most importantly, people with CF are living longer due to improvements in patient care and the availability of truly effective therapies. For a baby born with CF in 2021, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation predicts the median age of survival is now 65 years. In the U.S., our focus remains on maintaining the very high persistence and compliance rates we have seen with our therapies and extending the benefits into younger age groups. Outside the U.S., uptake of KAFTRIO/TRIKAFTA in countries with recent reimbursement agreements continues to drive growth, as has the rollout of KAFTRIO in children ages six to 11 years in countries where this indication has recently received reimbursed access such as France and Spain. There are still more than 20,000 CF patients who could benefit from, but are not on CFTR modulator treatment. These patients fall primarily into two categories. One, patients in countries where we are early on the launch curve, and two, younger patients for whom we continue to pursue additional label and reimbursement extensions, such as the recent U.S. approval of ORKAMBI for ages one to two years and recent regulatory submissions for KALYDECO in children ages one to four months, and for TRIKAFTA in ages two to five years, which has received Priority Review and a PDUFA date of April 28 in the U.S. We are confident that we will reach the vast majority of these patients over time, which will continue to drive revenue growth in the near and long-term. We also see exciting growth potential for our vanzacaftor triple combo given the anticipated clinical profile, more convenient once daily dosing, and the potential to offer a new option for patients who have discontinued prior CFTR modulator therapy. Finally, in CF, as Reshma mentioned, our CFTR mRNA program VX-522 is being developed for the more than 5,000 CF patients worldwide who currently do not have any therapies that treat the underlying cause of their disease. I will now detail our commercial readiness efforts and the market opportunity for two potential product launches outside of CF, exa-cel and VX-548. Exa-cel holds curative potential for patients with sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia, and we are making significant progress with launch preparation activities. Our initial launch of exa-cel will focus on the approximately 32,000 individuals in the U.S. and Europe for whom these diseases are most severe, presenting a significant clinical, humanistic and economic burden. The estimated 25,000 severe sickle cell disease patients have multiple hospitalizations annually for vaso-occlusive crisis, while the estimated 7,000 TDT patients undergo near monthly transfusions. There is also a considerable financial burden both for these patients and to the healthcare system. In the U.S. economic models project the lifetime treatment costs for severe sickle cell disease patients to be between $4 million and $6 million. Recent market research indicates that physicians have a strong preference and interest in gene editing over other potentially curative approaches. And that patients with sickle cell disease are increasingly optimistic about the potential role for curative therapies in the treatment of their disease. In addition, payors view the emerging clinical data for exa-cel as highly impactful, most notably the reductions in vaso-occlusive crisis and hospitalizations. Importantly for our specialty commercial model, these 32,000 severe patients are concentrated geographically and we believe can be served effectively with a network of approximately 50 authorized treatment centers or ATCs in the U.S. and approximately 25 in Europe. We have established the needed supply chain and manufacturing infrastructure to support the launch, including validated chain of identity and chain of custody systems, global shipping infrastructure, and the needed manufacturing capacity to support uptake following approval. And finally, we continue to work with key commercial and government payors and policy makers in the U.S. and Europe to ensure they understand the significant burden of these diseases and that broad patient access and reimbursement are in place if and when exa-cel is approved. To date, we have engaged with all U.S. state Medicaid agencies, some 150 unique U.S. commercial payors, as well as multiple health technology assessment bodies in Europe, including NICE and GBA, to share important information about exa-cel and our commitment to working collaboratively to provide access to this therapy. Shifting now to VX-548, which we believe has the potential to play an important role across the pain spectrum, including acute pain and chronic pain conditions. Ill focus my comments on acute pain, which is a near-term commercial opportunity. There are four aspects critical to framing the acute pain opportunity for Vertex. One, there is a significant unmet need due to the limitations and drawbacks of currently available treatments. Two, the market is large today, even with 90% generic prescribing. Three, prescribing is concentrated in the hospital setting and thus addressable with a specialty commercial infrastructure. And four, there is broad stakeholder recognition of the need for new therapies, which also helps provide a clear path to future patient access and reimbursement. Firstly, millions in the U.S. suffer from acute pain each year, yet it is often difficult to manage effectively given the limitations of existing therapies. The current standards of care are NSAIDs and acetaminophen at one end of the spectrum, which are non-addicting, but offer limited pain relief and can pose GI and liver toxicity concerns. And at the other end of the spectrum are opioids, which provide effective pain relief, but have many undesirable side effects, including nausea and somnolence and have significant abuse potential. Many large hospital systems and all 50 states have adopted restrictions for the use of opioids. This leaves a vast gap in the treatment landscape for a medicine like VX-548 with strong efficacy, a desirable benefit risk profile, and without abuse potential given it is peripherally acting. Second, the acute pain market is very large valued in the U.S. at $4 billion, despite 90% of prescriptions being generic. Third, this highly concentrated market can be served with a specialty commercial model. Of the 1.5 billion treatment days for acute pain annually, some two-thirds or 1 billion are driven by hospital prescribing, following inpatient or outpatient procedures such as surgeries or emergency room visits. Furthermore, these hospital-driven prescriptions are concentrated among approximately 1,700 hospitals that aggregate to roughly 220 integrated delivery networks. Thus, we believe we can reach a large proportion of this market with a specialty sales and marketing infrastructure and have begun to hire for key positions. Fourth, and finally, given the wide stakeholder recognition of the limitations of current treatments and the unmet need, we see both high demand and a clear path to access and reimbursement for a medicine with a profile like VX-548. A key example of the path to reimbursement and access is the recently passed NOPAIN or Non-Opioids Prevent Addiction in the Nation Act signed into law last December. Through the NOPAIN Act, Congress has directed CMS to make a separate add-on payment to hospitals in the outpatient and ambulatory surgery center setting for non-opioids for the treatment of pain. We believe this new law is an important sign of the growing movement to remove barriers for hospitals, providers and patients to utilize non-opioid treatment options. In closing, we are excited about the opportunity to extend the benefits of our CF medicines to more patients around the globe and the near-term potential to commercialize transformative treatments for patients with sickle cell disease, beta thalassemia and acute pain. I will now turn the call to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertexs fourth quarter and full year 2022 results represent another year of strong execution and exceptional financial performance. Fourth quarter 2022 revenue increased 11% year-over-year to 2.3 billion. Growth was led by a 24% year-over-year increase outside the U.S. on continued strong uptake of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO in markets with recently achieved reimbursement as well as label extensions into younger age groups. U.S. CF revenue grew 5% year-over-year with ongoing consistent performance. Full year 2022 revenue of 8.93 billion represents 18% growth versus 2021, marking Vertexs eighth consecutive year of at least double digit revenue growth. Full year 2022 international revenue of 3.23 billion, increased 41%. And full year U.S. revenue of 5.7 billion, increased 8% compared to 2021. For the full year 2022, we estimate the changes in foreign exchange negatively impacted our global revenue growth rate by approximately 1.5 percentage points inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. Fourth quarter 2022, combined non-GAAP R&D acquired IP R&D and SG&A expenses were 872 million, an increase of 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. Full year 2022 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IP R&D and SG&A expenses were 3.07 billion, a decrease of 11% versus the prior year. Recall that 2021 results were impacted by 1.1 billion of acquired IP R&D charges, including the one time $900 million payment to CRISPR compared to 116 million of such charges in 2022. Acquired IP R&D aside throughout 2022, we continued to invest in research and our advancing pipeline, which includes mid and late stage clinical assets across eight different disease areas. The year-over-year increase in spending reflects stepped up investments in programs where we made notable clinical progress, particularly in pain, the new vanza [ph] triple as well as type 1 diabetes. We also continued to invest in the pre-commercial buildout activities for exa-cel and preparation for other potential near-term launches. Given these programs potentially transformative benefit to patients and multi-billion dollar market opportunities, we will continue to invest accordingly. Fourth quarter 2022 non-GAAP operating margin was 50% and we generated non-GAAP operating income of 1.15 billion in the quarter, an increase of 15% versus the prior year period. Full year 2022 non-GAAP operating margin was 54% and full year non-GAAP operating income was 4.79 billion, up 48% versus 2021. We ended the quarter with 10.8 billion in cash in investments as our cash flow generation and balance sheet remained very strong. On the business development front in Q4, we announced a global collaboration with Entrada Therapeutics focused on therapeutics for DM1. The HSR period expired last night and the transaction is expected to close within days. As a result, our Q1 2023 results are anticipated to include an approximate 224 million upfront payment recorded in our income statement and an approximate 26 million equity investment recorded on the balance sheet. Now switching to guidance. We are establishing 2023 product revenue guidance of 9.55 billion to 9.7 billion, representing 7% to 9% year-over-year growth at current exchange rates. Note that this guidance includes an expected approximate 1.5 percentage point headwind to our revenue growth inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. Also note that 2023 product revenue guidance reflects revenue from cystic fibrosis products only. Exa-cel is not included in guidance as potential approval and launch dates in the EU, UK and U.S. are still to be determined. For our CF franchise in 2023, we see continued strong performance of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO in all major markets, further uptake in markets with recent reimbursement agreements and expansion into younger patient populations. Of note, with four years of TRIKAFTA experience, the majority of international reimbursement agreements secured and recent revisions in epidemiology, we have strong visibility to our 2023 revenue guidance range and another year of attractive growth for our CF product portfolio. We are also providing 2023 guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IP R&D and SG&A expenses in a range of 3.9 to 4 billion, which includes approximately 300 million of upfronts and milestones from known collaborations, including the expected upfront payment in Q1 2023 for Entrada. This targeted investment increase is consistent with the significant continued progress of our multiple mid and late stage clinical development programs and the expansion of our commercial and manufacturing capabilities in anticipation of the multi-billion dollar market opportunities represented by our programs with near-term launch potential. Our guidance for projected full year 2023 non-GAAP effective tax rate is a range of 21% to 22%. Lastly, we announced today a new $3 billion multi-year share repurchase authorization. In closing, Vertex performed exceptionally well in 2022. We grew revenue double digits for the eighth consecutive year, maintained our strong balance sheet, invested internally and externally and accelerated programs across our diverse pipeline. In 2023, we look forward to further important milestones as highlighted on this slide to mark our continued progress in multiple disease areas. We look forward to updating you on future calls, and Ill ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Can you frame what were going to see from the VX-880 program this year and when, and also on the second program, the cells and device program, how you overcome challenges here in your confidence level that youll be able to kind of get to the bars that you want to see?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Hey, thanks for the question Salveen. With regard to the 880 program, remember, this is the program that is, lets call it the naked cell program that requires off-the-shelf immunosuppressives. This is the program that we demonstrate proof of concept with the half dose patients last year. Where we are now is we fully enrolled this Part B, thats where patients receive the target dose, but in a staggered manner. And the real importance here is and our excitement is to get to Part C because then we can dose patients concurrently. You should expect data this year at congresses. And there are a couple of important diabetes congresses that occur each year that will have longer duration of follow-up and more patients worth of data. And the dimensions on which you can expect us to share information are what weve already done with the first two patients. Thats to say C-peptide levels decreases in exogenous insulin, improvements in hemoglobin A1C. With regard to the cells and device program, historically in the field, the challenge with devices has been fibrosis, lack of oxygen getting to the cells inside these devices, as well as the inability for nutrients to go in and for insulin in this instance to be secreted out. We have worked long and hard to develop a proprietary, what we call a channel array device. This device has particular features in terms of geometry, materials and proximity of blood and oxygen to ourselves to overcome these historic barriers. And what Ill say to just give you a little bit more on this point is in small animal models and large with our proprietary device, we have seen no evidence of fibrosis. Last thing to point out, of course, the same 880 cells that weve already shown proof of concept with, those are the same cells in the cells plus device presentation as well as in our hypoimmune presentation.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, everyone, afternoon and thanks for the question. Just have two for VX-548 is the communication strategy here to have all the Phase 3 data in acute pain and neuropathic pain and then disclose everything before filing? I wasnt sure what the plan was there? And then Stuart, given the hospital setting, what role do you think that treatment algorithms and cost benefit studies will play commercially? This is obviously a pretty different market than you guys are typically used to. And then for 522, I dont have a doubt that you guys can express CFTR, but obviously has to be in the right tissues. Can you talk maybe about the technical challenges here with an mRNA strategy and your development plans and just at a high level? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing Geoff. Let me start with the VX-522 question, which is the mRNA program that we are developing in collaboration with Moderna. And then well switch to the 548 program in pain. So with regard to VX-522 and the mRNA program, the biggest challenge we and others have faced through the development of this approach for those last 5,000 patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators because they simply dont make any protein, its been delivery. That is really what we have been working on for years. And it was only about 12 months, 18 months ago that we really had a big breakthrough in that area. The reason for our excitement for this program is that we can now deliver with our LNPs into our HPE cells using those same assays that are not only qualitatively translated to what we see in the clinic but quantitatively so. Second, we also can show that the protein expression levels with that mRNA delivery is high with high chloride transport. Thats the direct readout for CFTR function. And then lastly, we have taken this mRNA LNP construct and administered it to small animals and large, and we can deliver it to the right cell. Thats a really important part of doing this in patients. So thats the technical challenges weve overcome and its really been all about delivery. With regard to VX-548, yes, youre right. The plan is to complete the studies, all three Phase 3 studies, the two RCTs, which are very similar to what weve already done in Phase 2 and the one single arm study, lets call it an all-comer study. So we get different pain types. We are projecting that were going to complete those trials towards the end of this year, beginning of next, and well share all the data at the same time. Stuart, over to you for commercial potential.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Geoff as weve described before, this is a very big market opportunity with 1.5 billion treatment days of acute pain therapy prescribed per year. Just to dimensionalize that I talked in my prepared remarks about two-thirds of those prescriptions are either written and dispensed in a hospital or institution or ambulatory care center or they are written in the institutional setting, but given to a patient on discharge and therefore filled in the retail setting. And the combination of those two accounts are about two-thirds of the 1.5 billion treatment days. When we've talked to stakeholders across the board, they are well aware of the unmet need for new therapies in the acute pain space because all institutions and all states have put in place restrictions on the use of opioids. It's created this gap in the market for products like 548 that have a really positive benefit risk profile. I do think we are beginning to see a sea change in terms of policies which have been focused on limiting utilization of opioids to actually policies which are looking to remove barriers that might be created by cost sensitivity. And I'll point you to the NOPAIN Act, which I refer to in my prepared remarks that directs CMS to develop a system of add-on payments for non-opioid pain medicines in addition to the bundle payment that they give to hospitals for the outpatient and the ACS setting. I see that as a really important sea change and recognition that these are cost sensitive segments, but this is a way of creating barriers or  sorry, reducing barriers or creating incentives to do the right thing and prescribe non-opioid pain management when they're available.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey Jeff, this is Reshma again, just to close out on pain. And others may ask questions later, but I just wanted to make sure I also mentioned the peripheral neuropathic pain with VX-548 that Phase 2 study also began last year. And those results we aren't calling yet when they would be available, but I wanted to make sure that that study is also ongoing.
Geoff Meacham: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking our question and congrats on the progress. A question on the expense side from us, it does seem like the guidance for costs for 2023 is a bit heavier than we had anticipated and even excluding the Entrada upfront, it does seem like costs are growing a bit faster than revenue. So I'm curious, what are the push pulls in the guidance? What elements are you including in the guidance? Is there investment for pre-launch, more heavy investment in R&D? Just kind of looking for a little bit more color on what is causing the expenses to rise so much. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Well, I'm going to ask Charlie to take that one.
Charlie Wagner: Yes, Phil, thanks for the question. And just so you get an overall sense of where we're thinking about things, given the strong and predictable performance in CF and the recent success of the advancing pipeline, with the number of first-in-class and best-in-class assets, including programs with significant near-term potential commercially. We see this as absolutely the right time to be investing in the business. If you look at 2023, specifically, over 70% of the planned increase in R&D and SG&A is expected in programs which are past POC and therefore meaningfully de-risked. Specifically, we've got trials for vanza and pain and AMKD and Type 1 diabetes. You've got the full year cost of the investments in commercial readiness for sickle cell and beta thal and we're making commercial investments for pain as well. Importantly, all of these programs are advancing rapidly and represent multi-billion dollar market opportunities. So from our perspective, it's the right time to invest. And the good news is that if with our differentiated business model, we can deliver industry leading profitability while we're investing for innovation and growth.
Phil Nadeau: Maybe one follow up, is there a long-term goal for either operating margins or R&D and SG&A as a percent of sales?
Charlie Wagner: No, we have not established a long-term goal.
Phil Nadeau: Great. Thanks for taking our questions.
Operator: The next question will come from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Liisa Bayko: Hi there. Could you just tell us a little bit more about VTCE-210 versus 211? I noticed before you were a little bit more focused on 210, now we're talking about 211. And when what's the right form for data for there, and what should we be expecting to see?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Liisa, this is Reshma. VCTX-211, a bit of a mouthful. Is the study that Vertex is now running in collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics, it's a hypo immune program for Type 1 diabetes where we are going to be assessing safety and efficacy. VCTX-210 was a safety study in terms of when you should expect data readouts and such. This study is just getting going. We haven't called when we will be sharing results, but it is just getting going.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, great. And then just a quick question, two quick questions actually on regarding the CF franchise. Can you talk about the new 88,000 patients? Is that kind of equally distributed amongst the key world regions or are you seeing that more in certain areas than others? And then as for the long-term patents, how should we thinking about exclusivity for vanzacaftor, and then I noticed you even have a next-gen after vanzacaftor and maybe you could enlighten us about market exclusivity there. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Liisa, let me tackle the IP questions and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk about the CF epidemiology. The patent for TRIKAFTA goes out to at least 2037. And the reason, if you're wondering, gosh, how is it so long from when we launched? It's because of the rapid pace from when we had synthesized this molecule in the lab to when we got approval starting with the U.S., which is about three years, eight months or so. The vanzacaftor triple, we haven't given a specific date, but it's longer than the TRIKAFTA compound. And we have indeed identified potentiators and correctors behind vanzacaftor towards our goal of getting CF patients to sweat chloride levels in the carrier range. And those would be even longer than vanzacaftor. Let me turn it over to Stuart for CF epi.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Liisa, so as you said, we updated our estimate for the number of people living with CF to 88,000 for North America, Europe, and Australia. That's an increase from our previous estimate from a couple of years ago of 83,000. It's really driven by three things, more patients coming forward for treatment, better data capture and more complete data capture in registries around the world. And perhaps most importantly, patients with cystic fibrosis are living longer due to improvements in the quality of care over the years, and also the availability of truly effective medicines. We see those trends occurring kind of across the globe in all of the regions that I mentioned, it's not just in one part of the world. Those trends are consistent and I have to say we anticipate those trends will continue into the future.
Liisa Bayko: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will come from David Risinger with SVB. Please go ahead.
David Risinger: Yes. Thanks very much. So my question is on VX-548. I guess first, could you talk about publication plans for detailed Phase 2 results in 2023? And if you are planning publications, what incremental points should we be expecting to focus on? And with respect to the commercialization scenarios, theres one in which VX-548 is non-inferior to active control, and then another in which its superior to active control. So it would be helpful to just understand commercial opportunities in those two different scenarios. And then one final tidbit for Charlie, non-GAAP IPR&D was $116 million in 2022. What is the figure thats incorporated in your guidance for 2023, please? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: All right. Dave, youve given us three different questions here. Let me save the two related to VX-548 and let me ask Charlie to talk about the IPR&D.
Charlie Wagner: David, the guidance includes an estimate of $300 million for IPR&D, and thats inclusive of the upfront for Entrada.
Reshma Kewalramani: Let me now move to VX-548. Dave, Im going to tell you a little bit more about the publication strategy and the study design and Im going to ask Stuart to tell you about the commercial potential and how we see it depending on the two scenarios that you laid out. VX-548 and the  this target in particular, NaV1.8 has been the Holy Grail NaV1.7 and NaV1.8 in the pain field for many, many years. And for that reason, because we are the first company to come forward with a highly specific and effective treatment that has shown effectiveness in Phase 2 across multiple pain models, not only with VX-548, but its predecessor molecule, the interest level in the community is very high. And our intent is to publish the full Phase 2 data abdominoplasty and bunionectomy in a high profile journal this year. With regard to what additional information you will be able to look at honestly, the key information weve already revealed in our press release that is to say highly efficacious, statistically significant, clinically meaningful, results versus placebo and weve also already shared the numerical results for the opioid control arm. And you can  while the control, Im sorry, the context arm, while that reference arm wasnt there for statistical comparisons, you can clearly look and see what the context is there. And youll have the full safety. The safety profile for VX-548 is really looking very good. You might remember there were no related SAEs in the Phase 2 study. In fact, there were no SAEs at all in bunionectomy. With regard to the study design, the way weve set it up is that it is a study versus placebo superiority versus placebo. Obviously thats there to demonstrate the efficaciousness as well as the safety profile. And then we have the opportunity to also assess versus opioids. You ask me what are we looking for, if we recapitulate the results in Phase 2 that is a home run. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. As Reshma said about the design of the study, the primary endpoint is the comparison to placebo, and then we can compare it to the reference arm. I think in either scenario that you describe Dave, what weve got here is a very significant commercial opportunity. If you are in addition to being superior to placebo, as good as opioids from an efficacy point of view without all of their associated liabilities, which include addictive potential but arent restricted to just addictive potential, then that is something thats going to be highly valued by the treating community. Obviously, if were superior, thats even better, but something which is as good as opioids from an efficacy point of view, but without all the liabilities would be a very high value medicine.
David Risinger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, thank you so much. All right. Ill go quickly. So we get a lot of questions on Vertex growth, even despite you have a robust pipeline, maybe talk about your thoughts around this 8% and if you would think that would continue to slow or how youre thinking about it. And then with regard to next generation, despite like more robust efficacy, it still took some time to switch people over to the next generation product, maybe some color on what the bar might be to speed up switching. And then my last question was on chronic pain. I mean, so youve got a lot of acute pain data in house, more to come. I was just curious is chronic pain partnerships still on the table and what you think partners are really looking for in order to take that forward? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Robyn let me ask Stuart to go first with CF and talk about how we see vanzacaftor and the place for that in the marketplace.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Robyn, on vanzacaftor, as you know, based on our in vitro data, but also our Phase 2 data, we have good reasons to believe that the vanzacaftor triple combination could provide incremental clinical benefit even over TRIKAFTA, which as you know sets a very high bar. And thats the way the study is designed to be able to compare vanzacaftor to TRIKAFTA. I think theres really two patient populations for whom that would be an attractive proposition if it delivers that profile. One is patients who are currently being treated with a CFTR modulator who may be interested in switching to something which offers greater clinical benefit. In addition, we havent really talked about this part of the population for a while, but there are some patients whove discontinued CFTR modulators for a variety of reasons over time. Our persistence rates with our CFTR modulators are let me just reemphasize as high as Ive ever seen for any chronic oral medication, but we do have patients who have discontinued over time. And so I think those patients who want to be on a CFTR modulator, but have to discontinue one of our previous generations may be interested in the vanzacaftor triple combination when a new treatment option is available. So I do think there is likely to be a significant interest from physicians and patients if the vanzacaftor triple combination delivers incremental benefits.
Reshma Kewalramani: Robyn, let me take the question about chronic pain next, and well end with growth. We see pain as three distinct categories, acute pain, thats what weve been talking about with VX-548 and this very near-term commercial opportunity, given we are well underway with our Phase 3 program, and it is only 48 hours of dosing. The second, we see is neuropathic pain. Obviously, thats a version of chronic pain, but we distinguish that from musculoskeletal pain. For neuropathic pain, I see that as equally a Vertexian opportunity as is acute pain. There is a  there are discrete number of prescribers. It can be serviced with a specialty sales force. And we have already shown that this target NaV1.8 with our predecessor molecule, VX-150 is effective for neuropathic pain. When LYRICA was a branded medicine, just to give you a sense of the market size, it was approximately a $5 billion market for LYRICA in this chronic neuropathic pain. And then theres the third kind of pain, which is musculoskeletal pain. It turns out that weve already studied that as well with our predecessor molecule, and its effective in that kind of pain setting as well, which is actually quite unusual. There arent very many medicines that work in acute neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain. We are  I dont see the musculoskeletal pain as a Vertex sales and marketing specialty opportunity, but were absolutely going to serve all patients and we would partner that, but our focus is on the two Vertexian opportunities right in front of us, acute pain, very near term, and the neuropathic pain thats already in Phase 2 and the predecessor molecule with successful there. With regard to growth, let me ask, Charlie to comment on the growth profile for the company.
Charlie Wagner: Yes. The question, so just a reminder on the guidance, we gave $9.55 to $9.7, 7% to 9% growth over 2022, and thats after a 1.5 percentage point headwind from FX. Stating it differently, its a $700 million increment on  or 2022 revenue of $9 billion, so a significant increase in 2023. I think your question really was about where does growth come from? And so importantly, as has been mentioned, weve recently increased our estimate of epidemiology, several years ago, we used to say 75,000, then it was 83, now its 88. So the patient population is growing. Within that patient population, there are 20,000 patients or more who would benefit from a CFTR modulator who are not on medicine today. And we intend to bring as many of those as possible onto medicine, as we go with continued uptake across eligible patient groups in countries where we already have reimbursement or approvals, as we expand to younger age groups, and to a lesser extent, as we add additional new reimbursements. And so we have high visibility into our guidance for 2023, and with those drivers, we see growth beyond 2023 as well. And of course, we have the emerging opportunity from the vanza triple and the mRNA therapy in coming years. So overall, were in great position for continued growth in 2023, and we see lots of opportunity for growth beyond 2023.
Reshma Kewalramani: Robyn, Ill just add, weve been talking about long-term growth, our five and five goal. This is five new medicines launching in the next five years. And then if you think about what qualifies in there, the very near-term opportunities are exa-cel and sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, Vanzacaftor in CF and VX-548 in pain. Those are just right in front of us. And then we have AMKD thats in Phase 2/3 with VX-147, the Type 1 Diabetes program that we spoke about, the neuropathic pain program that we spoke about. And theres also the mRNA program and the AATD program, which is also in Phase 2.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. And maybe can you talk a little bit about the capital allocation priorities? I know you announced a buyback program today, but your 2022 year-end cash is almost 14% of your market capitalization at this point. Did you think outside of internal R&D, you could think about some mid-size acquisition at this point given the cash position and the market at this point? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Charlie?
Charlie Wagner: Yes. Mohit, thanks for the question. On capital allocation probably it sound like a broken record, but our priorities are the same, investing in innovation both internal and external is the top priority. We clearly see that as the best way to create value for patients and for shareholders. We have for the last five years now maintained share buyback program, where we focus on offsetting dilution from employee share programs and for some opportunistic buying. And so we have this new larger authorization at $3 billion, but its simply a reflection of the growing strength of our balance sheet and cash flow.
Mohit Bansal: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hey guys, thanks. Appreciate it. Two pipeline questions for you. One on the vanza triple. I know that you have commented that you think it could be better. I recall that in the Phase 2 there was although difficult to compare across trial debate around whether it was truly better on FEV or more about sweat chloride, and you would see the effects, I think more peripherally. Can you just comment on whether you actually think FEV actually would be better in the Phase 3 given the chloride transport data is so much better? I know David Altshuler has also sort of commented on that. And then on the mRNA program VX-522, I think you made a nice comment earlier in this call about how at least an animal models that was getting into to tissue. Can you just reiterate what you were saying about your view of or testing in HBS is about whether the LMP is actually getting in and how confident you are in CF tissue that the LMP is getting in? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing, Mike. With regard to the vanza triple, if you look at the Phase 2 data, and youre right, these are cross study comparisons, but if youre trying to glean and get a general sense for what the data are telling you in the Phase 2 trials, what you can see is on average the vanza triple compared to what we have shown with TRIKAFTA, its about 5 points better on sweat chloride. And if you look closely and look at the ppFEV1 values that weve generated there are some patients in the vanza triple where weve seen 20% improvement in ppFEV1. So if you ask me, gosh, can the vanza triple be better than TRIKAFTA? Yes. And I would say that the strongest evidence for that is the chloride transport in our HBE assays, which have proven themselves time and time again as well as sweat chloride because thats simply a less variable measure. But if I look at ppFEV1, there are hints of that as well, but I would put that lower on the scale of evidence because the variability is greater. With regard to mRNA and why we are so enthusiastic about this program, which we are running in collaboration with Moderna. It is really a combination of three things. The first is the ability to demonstrate that with these LMPs we get the construct into the HBE cells, and thats important because of how reliable the HBE cells are and how translatable they are. Second, it is about the high expression of the protein, and third, in multiple animal models we can show, and this has been difficult for others to show. Some have not talked about it, and its been difficult to gather whether they have or have not. But I can tell you we have a multiple animal model demonstrated that the mRNA gets to the right cells in the lung.
Michael Yee: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jessica Fye with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple quick ones, maybe following up on the last. First with the SAD trial for VX-522 completing this year, should we expect to see data from that trial this year or might not come until later once the MAD work is complete. And similar question on the Phase 2/3 kidney trial, youve said you expected to complete the Phase 2b dose ranging portion this year. What will we hear at that point? Will we hear anything beyond that a dose has been selected? Will you communicate what that dose is? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Hi, Jess. With regard to the SAD/MAD VX-522 NCF, we do expect that the SAD will complete this year. And its hard to say that were going to see in effect because it is a single dose study, right? But weve been wrong before. When patients started on TRIKAFTA, for example, they tell us they felt differently with the first dose. So we do expect that the SAD will finish and we fully expect to initiate the MAD as well. And I do think that we will have a good line of sight on efficacy with the MAD. So were not guiding yet to when the data will be available, but we do expect to finish the SAD. We expect to initiate the MAD, and yes, its possible that data will be ready this year. On the VX-147 program inaxaplin and the Phase 2/3 study, youll remember this one is particularly exciting because its in kidney disease where there has been unfortunately very little advancement and there are really no products in development for APOL1-mediated kidney disease. And our Phase 2 results showed a 47.6% reduction in proteinuria, which is unprecedented in FSGS, let alone in APOL1-mediated FSGS. We do expect that the Phase 2 part of the study will be done this year. Because its an ongoing study its an adaptive 2/3, which means well roll right into the Phase 3 once dose selection is made. I do not expect that we will be sharing results to maintain study integrity, but we will be sharing that weve completed that portion, weve selected a dose and weve rolled into Phase 3.
Susie Lisa: Thanks. Chuck, well take one more question.
Operator: The next question will come from Iger  excuse me, Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead, sir.
Evan Seigerman: Hi guys. Thank you so much for squeezing me in at the end. I wanted to ask on the IND for the cells plus device program for type 1 diabetes. Can you provide kind of any colors as to what exactly the FDA wants? And maybe colors to why Canada was more comfortable with moving into humans versus the FDA? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Evan, this is about cells plus device VX-264 in type 1 diabetes. This is the program using the same cells as the 880 program, but encapsulated in a device. So immunosuppressants are not necessary. The most important thing to tell you is weve received the FDA questions and weve already responded. No new data needed to be generated, no new experiments needed to be run. The questions and clarifications were ready at hand. Evan, if you ask why was one regulatory agency more comfortable than another, thats just a tough question to answer and I dont know that I have a good answer for you. What I can tell you is that its a high quality submission and we are very excited to get this up and running with patients enrolled and dosed in Canada. And were working with urgency to get the study in the U.S. as well.
Evan Seigerman: Great. Thank you.
Susie Lisa: Thanks everyone. Chuck, will you please give the replay information?
Operator: Yes, maam. The conference has now concluded. And thank you for attending todays presentation. A replay of todays event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing +1 (877) 344-7529, or +1 (412) 317-0088, and you can use the replay access code, which is 6823854  again, that access code is 6823845. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Susie Lisa. Please go ahead, maam.
Susie Lisa: Good evening, all. My name is Susie Lisa, and I am thrilled to have joined Vertex as the new Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Welcome to our third quarter 2022 financial results conference call. On tonights call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertexs CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in todays press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertexs marketed cystic fibrosis medicines, our pipeline and Vertexs future financial performance are based on managements current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance that we will review on the call this evening are presented on a non-GAAP basis. I will now turn the call over to Reshma.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Susie. We are delighted to have you on Board. Good evening all and thank you for joining us on the call today. Vertex continues to execute exceptionally well and make significant progress towards our goals of; one, reaching all patients with cystic fibrosis resulting in strong sustainable growth; two, advancing our diverse mid- and late-stage clinical pipeline to develop transformative medicines in multiple disease areas; three, preparing for our next commercial launches; and four, progressing the next wave of innovation towards the clinic. In the third quarter, global CF product revenues increased 18% year-on-year to $2.3 billion, as more patients initiated treatment with our CFTR modulators. Based on the strong performance, we are raising full year 2022 product revenue guidance from $8.6 billion to $8.8 billion to $8.8 billion to $8.9 billion. Despite the growing numbers of CF patients on CFTR modulators, we still have many more patients to reach. And as you will hear from Stuart, we are working with focus and urgency to reach all patients around the globe who may benefit from our therapies. As previously discussed, we are at an important inflection point for the company, each of our clinical stage programs, sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia, acute pain, AMKD, type 1 diabetes and AATD is a first-in-class or best-in-class approach that holds the promise to transform the disease and each represents a multibillion dollar opportunity. With a uniquely strong and durable CF franchise, a broad and deep R&D pipeline with multiple potentially near-term commercial opportunities, a strong balance sheet, and the capacity to invest in both internal and external innovation and deeply talented people, Vertex is well positioned to deliver for patients and shareholders for years to come. With that overview, I will turn to the details of recent R&D progress starting with CF. TRIKAFTA sets a very high bar in terms of safety and efficacy in the registrational trials, as well as in real world and long-term studies. That said, if it is possible to develop even more effective medicines for CF patients, we are determined to be the company that does so. Our next-in-class triple combination, VX-121/tezacaftor/VX-561, holds that potential. The triple now referred to as vanzacaftor/tezacaftor/deutivacaftor or the vanzacaftor triple is progressing rapidly through Phase III development with our studies in patients ages 12 and older, now projected to complete enrollment this year. As a reminder, this combination demonstrated greater activity in our human bronchial epithelial assay versus TRIKAFTA and greater clinical benefit in Phase II than we have seen with any of our prior medicines. Additionally, it offers the convenience of once-daily dosing and royalties in the low single digits versus low double digits for TRIKAFTA. For the 5,000 patients who do not make any CFTR protein, we are working on an mRNA therapy with our partners at Moderna. We have completed IND-enabling studies and we remain on track to submit an IND for this program this quarter with clinical trials starting thereafter. And we are not done, our work continues to identify even better potential therapies that could bring more patients with CF to carrier levels of sweat chloride. Turning to exa-cel, previously known as CTX001, our gene editing program for severe sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia or TDT. This is our most advanced program outside CF and we expect exa-cel to be our next commercial launch. In June, we presented data from 75 patients with up to 37 months of follow-up from our pivotal trials of exa-cel. The data demonstrated exa-cels potential to provide a one-time functional cure for these patients. Last month, we announced that in addition to having granted virtually all available U.S. regulatory designations, the FDA has now also granted exa-cel a rolling review. We plan to begin our BLA submissions for both sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia in the U.S. next month and complete the submissions by the end of the first quarter of 2023. In Europe, we previously shared that we reached agreement on the filing package with the EMEA and MHRA in the EU and U.K., respectively. We remain on track to submit these MAAs by the end of this year. Our teams are intensely focused on preparing these multiple complex submissions with three separate regulatory agencies in order to bring exa-cel to patients as quickly as possible. Given that priority, we will not be sharing new clinical data at ASH, but instead, look forward to sharing updated clinical data in the first half of 2023. Exa-cel holds the promise for a onetime curative therapy for thousands of patients with severe sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia. This therapy potentially the first CRISPR-based gene editing treatment to be commercialized for patients with a genetic disease also represents a near-term and significant market opportunity. Turning to VX-548 and our pain program. VX-548 is a novel selective NaV1.8 inhibitor that offers the potential of highly effective pain relief without the side effects or addictive potential of opioids. NaV1.8 is both a genetically and pharmacologically validated target. Recall that VX-150, an earlier-generation NaV1.8 inhibitor, demonstrated positive proof of concept in acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain. VX-548 has been studied in two Phase II placebo-controlled acute pain studies and showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful pain relief compared to placebo and was generally well tolerated. The study also included an opioid reference arm to support the evaluation of VX-548. With regard to the regulatory status, VX-548 has been granted fast track and breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. We reached agreement with the FDA on the design of the Phase III program in support of a broad label in moderate to severe acute pain and recently initiated the pivotal studies. The Phase III development plan for VX-548 in acute pain consists of two randomized controlled trials. The design of the RCTs in the pivotal program is very similar to our Phase II completed studies, same pain states, post bunionectomy and post abdominoplasty, same treatment duration, 48 hours and the same primary endpoint, the sum of pain intensity difference, or SPID, over 48 hours of VX-548 compared to placebo. A third single-arm study rounds out the Phase III program. This study will enroll patients with multiple other types of moderate to severe acute pain with a treatment period of up to 14 days. Given our experience in executing these types of trials efficiently, the short treatment duration and the high unmet need for effective pain relief without the significant side effects or addictive potential of opioids, we view VX-548 as a near-term and significant market opportunity. We also plan to study VX-548 in neuropathic pain and remain on track to initiate a Phase II dose ranging proof-of-concept study in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy towards the end of this year. Moving to inaxaplin or VX-147, the first potential medicine to treat the underlying cause of APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD. Inaxiplin has breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. and both prime and orphan drug designation in Europe. Inaxaplin is being studied in a single adaptive, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase II/III pivotal trial and the primary endpoint is a reduction in the rate of decline of kidney function in patients treated with inaxaplin on top of standard-of-care compared to standard-of-care for approximately two years. Importantly, the trial is a preplanned interim analysis at 48 weeks of treatment, which if positive, could serve as the basis for accelerated approval in the U.S. This study is underway in enrolling patients. We now have more than 50 sites open for enrollment in the U.S. and internationally with a goal to open more than 150 sites in total. We look forward to updating you on the enrollment and study progress as the trial advances. Next, moving on to type 1 diabetes. We have been advancing three programs in our portfolio. First, VX-880, our stem cell-derived, fully differentiated insulin-producing islet cell replacement therapy, which is a mid-stage clinical development. In this program, we use standard immunosuppressive therapy to protect the cells from the immune system. These same cells are the foundation for our other two programs in type 1 diabetes. Next, the cells plus device program, which encapsulates these fully differentiated islet cells in a proprietary device that shields the cells from the bodys immune system and does not require immunosuppressants. We remain on track to file the IND for this program by the end of this year. Lastly, in our hypoimmune cells program, which is in preclinical development, we are editing the same fully differentiated insulin-producing islet cells to cloak them from the immune system, obviating the need for immunosuppressants. Earlier this year, we achieved proof of concept for VX-880 in type 1 diabetes with the first two patients dosed at half dose in Part A of the study. Part B of the study, which uses the full target dose is underway and enrolling patients. The type 1 diabetes program holds enormous potential. There are more than 2.5 million patients in the U.S. and EU alone with type 1 diabetes who may benefit from a treatment with the potential to provide glucose control without the fear of hypoglycemia or the need for insulin. We look forward to sharing additional data from more patients and longer duration of follow-up at the appropriate time. A last word on our type 1 diabetes program, having recently closed the acquisition of Viacyte, I want to extend a warm welcome to our Viacyte colleagues. Let me close with our Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, or AATD program. Earlier this month, we announced that the IND for VX-634, the first in a series of next wave AAT correctors has cleared and VX-634 has entered first-in-human clinical trials. We also announced that a 48-week Phase II study of VX-864, our first-generation AAT corrector will soon initiate. This study will assess the impact of longer term treatment on polymer clearance from the liver, as well as on serum levels of functional AAT. With those R&D highlights, I will hand it over to Stuart for a review of our commercial progress.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I am pleased to review tonight our continued strong performance in CF, as well as the multiple near-term commercial opportunities we see across our business, including the strong outlook in CF, significant progress made to prepare for the commercial launch of exa-cel and our view of the promising role of VX-548 in helping treat pain. Starting with CF, in the U.S., our focus is to maintain the very high persistence and compliance we have seen with our therapies and to extend the benefits of therapy to younger age groups. Outside the U.S., we have seen rapid growth driven by the uptake of KAFTRIO/TRIKAFTA in countries with recent reimbursement agreements. We have also seen strong uptake of KAFTRIO in children ages six to 11 in countries where this indication has reimbursed access. Today, our medicines are approved and reimbursed in more than 30 countries, benefiting tens of thousands of cystic fibrosis patients on five continents. However, there are still thousands of CF patients who are not yet on treatment. These patients fall primarily into the following categories; one, patients in countries where we are early on the launch curve, such as those with recently achieved reimbursement agreements or label extensions for younger patients; two, patients in younger age groups for whom we continue to pursue label and reimbursement extensions; and three, to a lesser extent, patients awaiting reimbursement for our medicines in a small number of countries. We are confident that we will reach the vast majority of these patients over time, which will drive continued revenue growth in the near- and long term. We continue to make excellent progress expanding the label for our CFTR modulators to younger age groups. In September, ORKAMBI was approved for children ages 12 months to less than 24 months in the U.S. We expect to file for U.S. FDA approval of KALYDECO in children ages one month to less than four months before the end of 2022. Similarly, we will submit to the U.S. and other global regulatory authorities for approval of TRIKAFTA in children two years to five years old by the end of the year. Finally, in CF, as Reshma mentioned, our CFTR mRNA program is progressing toward an IND submission this year. This program targets the underlying cause of disease in approximately 5,000 CF patients worldwide. Beyond CF, we have a broad, diverse and advanced R&D pipeline. I will focus my comments on our commercial readiness efforts and the market opportunity for our potential next product launches, exa-cel and VX-548. Exa-cel holds curative potential for patients with sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia, and we are making significant progress with launch preparation activities. Treatment with exa-cel is a process that takes months from start to finish and we fully recognize both the significant opportunities and challenges in offering such a novel, potentially curative therapy for patients. We are creating the infrastructure and support required for physicians and patients that we believe will lead to commercial success upon potential regulatory approvals. Our commercial and medical science liaison field teams are hired and trained in the U.S. These teams have been actively engaging with key treatment centers, policymakers and payers and similar efforts are ongoing in Europe. Our initial launch of exa-cel will focus on the estimated 32,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe with severe forms of sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. Roughly 25,000 of these 32,000 patients are severe sickle cell disease patients, the vast majority of whom reside in the U.S. These patients are highly concentrated in certain geographies, and thus, we believe they can be served effectively with a network of approximately 50 qualified authorized treatment centers in the U.S. and approximately 25 in Europe. By way of context, we reached the vast majority of CF patients in the U.S. by calling on approximately 250 CF treatment centers. These centers have the medical and technical expertise to support the potential future use of exa-cel. Our field teams are already engaging with these centers on the needed administrative and logistical capabilities, as well as the treatment capacity to support the launch. We have been encouraged by the early interest and engagement from the centers and their staff. In parallel to engaging with these treatment centers, we have been working closely with policymakers and with payers to ensure that these stakeholders understand the significant burden of these diseases. Payment models are an important consideration, given the value that a one-time potentially curative therapy like exa-cel can bring to patients and the healthcare system. We are continuing to work with various stakeholders to ensure patients who may be eligible for exa-cel have access to this potentially curative therapy. Turning to pain., we believe that VX-548 has the potential to play an important role across the pain spectrum, including an acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain. With the recent initiation of the VX-548 Phase III program and the short treatment period in these trials, acute pain is now an exciting potential near-term commercial opportunity. I will focus my remarks around three key aspects, critical to framing the acute pain market for Vertex. One, the opportunity is significant, given the market today for acute pain in the U.S. is $4 billion, even though 90% of prescriptions are generic. Two, prescribing is concentrated in the hospital setting and thus addressable with a specialty commercial infrastructure that fits the Vertex model. And three, there is a significant gap in the market for safe and effective treatment options for physicians and patients. Firstly, despite 90% generic penetration, the U.S. market is approximately $4 billion and patients received some 1.5 billion treatment days annually for the oral treatment of acute pain, a highly effective and well-tolerated new class of medicine, therefore, has multibillion dollar potential. Secondly, roughly two-thirds or $1 billion of these treatment days are driven by hospital prescribing following inpatient or outpatient procedures such as surgeries or emergency room visits. This includes the prescriptions written and filled in hospital during the patients stay and those written at discharge to provide the patient with a multi-day course of medicine for ongoing pain management. Given the concentration of pain treatment that is driven by hospital prescribing, we believe we can reach a large proportion of this market with a specialty sales and marketing infrastructure. And a third key consideration of this marketplace is the significant side effects of opioid therapy. Overdose deaths from opioids have continued to rise in the U.S. and opioid prescribing for the treatment of acute pain has been a clear contributing factor to the opioid epidemic. In response, hospitals, physicians and state agencies throughout the U.S. have limited or attempted to reduce the use of opioids for the treatment of acute pain. Many states, as well as large hospital systems, such as Kaiser Permanente and John Hopkins Medicine have enacted strict measures to reduce opioid prescribing. In addition, beyond the addictive potential, opioids have other negative side effects, including nausea, somnolence, constipation and can result in increased length of hospital stay until these problems resolve. These concerns and limitations with opioids create a significant gap in the market for the treatment of acute pain because of the lack of safe and effective treatment options for doctors and patients. Therefore, availability of a therapy like VX-548, a novel, highly effective, non-opioid treatment that does not have the addictive potential of opioids nor the significant side effect profile would be an extremely valuable new treatment option and could be used as the next step in a treatment strategy after prescription NSAIDs, relegating opioids to being used only as a last resort. I look forward to updating you further on our commercialization plans in pain, including our view of the opportunity in neuropathic pain over the coming months. In closing, I am excited about the opportunity to extend the benefits of our CF medicines to more and more patients around the globe, and with the near-term potential commercialize multiple transformative treatments for patients with serious diseases outside of CF. I will now turn the call over to Charlie to review the financials.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertexs third quarter and year-to-date 2022 results set us on pace for another year of exceptional financial performance and strong execution. Third quarter 2022 revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $2.3 billion, led by 46% growth outside the U.S. on continued strong uptake of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO in markets with recently achieved reimbursement, as well as label extensions into younger age groups. U.S. CF revenue was up 5% with ongoing consistent performance aided by penetration into younger age groups. During the third quarter, CF revenue growth also benefited from an approximately $75 million increase in channel inventory in certain markets. We do not expect these purchases to recur in the fourth quarter and this quarterly phasing is reflected in our updated full year guidance. Third quarter 2022 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IP R&D and SG&A expenses were $758 million, an increase of 29% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Throughout 2022, we have continued to invest in our R&D pipeline, which now includes seven programs, five of which are in pivotal development. The year-over-year increase in Q3 reflects stepped-up investments in these programs, notably pain, the new vanzacaftor triple in mRNA and CF and type 1 diabetes, as well as the continued pre-commercial build-out activities for exa-cel. Looking forward, we expect to continue to invest in research and our clinical stage pipeline, as well as in commercial readiness activities for programs with near-term significant commercial potential, including exa-cel and VX-548 for pain. We also remain committed to augmenting our internal research efforts with external innovation aligned with our R&D strategy. Third quarter 2022 non-GAAP operating margin was 55%. We generated non-GAAP operating income of $1.3 billion in the quarter, an increase of 11% versus the prior year period. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2022 was 21%. We ended the quarter with $9.8 billion in cash and investments as our cash flow generation and balance sheet remain very strong. On the business development front, we closed the previously announced acquisition of ViaCyte for $320 million in cash and integration activities are underway. Now switching to guidance, we are increasing our 2022 CF product revenue guidance by $150 million at the midpoint to a new range of $8.8 billion to $8.9 billion. The increase reflects the strong uptake of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO in markets with recent reimbursement agreements and continued performance in the U.S. At the midpoint, the increased guidance represents full year 2022 revenue growth of approximately 17% versus 2021 and will mark Vertexs 8th consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth. There is no change to our projected 2022 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IP R&D and SG&A expense range of $3 billion to $3.1 billion. There is also no change to our full year non-GAAP effective tax rate guidance range of 21% to 22%. Finally, a comment on movements in foreign exchange, the impact of the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the euro and other currencies since the start of the year is partially mitigated by our foreign exchange risk management program. For the full year 2022, at current rates, we estimate that changes in foreign exchange, net of program effects will have a negative impact of approximately 1% on our revenue growth and this is reflected in our updated revenue guidance range for the year. In closing, Vertex is performing exceptionally well despite the challenging macroeconomic climate. For the remainder of 2022 and into 2023, we look forward to further important milestones to mark our continued progress as highlighted on this slide. As Reshma noted, over the past year, Vertex has seen a significant acceleration in our R&D pipeline and we are well on our way to diversifying the company and adding to our long-term growth profile. As always, we look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls. Let me turn the call back to Susie to begin the question-and-answer period.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Charlie. Chuck, will you begin the Q, please?
Operator: Yes, maam. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Dennis [ph] on for Mike. Congrats on the progress in the quarter. Can you just please remind us the status of the ongoing diabetes Phase I, VX-880 and if we will get updated data this year and if you can comment on where that will be great? And regarding the device program, is that something that we can see initial data in 2023 and like how should we think about the level of data disclosure for that program, given you only disclosed a single patients worth of beta for VX-880? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey. Thanks very much for that. Your question is about our type 1 diabetes program and just to ground everyone. There are actually three programs within our type 1 diabetes portfolio. The first is VX-880, and that one is actually in Phase I/II. So its a program thats already in patients. Thats the program in which we have already achieved proof of concept based on the first two patients treated, importantly with half the targeted dose. That program is now continuing. We are enrolling and dosing patients at the full targeted dose and we do expect to share data next year at the appropriate conference or venue. The second program in that portfolio is the cells plus device program. That program has its IND on track for later this year. With regard to what you should expect from that in terms of data disclosures and when we might be able to see data, I would think about the type 1 diabetes programs, whether its cells alone or cells plus device closer to CTX001 and less similar to our small molecule programs. And what I mean by that is, we go right into patients and with a reasonably small number of patients, because you are right into patients with this potentially one-time curative therapy, we can tell a lot about the treatment effect and the emerging profile. So its a little bit too early to comment on exactly when we will see data, but I would think about the program closer to CTX than to small molecules. And then lastly, just to round up the type 1 diabetes program, the third vertical or the third pillar in that program is the same exa-cel, these VX-880 cells that have already demonstrated benefit in the clinic, we are editing those cells in order to cloak them from the immune system and that would allow us to not have to use immunosuppressants.
Susie Lisa: Next question please, Chuck?
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thanks for taking my question and congrats and welcome to Susie Lisa from my side as well. So, maybe one question on the FEV benefit with these potentiators and correctors that you can extract the maximum benefit. And there was one expert who mentioned that probably at 14 percentage point improvement in TRIKAFTA, we are getting to the higher end there and maybe at 3 percentage points, 4 percentage points more, you could be getting to a plateau of what is the maximum you can achieve with these kind of therapies. So assuming that next-generation combo does get there, do you think -- do you agree with that statement that this is probably the maximum you can get to with these kind of therapies? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, Mohit. Thanks for the kind words. Your question is about CFTR modulators in general and what can we expect in terms of benefit? Let me just blow out that question a little bit more and broaden it. When you think about the benefit of CFTR modulators, its important to realize that CF, as a disease, is a systemic disease. So the only manifestation is not the lung. It is a very prominent manifestation, but its not the only manifestation. So what do I mean by that? CF patients also have difficulty with liver disease. They also have difficulty with endocrine and exocrine pancreatic disease, and you know about the difficulty in gaining weight, gaining height and living a high quality life in the absence of CFTR modulators. So the real benefit of CFTR modulators and we have seen this with KALYDECO to start with all the way up to TRIKAFTA is certainly an improvement in lung function and the way we measure that acutely is indeed ppFEV1. Now your specific question is, is 14%, which is what TRIKAFTA achieved, is that the max, and I think the jury is still out on what the maximum ppFEV1 benefit could be. But I will tell you that the next in-class combination, thats the VX-121/ tezacaftor/561 combination. In the Phase II study, it had search in populations get up to 20% in benefits. So I think the jury is still out, and we have the next wave of molecules to look forward to. And just to close out the benefits, there are some abstracts coming out at NACFC that include data from TRIKAFTA and some of our other CFTR modulators. And its really encouraging to see that this benefit on ppFEV1 also translates to benefit in terms of mortality, lung transplantation, hospitalizations and pulmonary exacerbations.
Susie Lisa: Thank you, Mohit.
Mohit Bansal: Helpful. Thanks.
Susie Lisa: Next question please, Chuck.
Operator: The next question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two for me here, one on the type 1 diabetes program, can you help us understand how that fully protects the cells from the immune system, but simultaneously maintains the integrity of the cells while in the device? And then secondly, you have about $10 billion in cash here and so if you arent -- and I guess your thoughts here, but if you arent going to do value creating business development, should we expect you to start to return that via stock buybacks or look to issue a dividend? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey. Thanks, Salveen. Let me start with the type 1 diabetes question and I will just frame the capital allocation question, and I will ask Charlie to give you more details. On the type 1 diabetes program and the cells plus device combination, we have worked long and hard and all credit to the Semma team that worked on this even prior to the acquisition. There has been a long history of trying to use devices in this context and the traditional trouble that people have won into are the following; one, sufficient oxygenation and nutrients for the cells; two, prevent a foreign body reaction; and three, to have the cells protected where the nutrients and oxygen can get in, but not the immune cells and also to ensure that the sensing of glucose and the release of insulin can occur. The proprietary device that we have that it will be used with the VX-880 cell has the features to account for and address those issues, namely protect the cells, but allow the flow of nutrients and oxygen; two, in all of our preclinical studies, including in large animal studies, we see no foreign body reaction; and three, to have the ability to sense glucose and release insulin. I will say, Salveen, the most challenging part of the type 1 diabetes program is actually having cells that are fully differentiated, insulin producing, and that part of this, we know we have gone past because of the proof-of-concept achievement in those first two patients treated at half dose. On the capital allocation question, our strategy on capital has not changed. The focus is on innovation, both internal and external. Charlie, anything you wanted to add to that?
Charlie Wagner: No. You said it very well. The priority continues to be investment in innovation. I think we have been very active over the last few years and it shows. If you look at our pipeline now, 40% of the programs in the pipeline have benefited from BD that we have done in recent years and so we continue to maintain an active function, looking at external innovation to support our internal efforts that will continue to be the priority. We have also maintained a share buyback program in recent years just to offset dilution, but the focus and the primary purpose is investment in innovation.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Susie Lisa: Thanks, Salveen. Next question please, Chuck.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the inaxaplin Phase II/III trial and specifically on the Phase II portion of the Phase II/III. What is Vertexs most recent thinking on whether data from that Phase II portion will be disclosed? And then maybe more generally, can you remind us what criteria by which you choose the dose thats advanced into Phase III? What measures will you be looking at to make that determination?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Phil, the inaxaplin trial, thats the VX-147 trial in AMKD or APOL1-mediated kidney disease is the program thats the adaptive Phase II/III study. And the criteria for dose selection, Phil, really centers around measures of efficacy seen at 12 weeks and what that really means is proteinuria. Remember, proteinuria, we can see, change within that 12-week period. That is not possible for the change in GFR. Now the -- there is a committee that can look at the data to make that decision, that is done in the appropriate way, given the need to maintain trial integrity. But I would assume that we would share the fact that we have gotten past that important Phase II milestone and that a dose has been selected, but we are going to have to be careful about maintaining steady integrity, given that there are patients that are in the trial and will be continuing to the Phase III portion.
Phil Nadeau: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah.
Operator: The next question will come from -- yes, maam, will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hey, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. Really congrats on the strong quarter. Id love for you to provide me some more color as to what you saw with 864 to reinitiate a clinical trial with this asset? Can you also highlight why 634 might be more successful than its predecessors?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey. Good afternoon, Evan. So the question is on our alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or AATD program. And let me take one-half step back and remind everyone why we are so interested in this disease. So AATD fits the VERTEX strategy, our R&D strategy like a glove. It is a disease where we understand the causal human biology, we have a validated target and we also have a biomarker that translates from bench to bedside. There are about 100,000 people in Europe and the U.S. who have this disease, and by the way, it happens to be a pulmonary disease that is a disease of protein misfolding, something we know a little bit about given our work in cystic fibrosis. So thats why this disease just fits us perfectly. What we saw with the VX-864 Phase II trial. Now 864 is the first-generation corrector for AAT is, for the first time, a small molecule was able to raise functional AAT levels. That has never been demonstrated before. And in the exploratory analysis, we were also able to see more than 90% reduction in serum polymer levels. When we put that all together, heres where we are. One approach that we are taking and we are taking both these approaches in parallel is to bring forward more potent medicines than 864. That is the VX-634. Its multifold, more potent, it has better drug-like properties, and it has initiated its Phase I study. And in parallel, we are also advancing VX-864, because we have chronic tox coverage to study this molecule in a longer-term study, and in a longer-term study, we can assess liver clearance of polymer. This goes back to the serum polymer clearance that we saw. So we are looking for liver polymer clearance and the long-term impact on functional AAT. We are driving both of these programs forward in parallel, and I dont know, maybe around this time next year, we will have the data that we need to assess which molecule or molecules should advance further. So thats really where we are with the AATD program.
Evan Seigerman: Thank you.
Susie Lisa: Next please, Chuck?
Operator: The next question will come from David Risinger with SVB Securities. Please go ahead.
David Risinger: Thanks very much and let me add my congrats on the results as well, particularly given the speculation today in the markets. So my question is regarding VX-548 and my take is that the products opportunity in chronic pain is clearly tremendous since patients cannot be administered opioids long-term. But could you help us understand your review of the acute market opportunity in the context of DRG codes and hospital system sensitivity? Basically the question is, will hospitals replace inexpensive generic drugs in patients who are not likely to be at risk of opioid addiction if they are prescribed opioids for less than a week unless, of course, they have a preexisting addiction issue? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: David, I am going to ask Stuart to tackle the question on acute pain and I will come back and just say a word on chronic pain. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. So thanks for the question, David. Yeah. So in terms of the market for acute pain, as I said in my prepared remarks, we do see this as a very significant opportunity for a number of reasons. One, the treatment of acute pain today is a very sizable market. I referenced the fact that theres 1.5 billion treatment days a year, and much of that is concentrated in the hospital environment despite the fact that the market is over 90% generic, as you referenced, is a $4 billion market today. So the real question is, what is the unmet need here and the unmet need is actually very, very significant. In contrast to your comments, actually, the acute use of opioids is a very prominent and well-recognized contributor to the opioid epidemic, and as a result of that, there have been significant constraints put in place on the use of opioids in many states and in many hospital systems and that has substantially reduced the use of opioids. However, what hasnt gone away is moderate to severe acute pain for those patients. And so there is a significant gap left in the marketplace for something that provides effective pain relief, but without the addictive potential and other side effects of opioids. So in the hospital setting, both in terms of the inpatient stay, which is probably on average two days, three days, four days, something like that, we think theres a substantial unmet medical need, and then, obviously, those patients are discharged with a multi-day prescription for ongoing pain management, which they then fill in the retail setting. So, overall, we are very, very excited both about the profile of the VX-548, but also the opportunity to make a real difference in the treatment of acute pain. And then Reshma, back to you on chronic.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. David, I agree with you on the opportunity in chronic pain in addition to a very substantial opportunity in acute pain. And the reason for the opportunity in chronic pain is two-fold. One is what you indicated around not wanting to use opioids over a chronic period, frankly, not wanting to use opioids even over an acute period. But second, opioids are actually not very good at all in terms of efficacy in the chronic setting and sort of, for example, in neuropathic pain. And I just wanted to close by letting you know that the Phase II dose-ranging study of VX-548 in diabetic neuropathic pain, we will also initiate this quarter. And we have high confidence for this one, not only because of the genetic validation of the target, but because of the pharmacological validation on neuropathic pain with the predecessor molecule VX-150.
David Risinger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hey. Hi. Thank you for taking my question. This is Kripa on for Robyn. I just had one question on the AAT program. When do you think you can move from the Phase I into Phase II trial? How long do you think it will take to do the healthy volunteer study? And you previously talked about how you can maybe do really short trials to see activity, given what you are doing with VX-864, has that thinking changed in any way? And another question on the mRNA program in CF, you said that IND will go in later this year. Whats the earliest you see going into the clinic? Is there -- given that this is a new modality, is there any reason to anticipate delays for the IND acceptance? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So, two separate questions in there, one about the mRNA program in cystic fibrosis and then about AAT. So let me tackle mRNA in cystic fibrosis first. So the approach here is to use an mRNA inhaled therapy for those 5,000 or so patients who dont make any CFTR protein and therefore, cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. The IND-enabling studies are complete. The IND will go in this year. And you are right, it is a more complex product than a small molecule. And in the grand scheme of things, we have only been working on nucleic acid therapies and cell therapies for the last, lets say, five years to eight years, whereas we have been working on small molecules for many decades. That all being said, CF is a very serious life-shortening disease and I do think that all parties invested are motivated to make sure that medicines that could bring benefit to patients rapidly. Of course, we will be able to update you on the progress in future calls, but I am very pleased with the progress and I am pleased to see that we are on track with the IND to go in this year. On the AAT program, we are doing two things in parallel; one is advancing VX-634 into the first-in-human study; and two, studying VX-864 for a longer duration of time. And we are doing this in parallel because we can, that is to say we have sufficient toxicology coverage to study VX-864 over an extended period and I do think you need that extended period to evaluate liver clearance for this mechanism. But in terms of the first -- in humans, you have seen our track record, we tend to move at a good clip, I would say, lets say, around this time next year or so, we will have the data from our first-in-human studies with 634, we will have our data from the Phase II longer term study and I fully expect more molecules behind 634 to enter the clinic. So I feel really good about where we are, and we are executing on the strategy of serial innovation and having a portfolio approach exactly as I would like in all of our programs, but particularly in AAT.
Kripa Devarakonda: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Jessica Fye with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jessica Fye: Hey there. Thanks for taking my question. Nice results tonight. Following up on an earlier question, just to make sure I understand, are you generating this longer-term data with 864 to evaluate liver polymer clearance just to sort of further derisk 634, which has better drug-like properties? And then second, with the trials in patients age 12 and up for new triple complete enrollment by year end, can you set expectations for when we should expect topline data factoring in any analysis time that might be required? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Jessica, on the new triple combination, the vanzacaftor triple combination, thats 121-561 tezacaftor, we do project enrollment in that program, both studies in 12 plus will complete before the end of this year. As a reminder, these studies are one year in duration. So we will have all of the dosing complete at some point next year and it does take a little bit of time, but we are pretty quick with closing out the study and having results thereafter. But the important point to know is thats a one-year treatment duration. With regard to the 864 program and AATD, what are we really trying to accomplish there. Heres the important thing to keep in mind. With 864, what we saw for the first time ever with a small molecule corrector is increases in functional AAT level. The magnitude of the treatment effect was insufficient for us to move that to Phase III, but that gave us proof of biological activity. The reason we want to study 864 for polymer clearance in the liver is because that post hoc analysis of Phase II showed us a 90% decrease in serum polymer levels, leading us to believe that longer term treatment would indeed lead to clearance of the liver. Thats the hypothesis we are testing there and we are also going to evaluate where the longer-term treatment leads to elevations in functional AAT. If you are asking, is it possible that 864 is a molecule that moves forward into later stages of development based on this longer term treatment? Yes, thats possible. Is it possible that VX-634 is the molecule we select because its more potent and has better drug-like properties? Yes, thats possible. And thats why we are running both these programs in parallel. Ultimately, maybe the most important thing to take away is that the small molecule approach to this disease AATD is the only approach that holds the potential to treat both the liver and lung manifestations of this disease, and this pathway that we have drawn out allows us to assess both of those in parallel.
Jessica Fye: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Joe [ph] on for Geoff. I had a question on exa-cel. Can you walk us through how we should be thinking about the eventual commercial rollout? And after filing in the EU and the U.S., what is the rough timeline for first revenue? Should we be thinking late 2023 or is that more early 2024? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me start with where we are today and the immediate next milestones that we are working towards and then I am going to ask Stuart to comment on the prelaunch activities. So we are intensely focused on getting our filings in for the EU, the U.K. and the U.S. We are on track to start the rolling submission in the U.S. next month in November and we are on track for our EU and U.K. submissions to complete by the end of this year. Stuart, do you want to talk a little bit about our prelaunch activities from there?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. So much of our prelaunch activities is focused in two areas; one is with policymakers and payers; and the other one is with the authorized treatment centers who would be the ones who would be actually administering exa-cel with payers and policymakers. As you can imagine, a lot of this is about making sure that the right conditions are in place so that patients can get as early as possible access to exa-cel pending, obviously, regulatory approval. This is a disease of significant unmet need thats well recognized by the payer and policymaker community, and so the discussions we have been having with them have been really very productive and fruitful. On the authorized treatment center side, it really is identifying authorized treatment centers, which are close to where patients are concentrated. And patients are concentrated in relatively discrete geographies in about 25 states here in the U.S. where about 90% of the patients are located. In the EU, about 75% of patients are in four countries, the U.K., France, Italy, and Germany. And so we are looking at the potential to establish treatment centers, about 50 or so here in the U.S., about 25 or so in those four countries in Europe, which we think could serve the vast majority of patients, as I say, pending regulatory approval. Again, our engagement with the centers has been very positive. They are clearly very excited about the prospect of something like exa-cel, which has the potential to provide a onetime functional cure to their patients.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you so much.
Susie Lisa: I think we have time for one more please.
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Bristow with UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Yi Han [ph] on for Colin. Thanks for taking our question and congrats on the strong quarter and pipeline progress. So we have two questions. The first one is on your CF-based business. So how do you believe the competitive threat from AbbVies latest triple with tezacaftor just appeared on the clinicaltrials.gov? And the second question is on the CRISPR-based DMD therapy. So you have already noted the IND filing will be next year. So when do you think we could see the first clinical data for the program, would you consider, for example, like release in the single patient data as you have already done with the VX-880 program for diabetes? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: There are two questions in there, one on CF and one on DMD. Let me take the DMD question first. So to give everyone a little bit of a quick backgrounder, recall that our approach to DMD is different than most of the approaches out there, which focus on microdystrophin. Our approach is an in vivo gene editing approach that is centered on exon skipping and producing full length, if not near full length dystrophin. And the reason we believe in this approach is because of the human genetics that we see. So for example, Beckers muscular dystrophy where patients have near full length dystrophin, that disease is a much, much milder form of DMD. The microdystrophin approach simply doesnt have that kind of human genetics behind it. I am really pleased with the progress of the program. We are in our IND enabling studies now. We expect to finish those up and file our IND next year. There was a question in there about when you could expect data really a little bit too early to call, but I would think about this program in that cell and gene space, so with a reasonably small number of patients over a reasonable amount of time, very similar to CTX001, very similar to the type 1 diabetes program, we are going to know where we are. On the CF business, we have talked about this many times in the past. TRIKAFTA has set an enormously high bar. It can treat up to 90% of patients with this disease. We have already advanced the next program. This is the vanzacaftor program. Its going to complete Phase III enrollment this year. If it is possible -- and it is a tall order, but if it is possible to be better than TRIKAFTA, the vanzacaftor triple program holds that potential. It has better chloride transport than TRIKAFTA in our human bronchial epithelial assays and in Phase II studies. We have to do some cross-study comparisons. But in Phase II studies, it looks like it is potentially even better than TRIKAFTA. And we are now on the brink of bringing the mRNA therapy for the first time having a therapy for the last 5,000 patients with CF. We have never had more patients benefit from our CFTR modulators and we have never been in this position of being right on the cup of having something for all patients. I like our hand and I am looking forward to sharing more data.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Susie Lisa for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Susie Lisa: Thank you, Chuck, and thanks very much, everyone, for their questions. We look forward to taking your follow-up and meeting with you soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. . I would now like to turn the conference over to Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Charles Wagner: Good evening. This is Charlie Wagner, Vertex' Chief Financial Officer. Welcome to our second quarter 2022 financial results conference Call.  On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and myself. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. Also, the call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website.  We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we will review on the call this evening are non-GAAP.  I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Charlie, and good evening all. Vertex continues to make strong progress towards our goal of reaching all CF patients eligible for our medicines. Based on the continued uptake of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. as well as in the international region, our Q2 CF product revenues grew 22% year-on-year to $2.2 billion. And based on this uptake as well as the new reimbursements recently secured, we are updating revenue guidance from $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion, to $8.6 billion to $8.8 billion.  We're also making rapid progress in advancing our R&D portfolio with programs in 5 disease areas now entering or progressing through late-stage clinical development, and the next wave of innovation getting ready to enter the clinic. Our expanding leadership in CF, coupled with the broad, deep and advanced research and clinical stage pipeline brings Vertex to this new inflection point highlighted last quarter. This inflection point is rooted in our differentiated R&D strategy, which is designed to increase the odds of success in drug discovery and development.  This strategy is working. First in CF and more recently, we have seen it deliver potentially transformative, if not curative therapies in multiple disease areas, including sickle cell disease, beta thalassemia, APOL1-mediated kidney disease, acute pain and type 1 diabetes, programs that are all now past the proof-of-concept stage. Each of these programs individually represents a multibillion-dollar market opportunity. And taken together, they represent enormous potential for patients and for Vertex.  In addition, we continue to use our strong balance sheet to pursue external innovation that complements or accelerates our internal efforts. The Viacyte acquisition, for example, has the potential to accelerate development of our type 1 diabetes programs. The early stage assets from Catalyst and the Verve collaboration complement our internal efforts in sandbox diseases. With our strong revenue growth and rapidly advancing pipeline, we are continuing to invest in internal and external innovation, as you see us do today with the increase in OpEx guidance to $3 billion to $3.1 billion, and the multiple business development deals we've announced this quarter.  Let me now turn to the pipeline and review some of our recent R&D progress. Starting with CF. For patients who can benefit from CFTR modulators, TRIKAFTA has set a very high bar. But if it is possible to develop more effective medicines, we are determined to be the ones who do so. Our next-in-class triple combination, VX-121/tezacaftor/VX-561, is now in Phase III development enrolling patients 12 years and older, and we remain on track to complete enrollment by the end of this year or early next. With the progress in the SKYLINE 1 and SKYLINE 2 trials, we've also recently initiated pivotal development of VX-121/tez/VX-561 in patients 6 to 11 years old.  Lastly, for patients who do not make any CFTR protein and cannot benefit from a CFTR modulator, we're developing an mRNA therapy with our partners at Moderna. We are on track to file the IND for the mRNA program in the second half of this year.  Moving to CTX001. Our most advanced pipeline program outside of CF is our exa-cel, or CTX001 gene editing program in severe sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. In June, we presented data for more patients treated with exa-cel and with longer follow-up at the Annual Meeting of the European Hematology Association. These data, which included 75 patients with up to 37 months of follow-up continue to demonstrate that exa-cel holds the potential to be a durable, onetime functional cure for these patients and the safety data continue to be consistent with myeloablative conditioning and autologous bone marrow transplant.  In terms of next steps, we have recently concluded our discussions on the filing package with EMA and MHRA and have reached agreement on the filing package. We remain on track to submit the MAAs in both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia in the EU and the U.K. in Q4 of this year. We expect to wrap up our conversations with the FDA regarding the filing package, in particular, the number of patients and duration of follow-up, in the coming weeks, and we look forward to updating you after that.  Turning now to inaxaplin, or VX-147 in APOL1-mediated kidney disease, or AMKD. Inaxaplin is a small molecule inhibitor of APOL1 that targets the underlying cause of AMKD. Based on the unprecedented Phase II proof-of-concept results, which showed a 47.6% reduction in proteinuria, inaxaplin received Breakthrough Therapy designation in the U.S. and Priority Medicines, or PRIME designation in the EU. The pivotal trial is a single adaptive Phase II/III randomized, placebo-controlled trial, and the primary endpoint is the reduction in the rate of decline of kidney function in patients who have been treated for approximately 2 years. Importantly, the study is designed to have a preplanned interim analysis at 48 weeks of treatment. If the interim analysis is positive, it will serve as the basis for us to seek accelerated approval in the U.S.  We initiated the inaxaplin pivotal trial in late March, site activation, patient screening and enrollment are all ongoing.  Moving to pain. And VX-548, a novel first-in-class NaV1.8 inhibitor. We have high expectations from this program because NaV1.8 is both a genetically and pharmacologically validated target across acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain. And VX-548 demonstrated a very desirable benefit/risk ratio profile in Phase II. Additionally, the VX-548 program represents a near-term commercial opportunity.  To recap, earlier this year, we shared positive proof-of-concept results from VX-548, which demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful relief of pain in 2 Phase II studies of acute pain, one in the post-bunionectomy setting and one in the post-abdominoplasty setting. Based on these results, the VX-548 has received Breakthrough Therapy designation, highlighting the significant need for highly efficacious and well-tolerated non-opioid pain medicines.  We are very pleased to have completed our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA and reach agreement on the VX-548 pivotal program in acute pain. The Phase III program will include 2 randomized placebo-controlled trials that will evaluate VX-548 post-bunionectomy and abdominoplasty. The exact same postsurgical acute pain settings we explored in Phase II.  These trials are shortened duration, approximately 2 days of treatment followed by 14 days of safety follow-up. Both of these Phase III studies will also include an opioid treatment arm. A third single-arm study will evaluate the safety and effectiveness of dosing with VX-548 for up to 14 days across multiple other types of moderate to severe acute pain. We remain on track to initiate the pivotal development program by the end of this year. In addition, we have completed our preclinical studies to support initiating a Phase II dose-ranging proof-of-concept study of VX-548 in neuropathic pain towards the end of this year.  Turning now to type 1 diabetes. In June, our VX-880 clinical data were featured in an oral presentation at the ADA Scientific Sessions. We've previously shared that we achieved proof-of-concept with the results from the first 2 patients who were treated in Part A with half the targeted dose. Both achieved glucose-responsive insulin secretion, improvements in hemoglobin A1C with concurrent reductions in or, as in the case of the first patient, elimination of exogenous insulin.  The new data that we presented at ADA included glucose time and range measurements. Time and range is important because it gives much more granular and comprehensive data than hemoglobin A1C alone and is correlated with the risk of developing micro and macrovascular complications. Patient 1 achieved a glucose timing range of 99.9% at day 270 versus 40.1% at baseline and remained insulin-independent. Patient 2 showed a glucose timing range of 51.9% at day 150 versus 35.9% at baseline with a 30% reduction in exogenous insulin. The trial, which has remained open in Canada and resumed enrollment in the United States last month, continues to screen and enroll patients in Part B.  To close, a word on the next wave of innovative therapies. These are programs in late preclinical development that are rapidly approaching the clinic. For the CFTR mRNA program, our cells and device program in type 1 diabetes and our next-generation AATD molecules, we expect to file INDs this year. Lastly, our gene editing program in DMD is in IND-enabling studies, and we plan to file the IND for this asset in 2023.  With that, I'll hand it over to Stuart for a commercial overview.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I'm pleased to review tonight our continued strong performance in CF, the path towards future growth and the commercial opportunity and plans for some of the most advanced disease areas in our pipeline.  I'll start with CF. Our CF business continued its rapid pace of growth this quarter, with impressive performance in both the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S., we continue to add new TRIKAFTA patients, with most of them being younger patients in the 6 to 11 age group, and persistence and compliance remain very high across all patient groups. Outside the U.S., we have seen rapid uptake of KAFTRIO across multiple European countries where we recently reached reimbursement agreements, notably France, Spain and Italy. We've now turned our focus in Europe to the launch of KAFTRIO in children ages 6 to 11. Additionally, the launches of TRIKAFTA in Canada and Australia are both off to a strong start.  We began the year with more than 25,000 patients in North America, Europe and Australia who could benefit from a CFTR modulator but were not yet on therapy. These patients fell primarily into 1 of 3 categories. One, patients who had not yet initiated therapy, largely in countries where we are recently reimbursed and therefore, early in the launch curve. Two, patients in geographies where we are not yet reimbursed and three, younger age groups who will be addressed through ongoing label expansions.  We are confident in our ability to reach the vast majority of these patients over time. We have made good headway securing new reimbursements and launching our medicines in the first half of 2022.  Additionally, we continue to make important progress in expanding access to younger patients. For instance, we completed the study of TRIKAFTA in patients 2 to 5 years old with positive efficacy results on the endpoints of lung clearance index and sweat chloride and no new safety signals. We expect to present these data at a medical meeting later this year and are on track to submit global regulatory filings by the end of the year. Additionally, we submitted regulatory filings in the U.S. and Europe for ORKAMBI in patients 12 months to less than 24 months of age. The PDUFA date for this filing is September 4.  We were pleased to present compelling long-term and real-world data on TRIKAFTA at the European Cystic Fibrosis Society's conference in June. These data underscore the outcomes with TRIKAFTA, specifically improved lung function, a 77% reduced risk of pulmonary exacerbations, an 87% lower risk of lung transplant and a 74% lower risk of death for patients with CF.  Finally, in CF, as Reshma mentioned, we are developing a CFTR mRNA therapy to treat patients who do not make any CFTR protein and thus cannot benefit from a CFTR modulator. We estimate there are approximately 5,000 of these patients in North America, Europe and Australia. Outside of CF, we have made impressive strides with our clinical stage pipeline over the past 12 months. Today, I'd like to highlight the market potential for 3 of our late-stage clinical programs, exa-cel, inaxaplin and VX-548, and some of our pre-commercial activities. Each of these programs serves a very high unmet need and is a first-in-class or best-in-class approach, and each represents a multibillion-dollar opportunity.  Beginning with our most advanced pipeline program, exa-cel. On our last few quarterly calls, we provided details on our launch preparation activities. So I'll briefly recap how we are thinking about the market size and our approach. There are approximately 32,000 patients who have severe sickle cell disease, or transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia in the U.S. and EU. Our initial launch will focus on these 32,000 patients with severe disease, of whom 25,000 are patients with severe sickle cell disease with the vast majority of them living in the U.S. A small number of centers of excellence in the U.S. and Europe will treat the vast majority of these patients. Our research suggests that about 90% of U.S. patients reside in 24 states, and more than 75% of patients in Europe reside in 4 countries. We have identified the potential treatment centers and their referral networks in all of these countries.  We are confident that we'll be ready to launch exa-cel following approval. We have hired the launch teams, including medical science liaisons, medical affairs and access and reimbursement teams, and they are already active in the field. And finally, we are developing robust patient service programs to support patients throughout the treatment journey.  Moving on to inaxaplin, or VX-147, which is in pivotal development for patients with AMKD. We've previously talked about a number of AMKD patients, which we estimate to be approximately 100,000 in the U.S. and Europe, with over 80% of them living in the U.S.  Here, I'll touch on the work we are undertaking to raise awareness of AMKD. Awareness, diagnosis and genotyping of patients with AMKD are all low within the medical and patient communities, which is not surprising, given this is a newly defined disease without existing targeted therapies. To increase awareness of AMKD and of genetic testing options, we are working with the kidney disease community and with minority health organizations to support sponsored education campaigns and scientific workshops and seminars.  Some examples of this work include: Sponsoring the American Kidney Funds APOL1 education campaign, which will launch this year to provide educational materials and digital engagement tools for patients and providers. And we are also educating people about AMKD at Black Health Matters Health Fairs and Summits, and through NephCure's Health Equity Initiative.  In addition to these disease awareness and education efforts, we and others are also working on important policy initiatives to support AMKD diagnosis. Specifically, we are advocating for federal legislation introduced in the spring entitled the New Era of Preventing End-Stage Kidney Disease Act that would establish a rare kidney disease research center at NIH, investigate the role of genetic screening in improving kidney disease outcomes and address kidney health disparities in communities of color. And we're also advocating alongside the National Kidney Foundation as well as other stakeholders to increase kidney disease screening. You may have seen in the news recently that the U.S. preventive services task force has added chronic kidney disease screening to the list of services they have under active consideration. If recommended, patients would have access to screening at no cost, which would make a huge difference in improving availability and access to screening for AMKD patients. Additionally, we are exploring pathways with diagnostic testing companies to make genetic testing more accessible to patients.  Finally, VX-548 in pain. Given we recently announced agreement with FDA on the pivotal development program for acute pain, I'd like to give you a summary of the market opportunity. There is a real need for effective, safe and well-tolerated pain medicines as there have been no novel pain medicines introduced in the past 20 years. We see utility for our NaV1.8 inhibitors in different types of pain, including acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal.  Today, I'm going to focus on acute pain. In the U.S., there are approximately 1.5 billion treatment days for acute pain each year, and approximately 2/3 or 1 billion of those are driven by hospital prescribing. This includes treatment for inpatient and outpatient visits and the patient's related pain management following discharge. Consistent with our business strategy, a small specialty commercial organization will allow us to reach a large proportion of this market, given the concentration of pain treatment driven by hospital prescribing.  Today, oral treatment of acute pain is roughly a $4 billion market, even though over 90% of prescriptions are generic. Considering the price of a typical branded pain medicine is roughly $10 per day, a safe and effective new pain medication without addictive potential that captures even a partial share of that market represents a multibillion-dollar opportunity. Importantly, given the magnitude and severity of the ongoing opioid crisis in the U.S., the initiation of the Phase III studies for VX-548 later this year, and the relatively short duration of the trials, we will be working with urgency to build out our teams and go-to-market plans to bring this novel nonopioid pain medicine to patients.  In closing, I'm excited about bringing TRIKAFTA to even more patients around the globe, and also commercializing multiple potentially transformative therapies outside of CF in the future.  Now, I'll turn it over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. In the second quarter of 2022, Vertex continued to deliver strong financial performance. Second quarter product revenues were $2.2 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the second quarter of 2021. Our growth was again driven by an increased number of patients on therapy compared to the prior year, resulting from several approvals and reimbursements for TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO over the last year as well as continued strong execution with market launches.  Movements in foreign exchange had only a small impact on reported growth, primarily because of our active hedging program, which helps offset impact from currency movements.  Our second quarter combined non-GAAP SG&A, R&D and acquired IPR&D expenses were $750 million compared to $1.5 billion in the second quarter of 2021. The year-over-year decline was primarily related to the $900 million payment in the second quarter of 2021 for the amended collaboration agreement with CRISPR Therapeutics. This effect was partially offset by higher expenses resulting from our advancing pipeline, especially in CF, pain and type 1 diabetes as well as expenses for CF launches and pre-commercial activities for exa-cel.  Our continued strong revenue growth, combined with our efficient operating model resulted in a Q2 non-GAAP operating margin of 54% and non-GAAP operating income of $1.19 billion compared to $71 million in the second quarter of 2021. This increase was primarily driven by strong product revenue growth and the year-over-year comparison to the second quarter of 2021, which included the $900 million payment to CRISPR. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2022 was 22%. We ended the quarter with $9.3 billion in cash and investments, and our balance sheet profile remains very strong.  As Reshma highlighted, on the external innovation front, we've recently announced multiple business development deals including the acquisition of Viacyte for $320 million in cash with closing subject to certain conditions, including the expiration of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period. This transaction will bring us tools, technologies and assets that will accelerate our goal of bringing curative therapy to millions of people with type 1 diabetes.  Now to guidance. We are raising our 2022 product revenue guidance to a range of $8.6 billion to $8.8 billion based on current exchange rates. The increase reflects the rapid uptake we have seen with new launches in geographies where we recently secured reimbursement for TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO as well as continued performance in the U.S. Year-over-year, our updated guidance represents product revenue growth of approximately 15% at the midpoint.  Now to OpEx. Our R&D strategy was designed to deliver disproportionate success and we are seeing that strategy play out with multiple programs now in mid- and late-stage development, each of which could drive significant future growth. With our strong financial profile, we expect to continue investing in both internal innovation with our rapidly advancing pipeline as well as external innovation that fits with our R&D strategy and complements our existing portfolio. As a result, non-GAAP operating expenses for the year are now projected to be in a range of $3 billion to $3.1 billion, an increase from our previous guidance of $2.82 billion to $2.92 billion. The increase is primarily due to incremental expenses resulting from the advancement of our pipeline programs into late-stage clinical trials, particularly in pain and AMKD as well as additional upfront and milestone payments.  Finally, we continue to project a non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22%. As we consider the second half of 2022 and into early 2023, we look forward to a number of important milestones to mark our continued progress, several of which are outlined on this slide.  As Reshma discussed earlier in the call, Vertex is at a new inflection point. We're in our eighth consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth, and we've built a remarkably durable business with long-term leadership in CF delivering strong cash flow for years to come. We're also well on our way to diversifying the business and adding to our long-term growth potential with 5 disease areas now in late-stage development and multiple new medicines set to enter the clinic. We are developing these programs with the intent of creating transformative, high-value medicines, each of which represents a multibillion-dollar opportunity.  Fueled by our success in CF, we can continue to invest in our advancing pipeline while also delivering exceptional profitability and cash flow. As always, we look forward to updating you on our further progress throughout the balance of the year.  Let's now open the call to questions.
Operator: . And the first question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Nice quarter here. Just a pipeline question with regard to your program for beta cell and sickle cell, what does the FDA want with regard to number of patients? And what duration here, are they looking at a proportion out to 2 years similar to what we saw with bluebird? Just curious where you stand there.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Salveen, this is Reshma. With regard to the exa-cel program and what the FDA is looking for, it is down to these 2 areas for us to reach conclusion on the number of patients in the file and the duration of follow-up. We are -- we have been having conversations, very productive conversations with them over the last many months, and we are done in our -- in terms of the conversations for the preclinical package, CMC and manufacturing and all of the other modules. It is about these 2 areas. And we are expecting to wrap up these conversations in the coming weeks. So we don't have to speculate. We'll be able to update you after that. But it is really down to just those 2 points; number of patients they'd like to see in the file and the duration of follow-up.  I will just reiterate that we've -- these are similar topics that we've been talking to the EMA and MHRA on, and we have come to conclusion on that.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: A question on, I guess, inaxaplin. You are enrolling the Phase II portion, and then it rolls into a Phase III. Could you comment on how the Phase II portion is going in terms of pace of enrollment, and whether you've data to talk about at the end of the year? I think that would give a good insight into how you would think about the Phase III because I know it is a challenging population to necessarily enroll. So maybe talk a little bit about that. And then, I guess, a follow-up to Salveen's question on exa-cel. If it is a 2-year requirement, how long does that push things out? Does that push the timing out by a year? Or just help us out with that dynamic?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Michael, there were two questions in there. One about AMKD and one about exa-cel. Let me just close out on exa-cel first.  As we were just discussing, we are going to have our meetings with the FDA to wrap up these discussions in the coming weeks. And so we're not going to need to speculate. We'll be able to update you on the specifics and give you a timeline in the near future.  With regard to AMKD, the point that you make about the difficulty enrollment based on the patient population is a really good point. While the AMKD population shares many similarities with CF, genetically driven disease, about 100,000 patients, and our approach to treating CF is by targeting the CFTR protein, the underlying cause of disease. It's the same thing with AMKD. We're targeting the APOL1 protein. Where the big difference comes in is in diagnosis, disease awareness and genotyping. But recognizing this, we've inserted 3 initiatives into this Phase II/III program. The first is we're opening over 150 sites globally so that we have sites to close to where the patients are, and simply many of them. Second, we have an observational study ongoing. That's a genotyping study. People who genotype in with 2 APOL1 alleles are then eligible and could be enrolled in the randomized controlled trial. And lastly, as you heard Stuart discuss, we're working with patient groups and physician groups and the community as a whole to raise awareness.  I will point out, Michael, that the beauty of the Phase II/III study is we do everything upfront. That is to say that the phase -- the trial sites that will be the Phase III trial sites, they're all being opened up right now as part of the Phase II/III study.
Michael Yee: So you're committed to giving data on the Phase II? Will you say anything, or just move forward?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sorry about -- you had a question on the data. When we are at the point of having selected our dose on the Phase II part, you should expect to hear from us.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with Cowen.
Unidentified Analyst: This is  on for Phil. Congrats on the progress. Maybe just on 147. Potentially, could you give us an update on how you're thinking about potential baseline characteristics for the patients enrolled in the Phase II/III study now that it's targeting the broader AMKD population. Just curious how you're thinking about the potential differences in proteinuria and eGFR looking across the clinical sector of APOL1 .
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. I think the question is how are we thinking about the patients who would enroll and what do we think their baseline characteristics would be in this AMKD population?  To reground the unifying entry criteria for the Phase II/III study are really threefold in terms of the key criteria. The first is 2 APOL1 alleles. The second is a reduced renal function. And the third is proteinuria that's greater than 0.7 grams. So all patients in this study will have those key criteria. Now of course, as you point out, there's going to be a spectrum of disease, and we fully expect patients to have diversity in terms of the range of proteinuria as well as the renal function. But the really important point is that this is a rather homogeneous population of 2 APOL1 alleles, proteinuria and reduced kidney function.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. That's very helpful. And if I may, is there any chance that you'll release data from the observational study that you mentioned that you're enrolling? Just to get the genotyping data, et cetera?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, it's a great question. I'm sure the teams are planning to share that data. That study because it is a very simple observational study that is genotyping people is already well into the hundreds of patients that we have screened and enrolled. I'm sure the IR team can give you specifics offline.
Operator: The next question will come from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI.
Liisa Bayko: I was wondering if you could give us any sense of what you're looking for in the SKYLINE 102 and 103 study specifically, to be able to follow on that. What are the benchmarks and clinical meaningfulness that you're looking for?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing, Liisa. So SKYLINE -- the 2 SKYLINE studies and now the RIDGELINE study, which is the study of 121/561 tezacaftor in the 6- to 11-year-olds, which is also ongoing. Here's what we're looking for based on every piece of data that we have, including our HBE assays, which you know is not only qualitatively but quantitatively predictive of what we see in the clinic. We expect to see greater sweat chloride than even TRIKAFTA. Based on the Phase II studies where we looked at sweat chloride and we looked at ppFEV1, we expect 121/561 tez has the potential to be even greater than TRIKAFTA. And at the end of the day, what we are really looking for here is ppFEV1, sweat chloride levels and, of course, the safety profile.  From what we see preclinically and clinically in those Phase II studies that I described, I expect that 121/561 tez has the real potential to be superior to TRIKAFTA. And remember, when we talk about that, the best readout of the function of CFTR modulators is on sweat chloride. That's the most direct readout, the PD readout, if you will. And that has been consistently superior in HBEs, Phase I and our Phase II studies.
Operator: The next question will come from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoffrey Meacham: Congrats on the good quarter. I wanted to ask on 548. When you consider the market opportunity and what could be a pretty broad program, I just wanted to get your perspective on what success looks like kind of at a high level. And then I wasn't sure if you've had pre-Phase III meetings with FDA, but how you're thinking about the size and scope of the pivotal that you'll start the second half of the year?
Reshma Kewalramani: Geoff, sure thing. This is Reshma. Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk about the market opportunity.  This is one of the programs that I have very high enthusiasm for it, and we are -- we have high expectations for it. And the reason for that is, I've already talked about the genetic and pharmacologic validation, but the other reason for this is it really has potential across acute pain, neuroplastic pain and, let's call it, musculoskeletal pain, although the focus right now in terms of where the program is most advanced is in acute pain.  The last reason I have such excitement for this program is the market opportunity is near term. Let me describe the pivotal program. And yes, we have completed our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA, and we have reached agreement on this program.  So here's the program. It's about 2,000-or-so patients in 2 randomized controlled trials that look exactly like the Phase II trial, one in abdominoplasty, and one in bunionectomy and a third single-arm study that takes all pain types, procedure-related as well as, for example, a fracture or a sprain or soft tissue injury. And the program is so designed so that we have a broad acute pain indication for the treatment of moderate-to-severe pain. That's really the beauty of this program.  Stuart, I'm going to turn it over to you for market potential.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Geoff. And so why we're so excited about our agreement with the FDA and the broad indication it could lead to if the studies are positive, which we have a high level of confidence, they will be is because the moderate-to-severe acute pain market is incredibly large.  So as I said in my prepared remarks, it's over 1.5 billion with the B treatment days a year in the U.S. alone. And 2/3 of those are about 1 billion treatment days a year are either initiated in hospital or influenced by hospital as a result of patients being discharged after either their inpatient or outpatient visit where they were given treatment for pain.  So 1.5 billion treatment days, as you know, the vast majority of that market is currently genericized. But even so, it's a $4 billion market in the U.S. alone today. And so we know that if we bring to market a highly effective pain med that also has a great safety and tolerability profile, we should expect to be able to get a decent share of that market and then a branded oral pain medicine at price of around $10 a day. That is a very significant multibillion-dollar opportunity. And so that's why both Reshma and I have a high level of enthusiasm for this program.
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: Congrats on the quarter. Kind of following up to Geoff's question on pain. I'd love to take a step back and really get some color on how you envision 548 fitting within the acute pain management paradigm? And I assume the goal would be to use 548 ahead of opioid therapy but still kind of have the option for opioid therapy if there's breakthrough pain. And with that, would you need to show a safety kind of perspective using both together? Maybe provide us color as to how you think about this fitting in.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Evan, it's Stuart here. I'll take that one. So the way acute pain is currently managed, obviously, if it were very, very mild, people might be taking kind of over-the-counter pain meds, then people would go to transition to kind of sort of nonsteroidal, then go through to opioids and then maybe something else. So what we're imagining here with VX-548 is essentially sort of a step therapy approach where we would be sort of inserting ourselves between those initial prescription NSAs and opioids. And we believe that's a realistic proposition based on the clinical profile that we've seen to date and our discussions with physicians, that's where they would see this kind of medicine fitting in. So that's how we would see it fitting into the treatment paradigm based on the sort of efficacy profile and safety and tolerability profile that we've seen.
Reshma Kewalramani: Evan, this is Reshma. To add to what Stuart said, there is a raging opioid epidemic in this country. And it is a public health crisis. So I think the most recent CDC report indicated 75,000 deaths in this last year, which is a 35% increase over the past year. So this is not a historic issue. It's a current day crisis. And I think that this approach that Stuart described where there is a step from over-the-counter pain medicines and then to a drug like VX-548, which because it only works in the periphery, there are no central receptors. There is no addictive potential here, I think, has enormous potential. And from physicians and community groups and health care officials that we've spoken with, there is huge enthusiasm for this kind of mechanism.
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow: Congrats on the quarter. So on the Viacyte acquisition, the VX-880 program. Could you just walk us through just -- obviously, there's areas of program overlap. Just how should we think about prioritization here? And maybe just flesh out a little bit more about just some of the -- and how it augments the program for you overall? And then on VX-548, so it sounds like trial initiation before year-end and acknowledging that it's large population size, but it is a short primary endpoint. When do you think you'd be in a position to  out topline for those trials?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Colin, let me just tackle the 548 question first, and then I'll get to Viacyte and the type 1 diabetes programs. The 548 programs are the pivotal program. It's really quite an efficient development program. These studies are quite short in duration. We know exactly how to do them. We've done them with VX-150. We did it again with VX-548. And the RCTs, the 2 randomized clinical trials, are very well understood surgical procedures, bunionectomy and abdominoplasty. I expect that these programs will progress quickly.  With regard to the Viacyte acquisition. The real goal here for us in the type 1 diabetes program is to transform, if not cure, this disease. That is certainly what we are aiming for. And we have 3 programs internally aimed at exactly that goal, VX-880, let's call it the naked cell program. The next program, which is the same cells as VX-880 in a device to evade the immune system. And the third program is those same cells that we edit and we call them hypoimmune cells. We are well on our way to achieving this goal of transforming type 1 diabetes, which you can see from the first 2 patients dosed at half dose with VX-880. What we're doing and the value of the Viacyte acquisition is accelerating our ability to get there. Specifically, Viacyte brings us tools and technologies, IP capabilities in manufacturing in particular and talent that's going to accelerate our ability to get to this cure.  If I double-click on that, what I'm really talking about are GMP cell lines, GMP manufacturing, access to a clinical-stage program with hypoimmune cells via the Viacyte CRISPR collaboration. And as we did with CF, our goal here -- and what we expect to do is move multiple programs in parallel and then choose the best one or ones to take the late-stage development and commercialization.
Operator: The next question will come from David Risinger with SVB Securities.
David Risinger: So I have a couple of questions about the AMKD interim that you have spoken to. Could you discuss your expectations for the control arm's eGFR rate of decline at 48 weeks. That's a short period of time and the control arm patients, I think, will be well taken care of on the standard of care, which is not always the case in the real world. So it would be helpful to understand what you're expecting for the control arm's decline. And then assuming that you do succeed in handing on the interim, has the FDA suggested that it would be supportive of an early filing on just the positive interim data?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing. With regard to the question around the interim analysis, and is the agency supported of an accelerated approval based on the interim analysis. Unambiguously, yes. This is one of the points of agreement that we reached at our end of Phase II meeting, which is one of the very important points that we were driving to ensure we had conclusion on. The reason for that is the following: APOL1-mediated FSGS or APOL1-mediated kidney disease as a whole is a different ball of wax than non-APOL1-mediated kidney disease. In other words, those who have 2 APOL1 alleles have very aggressive disease. We're talking about rate of declines annually north of 5 CCs per year. That is a very significant reduction in kidney function.  Unfortunately, there are no specific treatments for AMKD, and they certainly are no targeted treatments. So even though patients are often on standard of care medicines, this decline that I talked about is continuing. So with regard to our program, we have designed it to have this interim analysis after 48 weeks of treatment, where we will be able to assess the proteinuria difference between those treated with VX-147 versus the standard of care as well as the decline in renal function. And because these patients are so fit and the progression is so fast, it offers the opportunity to make this assessment at 1 year, which is not always the case in non-APOL1-mediated kidney disease. That's why it usually takes longer because the rate of decline is just playing slower. Very, very different in AMKD.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: Congrats on the quarter. I have a question and a clarification for Charlie. So the clarification is, are we including $300 million of Viacyte acquisition in IPR&D at this point for your guidance? Number one. And the question is for R&D and SG&A combined, it looks like -- I mean you're in a good situation of having so many programs which are entering into pivotal phase. Keeping that in mind, how sustainable is this a mid-50% operating margin profile going forward for the next couple of years, given that you are investing heavily in R&D.
Charles Wagner: Sure. Good question. As we mentioned, the success that we've had in the pipeline recently really is unprecedented. And so not surprisingly, with the great data and several multibillion-dollar opportunities, we are investing behind the success of these programs, and that really is what drives the OpEx increase in recent quarters and in our guidance. Specifically in the guidance I would highlight the success in pain and AMKD as the biggest drivers of the change in the OpEx guidance. And importantly, all of the increase, 90-plus percent of the increase is in R&D. So it's certainly very, very good news from our perspective, and we'll continue to invest.  In terms of the ability to sustain margins, we have a fantastic model. When you develop transformative medicines for serious diseases, there's tremendous value unlocked there, which allows us to consistently reinvest in innovation. And so we believe that with this model, we can sustain very, very attractive operating margins for the foreseeable future.  Your specific question around Viacyte. That is not in the guidance yet as we are in the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period and can't accurately forecast a close date for the transaction. That is not included in the guidance. And when we know the transaction close date, we'll update accordingly.
Operator: The next question will come from Olivia Brayer with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Olivia Brayer: Congrats on the great quarter. I wanted to follow up on CTX001. I know you're still in conversations with FDA, but are there any metrics beyond number of patients and duration of follow-up that could be different between the agreed upon EMA and MHRA submission packages versus what you might have to file in the U.S. And then just a quick clarification question on the filings. It looks like in the press release, you guys mentioned you're on track to file in Europe and the U.K. by year-end but it doesn't specifically call out the U.S. So I just wanted to clarify to see if there's any change to your assumptions there.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing. We have been having conversations, and we're really fortunate because we have every designation offered by regulators on this side of the pond and the other that allow us to have frequent conversations with them. And so we've been having these conversations with MHRA, EMA and FDA for many months. The topic of conversations have evolved because over time, we've settled out the preclinical package. We've settled out on CMC and manufacturing and all of the other modules. The conversation with EMA and MHRA towards the end as we were concluding those discussions, we're on the same point as with FDA. And that was around number of patients in the filing and duration of follow-up. We have come to conclusion. We have reached agreement. And therefore, I can say that we are on track, and we fully expect to get our filing in towards the end of this year.  With regard to the FDA, we simply haven't hit that milestone yet that we have with MHRA and EMA. We simply haven't concluded our discussions on the number of patients and the duration of follow-up. I do expect we will do so in the coming few weeks, and I look forward to updating you after that.
Operator: The next question will come from Hartaj Singh with Oppenheimer.
Hartaj Singh: A really nice quarter. Not to -- Reshma, to talk about a little bit of about memory from a year or two years ago, but AATD looks like you're going to be bringing a couple more molecules into the clinic this year. And previously, you had mentioned that you're trying to increase the potency of these molecules and get them at higher concentrations to do the tissue of interest. So how are you thinking about that with the approach for these molecules in the clinic this year? And then assuming you get them in the clinic this year, when could we see a readout going forward?
Reshma Kewalramani: With regard to the AATD program, AATD remains a disease of high interest, and one that fits the Vertex strategy like a glove. I'm excited that the next wave of molecules are about to enter the clinic, and I do expect the IND for at least 1 to go in this year, but there are many molecules, more than 1 in this next wave. We have been able to dial up the potency. The doses are low. I expect that we're going to fully explore the dose range. And I expect that we'll have results that we can talk about by next year.  So the programs are progressing and the opportunity here, Hartaj, just to remind others, is to tackle both the lung and liver manifestations of this disease. That's why the small molecule approach is so inviting to us, and why we're so eager to pursue it. All the other approaches out there simply don't tackle both manifestations of disease. And in my mind, therefore, are not transformative. So that's really what we're looking for. And next year, we should have results that we can all look at and evaluate.
Operator: We have time for one more question, and that will come from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: As you approach the filings, I'm curious where you stand with respect to CTX001 manufacturing and supply? I know you recently posted a bridging study. I'm curious how that might help you ultimately expand manufacturing and scale up? And then relatedly, where do you see the field with respect to next-generation or conditioning regimens? And how much would that be potentially helpful for expanding that long-term opportunity?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on the opportunity, the near-term opportunity with busulfan in the long term, and I'll come back and tell you a little bit about manufacturing.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Brian, thanks for the question. So across the U.S. and the EU, across sickle cell and TDT, we think there's approximately 150,000 patients who have sickle cell disease or beta thalassemia. Our initial launch is going to focus on those that have more severe disease, similar to the patients that are being included in the clinical trial, those that are likely to consider going through this treatment given the current busulfan conditioning regimen. We think that population is probably around 32,000 patients, about 25,000 of those are sickle cell disease patients and the majority of those are in the United States. So that's the initial launch population.  In terms of what the opportunity could look like if we can get to a truly gentler conditioning regimen, which may turn this kind of much more towards an outpatient procedure. Reshma will comment on it technically. But in terms of opportunity, we think that would significantly expand it beyond the 32,000 well into the 150,000 population. Maybe not all the way there, but certainly expand it significantly. It would become a procedure that a significantly higher number of people would consider having.
Reshma Kewalramani: And with regard to the manufacturing, in the grand scheme of things, this is an easier manufacturing challenge than other diseases that are being tackled with CRISPR-Cas9, for example. And I say that because this is ex vivo gene editing. And in essence, what we're talking about is a guide RNA and Cas9.  The second point to make here is that -- and credit to our partners at CRISPR, we've thought about the commercial manufacturing of this therapy from the get-go. I mean that in terms of the process development. I also mean that in terms of the actual manufacturing sites. It's fundamentally the same process that we are using in the clinical trial space, that is what we will be using in the commercial space. And it's actually the exact same manufacturing sites as well. So we feel really good about where we are with the commercial manufacturing of CTX001. And as I said, in the grand scheme of things, it's an easier challenge because it's ex vivo gene editing, and it is Cas9 and guide RNA, and that's it.
Charles Wagner: Yes, I was just going to say thank you, to everyone, for tuning into the Q2 call tonight. If you have additional questions, please reach out to the Investor Relations team who are available in the office this evening. Good night.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 21:05:03) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to Vertex's First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Bastiano Sanna, Chief of Vertex Cell and Genetic Therapies and Dr. David Altshuler, Chief Scientific Officer, will join for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. This call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we will review on the call this evening are non-GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Michael. Before we begin, as this will be Michael Partridge's last quarterly call with us, I'd like to take a moment to recognize Michael for his outstanding service and contributions to Vertex. For 25 years, he has been the face of Vertex with analysts and investors and with his calm and steady approach, Michael has led our IR team through countless milestones and many evolutions of the company. More recently, through the launch of all four of our marketed cystic fibrosis medicines and the emergence of our broad, mid- and late-stage pipeline, Michael has been an integral part of the Vertex leadership team, helping share our story with the world. Michael has shown a true passion for Vertex and the patients we serve. We are grateful for his dedication, and I want to personally thank Michael for all that he's done for Vertex. On to the quarterly review. Vertex is off to an excellent start across the board with strong performance in the CF business, rapid advancement of the pipeline and continued operational excellence. Q1 CF product revenues grew 22% year-on-year to $2.1 billion, reflecting continued growth in the number of CF patients treated globally. And despite continued significant investment in internal and external innovation, our non-GAAP operating margins remained industry leading at 56%. We maintained a rapid pace of progress in research and across the clinical stage pipeline with a half a dozen programs now post the POC stage. And we finished the quarter with a strong balance sheet and $8.2 billion in cash and investments. CF has been the exemplar of our R&D strategy. The last 6 to 12 months have made it clear, our R&D strategy is proving itself beyond CF with the discovery and development of small molecules and cell and genetic therapies across a number of disease areas. This serial innovation enables the potential to transform, if not cure, multiple diseases and in so doing help more patients and drive long-term growth for the company. Fundamentally, the goal of our strategy grounded in causal human biology, validated targets and biomarkers that translate from bench to bedside and all the way through pivotal development is to increase the odds of success in drug discovery and development. With the data we've generated in CF, in sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia, and now in rapid succession with positive proof of concept in APOL1-mediated kidney disease, pain and type 1 diabetes, our clinical stage pipeline has never been broader in terms of the number of disease areas more diverse in terms of modalities or more advanced. The company is now at a new inflection point with continued growth in CF, the advancement of our broad clinical pipeline with 6 programs in mid- and late-stage development, representing multibillion dollar opportunities and the potential from the next wave of therapies approaching the clinic. In this next group of programs that have initiated IND-enabling studies is our mRNA program in CF, the self plus device program in type 1 diabetes, the next wave of small molecule correctors in AATV and our in vivo gene editing program in DMD. A number of these programs are on track for IND filings later this year with clinical trials beginning thereafter. Our R&D strategy combined with our business model positions us well for continued innovation and sustained growth as we work to bring additional transformative medicines to more patients around the globe. With this as context, I'll now review the R&D highlights for the quarter. Looking to our future in CF, we continue to strengthen our leadership for the long term. Our real-world experience with TRIKAFTA continues to accumulate. And as Stuart will discuss, raises the bar for any regimen in development. That said, -- if it is possible to outperform TRIKAFTA, we're determined to be the ones who do so. Our next-in-class triple combination of VX-121, tezacaftor 561 is rapidly progressing through pivotal development. More than 180 clinical trial sites are open and enrolling patients in our Skyline Phase III program. We expect to complete enrollment by late 2022 or early 2023. As a reminder, VX-121/tezacaftor/561 has the potential for greater clinical benefit than TRIKAFTA and is a more convenient once-daily treatment that carries a lower royalty obligation for Vertex. For the more than 5,000 patients who do not make any CFTR protein and cannot benefit, therefore, from a CFTR modulator, we are developing an mRNA therapy together with our partner, Moderna. IND-enabling studies for this program have been completed, and we remain on track to submit an IND in the second half of 2022 with clinical development starting thereafter. Turning to the pipeline beyond CF. Starting with CTX001, our gene editing approach designed to provide a potential functional cure for sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. We plan to submit for U.S. and EU regulatory approvals for CTX001 for beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease by the end of 2022, and we expect this to be our next commercial launch. Enrollment in both Phase III studies is complete, and we have now dosed more than 75 patients across both programs. We look forward to sharing more clinical data on CTX001, including longer-term follow-up and more patients at medical forms this year. Moving on to VX-147, our first-in-class small molecule inhibitor for people with APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD, which has made rapid progress into pivotal development. In December, we reported unprecedented Phase II proof-of-concept results. In patients with FSGS, a particular kind of APOL1-mediated kidney disease, treatment with VX-147 led to a 47.6% reduction in proteinuria compared to baseline. VX-147 was generally well tolerated. There were no SAEs related to VX-147, and all AEs were mild to moderate in severity. In late March, we initiated pivotal development of VX-147 following agreement with FDA and the design of the program, which included one, a single adaptive Phase II/III study design in people with 2 APOL1 mutations, proteinuria and decreased renal function; two, evaluation of VX-147 in the broad AMKD population representing approximately 100,000 people in the U.S. and Europe with this disease; and three, the ability to conduct an interim analysis, which if positive, could provide a pathway to accelerated approval in the U.S. Transitioning now to our pain program. In late March, we announced that VX-548, a novel first-in-class, non-opioid NaV1.8 inhibitor achieved statistically significant and clinically meaningful relief in 2 Phase II studies of acute pain, meeting our high expectations. In the 2 studies, one following abdominoplasty and one following bunionectomy, VX-548 at the highest dose tested showed a rapid, sustained and consistent decrease in pain intensity compared to placebo on the primary endpoint of SPID48, a time-weighted sum of the pain intensity difference from time of first dose to 48 hours. In assessing the SPID-48 score, it's important to note, higher scores indicate greater pain relief. VX-548 was superior to placebo with a statistically significant mean SPID-48, of 37.8 in abdominoplasty, and 36.8 in bunionectomy. In the reference arm of the study, standard of care opioid therapy showed a mean SPID48 difference from placebo of 12.5 and 14.7, respectively. From a safety and tolerability perspective, VX-548 was well tolerated at all doses. There were no serious adverse events related to VX-548 and the majority of adverse events were mild or moderate. Given the high unmet need for an efficacious and well-tolerated non-opioid pain medicine, we are working with urgency to advance VX-548, our goal is to bring forward a novel class of pain treatment with the potential to provide effective pain relief without the addictive potential or adverse side effects of opioids. And we plan to advance VX-548 into pivotal development for acute pain in the second half of 2022, pending discussions with regulators. I'll conclude with the type 1 diabetes program and VX-880, our stem cell-derived fully differentiated islet cell replacement therapy that could offer a functional cure for people living with type 1 diabetes. In the U.S. and Europe alone, type 1 diabetes affects more than 2.5 million people. As we announced earlier this week, the VX-880 program has been placed on clinical hold in the U.S. by the FDA and we're working with urgency to understand more. At that time, we also shared the safety and efficacy data from the first 3 patients treated to date. To recap, the first patient was treated with half the target dose of cells has achieved insulin independence at day 270, with a hemoglobin A1c level of 5.2%. The second patient also a half dose had positive results through day 150. The patient achieved robust increases in measures of pancreatic lipase islet cell function and improved glucose control while simultaneously experiencing a 30% decrease in exogenous insulin use. Taken together, the results from patients 1 and patients 2, both treated at half dose, demonstrate proof of concept for VX-880. The third patient who is the first to receive a full dose of VX-880 has reached the day 29 milestone. As of day 29, the patient showed encouraging early indications of efficacy, with increasing C-peptide levels and improving glycemic control. The first detailed assessment of pancreatic islet function and glycemic control for patients in the study occurs at the day 90 visit. Across the program, in the 3 patients dosed to date, there are no SAEs related to VX-880. The majority of adverse events are mild to moderate, and the overall safety profile is consistent with the immunosuppressive regimen used in the study and the perioperative period. These are the data to date. Of course, all 3 patients will be continued to be followed per study protocol. We look forward to working constructively and expeditiously with the FDA to understand and address their questions so that we can resume the trial as soon as possible in the U.S. To close out on type 1 diabetes, a quick word on our self plus device program, we continue to make progress with our sales and device approach. In this program, instead of using immunosuppression to protect the cell from the immune system, the immunoprotective device is designed to serve that function. We remain on track for an IND filing for this program later this year. In summary, Vertex continues to deliver significant growth in CF, we're making rapid progress with programs in 6 disease areas in mid- and late-stage development, including 5 programs that are already in or entering pivotal development, with another wave of programs on track to enter the clinic starting later this year. We have a strong financial profile and balance sheet that enables continued investment to drive serial innovation. With that, I'll turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I'm pleased to review tonight our continued strong commercial performance in CF, our clear path towards future growth in CF and our plans for expansion into additional disease areas. Vertex's CF business continues to grow at a rapid pace, driven by consistent performance of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and the continued robust uptake of TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO outside the U.S., following significant reimbursement progress internationally over the past year. Q1 product revenue of $2.1 billion grew 22% year-over-year as more patients have come on therapy. U.S. revenues grew 9% to $1.37 billion in the first quarter of 2022 driven by additional patients starting treatment with TRIKAFTA, most notably children ages 6 to 11, following the mid-2021 approval. Revenue outside the U.S. increased 55% over the first quarter of 2021 to $729 million, driven by rapid uptake of TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO in countries where we reached reimbursement agreements. We started the year with more than 25,000 patients in North America, Europe and Australia, who could benefit from a CFTR modulator but were not yet on therapy. These patients fell primarily into 1 of 3 categories: one, patients who have not yet initiated treatment, largely in countries where we are recently reimbursed and therefore, are early in the launch curve; two, patients in geographies where we are not yet reimbursed; and three, younger age groups who will be addressed through ongoing label expansions. We are confident in our ability to reach the vast majority of these patients over time. TRIKAFTA KAFTRIO are now available and reimbursed in more than 25 countries, we have continued to reach new reimbursement agreements with the most notable reached example being Australia, where TRIKAFTA is now reimbursed for eligible patients ages 12 and above. We also continue to make progress extending treatment to younger patients. In January, we secured approval for KAFTRIO in Europe and the U.K. for children ages 6 to 11. And in April, Health Canada granted marketing authorization for TRIKAFTA for the same patients. In the U.S., we recently submitted an sNDA for approval of ORKAMBI for children ages 1 to less than 2 years. We also completed enrollment in the Phase III study of TRIKAFTA in children ages 2 to 5 and anticipate submitting for U.S. approval for this age group before the end of 2022. As Reshma mentioned, powerful real-world and long-term experience with TRIKAFTA further strengthens the clinical value proposition of this combination. We have previously shown evidence that treatment with our medicines, KALYDECO, ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO slows lung function decline, one of the hallmarks of disease progression for CF patients. We now have data that compares lung function over time for patients treated with TRIKAFTA to untreated matched controls. And these data show that patients on TRIKAFTA on average, do not lose any lung function over a 2-year follow-up period. Generally, CF patients lose 1% to 3% of lung function every year. We will be presenting these important new data at an upcoming medical forum. As Reshma noted, the last 6 to 12 months have been a remarkable period for Vertex as multiple programs reached late-stage development. I would like to provide a few thoughts on 2 programs in late-stage development that could be among our next commercial opportunities. Starting with CTX001, our CRISPR/Cas9-based gene editing therapy for hemoglobinopathies, which we plan to file for regulatory approval before the end of this year. Commercial and launch preparation activities for sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia are well underway. Over the past year, we have developed a deep understanding of the sickle cell and TDT markets, including where patients with these diseases are concentrated, the physicians who would refer them for treatment and the key treatment centers that will facilitate the patient journey. With our submissions planned for later this year, our launch preparation activities are progressing rapidly. Key leadership positions and teams are in place across multiple functions, including medical, commercial and manufacturing. A small number of centers of excellence in the U.S. and Europe will treat the vast majority of severe sickle cell and thalassemia patients. Our research suggests that about 90% of U.S. patients reside in 24 states and about 75% of patients in Europe reside in 4 countries. We have identified the potential centers and their referral networks in these countries. We are already engaging with public and commercial payers in the U.S. and EU, and we are developing robust patient service programs to support patients throughout the treatment journey. We continue to see tremendous potential for CTX001 to help patients, and we look forward to the possibility of bringing this groundbreaking therapy to those living with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. Finally, with the recent completion of the 2 Phase II studies in acute pain and the positive POC results in both studies, as Reshma noted, we now plan to advance VX-548 into pivotal development in acute pain in the second half of this year. Let me review with you briefly the market opportunity we see in pain. There is a vast unmet need in the treatment of moderate to severe pain and especially for medicines with an improved benefit risk profile, including avoiding the side effects and addictive qualities of standard of care opioids. To give you some perspective on the market for acute pain, which is our initial target market for VX-548, every year, there are more than 1.5 billion treatment days for acute pain in the U.S. with a large proportion of these, including a prescribed opioid. It is an unfortunate fact that some of these scripts result in addiction problems for some patients and contribute to the opioid epidemic in the U.S. provisional data from the CDC's National Center for Health Statistics for the latest 12-month period ending April 2021, recently estimated that there were more than 75,000 overdose deaths from opioids in the U.S., an increase of 35% compared to the prior 12-month period. A novel, highly effective class of medicines that does not have these safety concerns would therefore have tremendous potential. For instance, one can imagine a step therapy paradigm in which a patient is started on NSAIDs, escalated to a NAV 1.8 inhibitor, and only as a last resort, prescribed in opioid. The first indication we are pursuing for VX-548 is moderate to severe acute pain, and we see this segment of the market as a specialty market that fits the Vertex commercialization model well. But the mechanism is applicable to other types of pain, as demonstrated by VX-150 which showed positive POC across acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain. We look forward to discussing plans in these indications on future calls. I am very excited about our continued progress in bringing our CF medicines to more patients globally and about the promise of our late-stage pipeline. I will now turn the call over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex is off to an excellent start in 2022 as our R&D pipeline continued to deliver significant milestones, and we again delivered strong financial performance in the first quarter. First quarter total product revenues were $2.1 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the first quarter of 2021. Our growth was again primarily driven by new patients coming on therapy compared to the prior year, including continued robust uptake of KAFTRIO internationally, following expanded reimbursement access in a number of geographies over the past year as well as continued growth of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. Our first quarter 2022 combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses were $687 million compared to $531 million in Q1 2021. The year-over-year increase in expenses was driven by increased research costs and investments in our advancing pipeline with multiple programs now in mid- and late-stage development. Additionally, we continue to make investments in CTX001 pre-commercial activities in anticipation of regulatory filing by the end of this year. Starting in the first quarter of 2022 and going forward, consistent with reporting practices that have been recently adopted by peer companies, we no longer exclude, from our non-GAAP results, research and development charges from upfront or contingent milestone payments in connection with collaborations, asset acquisitions or the licensing of third-party IP. We have also updated prior year reported non-GAAP figures to be consistent with the new basis of presentation. This change in reporting affects only our non-GAAP numbers and the impacts on reported results for Q1 '22 and Q1 '21 were not material. Our continued strong revenue growth, combined with our efficient operating model resulted in Q1 non-GAAP operating margin of 56% and non-GAAP operating income of $1.17 billion, an increase of 16% year-over-year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 was 22%. We ended the quarter with $8.2 billion in cash and short-term investments as we continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet profile. Now to guidance. We are maintaining our previously issued guidance for full year 2022 CF product revenue and non-GAAP effective tax rate. We are adjusting our guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to reflect the change in reporting of upfronts and milestones as I described moments ago. Specifically, our guidance for total CF product revenue remains at $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion. At the midpoint, this is a year-over-year increase of approximately $1 billion or 12% growth. Non-GAAP operating expenses are now projected in a range of $2.82 billion to $2.92 billion, including potential upfront and milestone payments from existing or ongoing collaborations. Finally, we continue to project a non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22%. As we look out to the remainder of the year and into 2023, we have a number of important pipeline milestones that will demonstrate our continued progress, and these are shown on Slide 16 of the webcast. In summary, we are on track for our 8th consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth in 2022. The CF business is strong, and we have invested to maintain leadership in CF for the long term. At the same time, we are now going through an inflection point as a company well on our way to diversifying Vertex into new disease areas beyond CF as the broad pipeline of potentially transformative medicines advances. As a result, our unique business strategy, which enables significant reinvestment in internal and external innovation while sustaining high profitability leaves us exceptionally well positioned for further significant value creation over time. We look forward to updating you further as we progress through the year. Let's now open the call to questions.
Operator:  And the first question will come from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Just want to say thanks to Michael, first of all, all help over the years. It's obviously been very much appreciated. So my question is on your Phase III trial for VX-147 and AMKD. And I'm curious about kind of your confidence in the potential for an accelerated filing at the 48-week time point based on the predictive nature of reduction in proteinuria materially impacting the slope of eGFR curves at that time?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Cory, with regard to the 147 program, the key features of the study design are that it's a singular Phase II/III study. It is a study that will enroll the broad population, so the full 100,000 patients that could be eligible for this drug. And the third feature of the study is the 1 you asked about. We have built in a prespecified interim analysis at the 48-week time point. And if that analysis is positive, that provides the pathway to accelerated approval. The relationship between proteinuria, that's what we studied in Phase II is very tight, high correlation with EGFR, which is a measure of renal function. And the reason I have such high confidence in the interim analysis is because the reduction in proteinuria that we saw in Phase II is an unprecedented 47.6% in this very specific and a very aggressive form of AMK called FSGS. So with that 47.6% reduction in proteinuria and you do the translations to what you would expect in terms of GFR. What I come out with is a high confidence level for the interim analysis. That was why it was so important that these 3 features that I mentioned were agreed upon with the agency when we went to them at the end of Phase II meeting.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Meacham with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Zemansky: This is Jason on for Geoff. Congratulations on the quarter. And again, want to extend our congratulations to Michael. A few quick if I may. Could you discuss how the pain programs fit in strategically within the commercial portfolio, given the focus on rare diseases, basically, is this an asset you're potentially thinking about partnering with? Is it advances? Or are you kind of looking at maybe establishing the necessary commercial infrastructure? And then it does sound like the clinical hold on 80 was a bit of a surprise. But then again, regulators have seemingly started operating with I guess, an abundance of caution for gene and cell therapies. And do you see any potential negative read-throughs to the upcoming CTX001 submission? Or have regulators seem fairly comfortable with the safety and efficacy package as is.
Reshma Kewalramani: Jason, there's a few different questions in there. Let me try to parse it out into pain and how we see CTX001. On CTX001, we've been very pleased with the momentum that we've seen in the study. As I said in my prepared remarks, the enrollment is complete. We've dosed more than 75 patients we've secured really every regulatory designation available prime RMAT orphan here and in Europe. And we are planning forward for our filing towards the tail end of this year. On the pain program, let me make 2 comments, and I'm going to turn it over to Stuart to give you some more color. We see acute pain and neuropathic pain as fully Vertexian. I don't feel the same way about musculoskeletal pain or something like back pain or knee pain or some such pain that will categorize as musculoskeletal. That being said, based on the pharmacologic validation with our own VX-150 and the genetic validation, I do expect this mechanism to be effective across the 3 pain states. Stuart, a little more color on the commercialization.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. And Jason, I think there is a bit of a misconception about us as a company that we're a rare or an orphan company. And as Reshma described that's not how we define ourselves. Our research strategy is to focus on specific diseases where we understand the human biology, whether or dare validated targets, as Reshma said, either genetically or in the case of NAV 1.8 now pharmacologically and they're in markets where we can access them with a specialty infrastructure. And we think pain fits that description perfectly. As Reshma said, there's various different segments of the pain market that you can think about acute, neuropathic and the chronic musculoskeletal. The commercial opportunity in the acute pain segment is enormous. Acute paying accounts for over $1.5 billion with the B treatment days a year in the U.S. alone. And despite more than 90% of those prescriptions being generic, the market is valued at $4 billion. So if we are able to bring forward an asset that has opioid or better efficacy, without the side effect liability of opioids and other pain medications. We think the opportunity is very, very significant in acute pain, multibillion dollar in acute pain opportunity. And as Reshma said, similarly in neuropathic pain, multibillion-dollar opportunity, that's also a specialty market that we could service through a specialty infrastructure.
Operator: Next question will come from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: So a few quick ones. 2 quick ones, some inclusion criteria for your Phase III trial for AMKD. How challenging do you think the enrollment might be? You've indicated there's 100,000 patients how many are actually genotypes are seeking treatment? Do you have to do more work to actually get the genotype? And second question is really on CTX-1. Could you just give us some more color as you've been talking to more of the centers, maybe buckets of patients that would be the initial patients most likely to 1 drug and what their characteristics are? And are you creating a registry or a list of patients who might be willing to start therapy.
Reshma Kewalramani: I'm going to start on AMKD, and then I'll ask Stuart to provide some color on the patients for both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia for the CTX001 program. Robyn, the key criteria for entry into the AMKD study is proteinuria, reduced renal function and 2 APOL1 alleles by genotyping. The actual genotyping test is fairly simple. It's a simple blood test, but you are right that it is not commonly performed. And the reason it's not commonly performed is because before now, we didn't really have anything to offer our patients who had APOL1-mediated kidney disease. Recognizing that, we've added some features into our Phase II/III clinical trial to ensure that we will have the kind of enrollment that we seek and that we can bring this medicine forward with speed. The first is it's a global study with many sites up and running in the U.S. and in the EU. The second is all patients are on standard of care. So there is no patient who is going to have to go on to placebo to be part of the study. This is a study where 1 arm gets standard of care plus VX-147 and the other arm gets standard of care. And third, we have a concurrent genotyping study up and running where patients can get genotyped and they can, if they wish, then enroll in the Phase II/III study. I think that those measures are going to be very helpful as we make progress on the enrollment. Stuart, I'm going to turn it over to you for CTX001 and patients that you see.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Robyn, thanks for the question. So -- as we've commented previously, there's about 150,000 patients who have sickle cell disease or transfusion development, fusion dependent thalassemia in the U.S. and the EU. However, as you can imagine, we don't think that there are -- that is the entire population is going to be eligible for CTX001 given the current conditioning regimen. So based on the inclusion criteria with our study, but also our research and other people's research, talking to physicians about the types of patients that they think are likely to be potential candidates. We think that's around 32,000 of the 150,000. Of that 32,000, about 25,000 of those are sickle cell, the majority of which are here in the U.S. So that is the patients that we think are likely to be potential candidates for CTX001 with the existing BSA-based conditioning regimen.
Operator: The next question will come from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Michael, it has been a pleasure working with you. You'll be very missed here. Two clinical questions. One on CTX001. On the commercial front, how much precedent has been set on the payer front globally by bluebird, particularly given their difficulty with the EU? And then secondly, on the Duchenne gene editing program, -- could you just provide some details on the construct? And is this in partnership with CRISPR.
Reshma Kewalramani: Salveen, I'm going to start with the DMD question, and then I'm going to turn it over to Stuart to talk through CTX. The DMD program is -- one, I know, Salveen, you've asked me about before, in just 1 second, I'm going to turn it over to Bastiano. We have made really nice progress on that program. This is a gene editing-based program, and we are in IND-enabling studies with the IND plan for next year. Bastiano, can I ask you to give a little bit more color on this?
Bastiano Sanna: Sure. So our approach to D&D is a little bit different than all the other gene therapy approaches because we have deliberately actually chosen to go with like a near full-length exon-skipping dystrophin approach, which is based on human genetics because as you know, patients with back dystrophy, for example, have a near full line dystrophin and for the very mild disease. The gene therapy approaches that are used by -- in other contexts, they only deliver a truncated version of the dystrophin or various lengths, but it's called micro dystrophin for a reason. Gene editing is actually on the approach that has the potential to deliver the near full-length protein, which is required for what we believe is going to be a durable transformational functional cure. You remember that this program came to us through the acquisition of Axonics. And since then, we have worked really, really hard on both analytical and process development for our technology because given what has happened in the field that we did pay close attention to those purity and other things like development and process development to be sure that we have the best product technology-wise as opposed together with science. So we feel very optimistic about our approach and as Vesa said, very pleased to be in IND-enabling studies and we aim to file the IND in 2023 and beginning clinical development soon thereafter.
Stuart Arbuckle: Salveen, on transformative therapies and kind of payment models, which I think was the basis of the question. I don't think what happened with Blue Bird has set a precedent that transformative onetime functional cures are never going to get paid for in the EU or elsewhere. Clearly, there's disappointment in the community about the license withdrawal However, we, as part of our prelaunch planning are engaging with payers, both here in the U.S. and overseas. And based on the capabilities that our team has demonstrated in securing reimbursement for CF, given the transformative potential that CTX001 holds, I'm optimistic that we going to be able to bring that medicine to patients around the world pending license approval.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: We have 2 questions on APOL1-mediated kidney disease. And the first question was just around your confidence in enrolling the Phase II portion and whether or not you expect that data at the end of the year and what you can say about that? So going back to sort of a follow-up in terms of identifying these patients and speed and confidence of getting these people enrolled. And the second question relates to the Phase II portion, which is on EGFR and whether or not you have a good idea around the slope of decline over a time period for these patients and whether or not there's any heterogeneity between the different diseases within and what you're assuming for in the Phase III in decline?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Mike, with regard to enrollment, it is really simply too early to comment on enrollment dynamics for VX-147. We presented and shared the Phase II data just in December and the Phase III started just 3 months after that in March. So a little too early to call. But as I commented, I think the genotyping study, the number of trial sites that we are opening around the globe and the fact that this is a study where both arms get treatment will help with enrollment. On the GFR question in the Phase III portion, the -- this group of patients, those with 2 APOL1 alleles have a very rapid decline. And when I say that, I mean north of 5 ccs per year. And when you have that kind of rapid decline, it gives you the opportunity to assess the impact of your drug, which is why this 1-year accelerated endpoint potential is really important. So what we demonstrated in Phase II is reduction in proteinuria. That was the approximately 50% reduction, 47.6% on -- that is very tightly correlated with the EGFR, the measure of kidney function and the measure of kidney function in people with 2 APOL1 alleles, regardless of whether you call it FSGS or you call it another disease, is very high. So I feel very good about where we are in terms of getting the clinical trial up and running and very good about the way we've designed the endpoint on both proteinuria and eGFR.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Michael, let me add my thanks for all your help over the years. Best of luck in your next adventure. You're certainly going to be missed here. Two questions from us. First, brief commercial and then VX-880.On the commercial last quarter, you called out inventory build. You haven't mentioned inventory yet on the call. So curious where inventory stands and whether there's destocking in the quarter. Then second on VX-880, appreciating it's still early days since the clinical hold that was initiated. But do you have any sense of why the FDA is not convinced. I think in the press release, you mentioned they didn't believe the benefit risk was positive. Is that because they don't think you need more benefit -- or is there some risk they're worried about? And then second on VX-80, you have 1 ex U.S. trial site, any desire to increase the numbers to continue enrolling patients what the U.S. hold is instituted. And last, of course, if you have any preliminary thoughts on what you need to do to release the hold would all be curious to hear.
Reshma Kewalramani: Let me ask Charlie to start with your question on the inventory for the quarter. Charlie, do you want to talk a little bit about the revenues for the quarter and how you see inventory?
Charles Wagner: Yes. Thanks for the question. As we've mentioned previously, it's not at all uncommon for us to see channel inventory and patient inventory fluctuations quarter-to-quarter on the order of magnitude of $20 million to $50 million. We called out an inventory increase in the fourth quarter. We did see some destocking in the first quarter. We just didn't call it out specifically.
Reshma Kewalramani: And with regard to your questions on VX-880, Phil, what we shared earlier this week is what we know. By regulation, the agency is 30 days to provide us their list of questions or their information request. We are highly confident in this program and deeply committed to type 1 diabetes. And we're looking forward to constructively and expeditiously working with the agency to resume the trial in the U.S. as soon as possible. The trial is up and running, as you rightfully point out in 2 regions right now in the U.S. and in Canada. The trial remains up and running in Canada. We have not received any word from Health Canada for any questions or concerns that they have. And with regard to opening up additional sites, that's always been in the plan. It has nothing to do with the hold in the U.S., and we intend to have more sites coming on in time.
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Bristow with UBS. Please go ahead.
Colin Bristow: This is Colin. Congrats on the quarter, Michael, thank you for the help and all the best in the future. So  and in Reshma, we had previously spoken before the AbbVie readout, and you talked about the amount of competitive intelligence work you have done, and this ultimately gave you confidence that the AbbVie triplet would not be a threat. Can you give us was on point. I'm curious if you had any early thoughts or insight into NextGen correct? I think it's AbbVie 576 that they plan to advance into the clinic. And then also on the competition side, there was some press recently about Cone Therapeutics, which have assets targeting the NBD1 domain. So I'd be curious to get your take on this approach also.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Colin, I'll start and then I'm going to ask David to add a little comment. Colin, I won't speak directly to any competitor. That's not my practice. But let's talk about CF in general. Over the years, we've established a leadership position in CF, and we've not only sustained it, but we've expanded it. And our goal of out innovating ourselves and if possible, even bringing more efficacious medicines forward than TRIKAFTA. And absolutely, in the case of the last 5,000 patients bringing forward a nucleic acid therapy for them, that remains unchanged. TRIKAFTA is the standard of care today. And the closest competitor to TRIKAFTA has been and remains today our own VX-121561, tezacaftor. I'm going to ask David to just give you a few comments on why we have so much confidence in our molecules and the HBE assays, which are really the workhorse and the translational element of what we do. David, a few comments from you on our confidence and why we know when we have something in the lab, it translates into the clinic.
David Altshuler: Absolutely, Rashmi. As you've seen over the years, the Vertex deployment of the HBE assay has proven itself over and over again to be translationally relevant and predict clinical outcomes. And that's been true through Gladeco, or can be Symdeko, VX-445, TRIKAFTA and also with VX-121, that triple where we saw improved chloride transport in the HBE assay. We also, as you remember, did a Phase II study that showed improved sweat chloride and other very promising attributes such as the FEV1 change. So we really believe in that assay, and we've proven it out. We do continue to work on small molecules to outdo not just TRIKAFTA, but the X21 which is in Phase III. And we do follow everything that goes on, and we believe that the most promising molecules that could possibly challenge the VX-445 our own 121 triple and those things we might bring beyond it.
Operator: The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bansal: And again, my congratulations, and thank you very much for Michael as well. So maybe a couple of questions on the diabetes program. Could you comment on the C-peptide levels for the first patient at day 270. Was there an increase after 150. And do you -- when do you expect to see a plateau flattering effect for C-peptide? And last 1 related is that do you have a target peptide level for these patients that might lead to insulin independence eventually?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Well, it's really good questions. I'm going to reframe the question a little bit and ask Bastiano to comment, but I want to make sure I explain this well. The way you know that a patient is insulin independence actually is by a very strict criteria. And that strict criteria is they don't take insulin any longer, exogenous insulin. Their fasting glucose level is less than 126 and their postprandial, that's to say after food, glucose level is less than 180. And the reason we're able to declare patient number one as insulin independent is because they meet all of those criteria. Now you asked a good question about what do we expect in terms of durability of effect. And I'm going to turn it over to Bastiano to talk about the experience with cadaveric transplants, the quantity and quality of our cells and why we think that our approach is a durable long-term durable approach. Bastiano?
Bastiano Sanna: And it actually allows me to talk about what is really important in this problem, which is the quality and the nature of our sales our sales are fully differentiated, undistinguishable from naturally occurring beta cells. So they share a common biology. Now what we know about the biology of beta cells is that at first, they pretty much all set when it comes to their numbers and their differentiation, which means that they last a lifetime. That is what is known about itself. That is actually consistent with what has been learned over the years with cadaveric islets, where when the patients are compliant with immunosuppressive therapy and the transplant is therefore successful, these cells can last for a very, very long time. So ourselves, we believe that being of the same biology and in the context of a similar therapeutic approach being linear transplant, we believe that there is the potential for the cells to last as long as the natural beta cells do, which is a lifetime. When it comes to the.
Reshma Kewalramani: I think that was a .
Operator: The next question will come from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: I'll just add, Michael, thank you for everything over the years. You will be missed greatly. Charlie, 1 for you. I love if you could speak to the impact of FX on OUS sales. I don't think you mentioned anything in your prepared remarks. Did that factor into your decision not to raise guidance despite expanded reimbursement, I'm not pointing to kind of what you announced in Australia recently.
Charles Wagner: Yes. Evan, thanks for the question. Again, just to remind folks, the reiterated guidance for revenue, $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion sets us up for another really strong year. That's $1 billion above 2021 and 12% growth. As we reiterated the guidance, we considered a number of puts and takes. Australia, of course, is good news that we've had this year. We also consider things like inventory fluctuations in FX, which is a very modest headwind. And all of that taken together, we feel is accurately captured in the $200 million range between the low end and the high end of guidance.
Evan Seigerman: And then no real impact on FX or kind of -- can you speak more to that?
Charles Wagner: Yes. It's pretty modest. Two-thirds of our revenues are in the U.S., one-thirds ex U.S. We have a very active and very effective hedging program that blunt some of the impact of foreign exchange changes. And so for us, with -- again, with sort of a baseline 12% growth rate, the relative impact of FX is pretty modest and very small compared to some of our peers.
Reshma Kewalramani: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question will come from Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Liisa Bayko: I guess we'll be the last one to thank Michael for all of his hard work. And we'll hope you'll keep in touch with us.
Michael Partridge: You bet.
Liisa Bayko: I just want to see if we get a little more detail on some of the type 1 diabetes metrics. Like for example, we don't have some of the HBA1c number for patient 2 at 90. And it would just be nice to see how that's tracking. I know there was a reduced exogenous inflow news, so that's good. And then some of the other -- I guess, are you saying if you didn't mention the (inaudible) C-peptides, maybe it hadn't reached an appropriate level yet. I'm just curious because the peak simulator wasn't shown either for some of those endpoints -- those time points. So just curious to fill in some of the holes here.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing. Liisa, we shared a fair amount of data on all 3 patients dosed to date, the first 2 patients at half dose and the first full dose patient who is at the day 30 milestone across all of the patients in terms of efficacy, we see really good efficacy. And we've shared now out to day 270 on patient number one, who is insulin independent. You're right, we haven't shared all of the details at all of the time points across the patients. but you should expect us to share all of the details in terms of hemoglobin A1c, C-peptide levels, stimulated and fasting as well as the CGM, that's the continuous glucose monitoring data and, of course, all safety at upcoming congresses this year. So you will see all of the data on the patients with all of the follow-up.
Liisa Bayko: And then just one more question, if I may. Sorry, I might have missed this earlier, but for CTX001, have you finalized what you need to file with FDA? And then if you could give us an indication of where you're going to present the data, the next data out there, that would be great.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. On CTX001, we shared last data on, I believe, 22 patients last year at the European Hematology meeting. We now have dosed over 75 patients. So we have substantially more information, and you should expect to see that at upcoming congresses this year. With regard to the data package for the agency, what we need to do, as we've discussed, is complete our discussions with them. And the 2 outstanding areas of discussion are the number of patients and the duration of follow-up that they would like to see in the filing. You know we have all of the designations like RMAT and orphan and such. So we've had the opportunity to have conversations that bring us to this point. It's now wrapping up those conversations with both the U.S. and the EU to wrap up on the discussion of numbers and duration.
Liisa Bayko: And it seems like you've done a bunch of work on sort of the market and it looks like the markets are relatively concentrated. Do you have any sense of sort of capacity and how we should think about how many patients could be treated in the current scenario on a yearly basis?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Liisa, I think you're asking about in the U.S. and EU, how do we see bed capacity for patients to be able to come in and have the procedure for CTX001. Since we're out of time, I'll just take it really quickly. Stuart and the team have mapped this out. It is very concentrated, the overall helming majority of patients in the EU who qualify for this therapy are concentrated in 4 countries. The overwhelming majority of patients in the U.S. who qualify for this therapy are concentrated in less than 25 states, and we have mapped out the centers where they would be treated. And yes, we see that the numbers of patients that we expect to be treated are going to have a way to have that done in centers with the right expertise.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Michael Partridge for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, operator. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call tonight. Thank you also for all of your kind words, very much appreciated. It has been an honor and a privilege to represent Vertex, and it's also been fun to always interact with all of you. As always, the team and I are in the office tonight if you have additional questions. Take care, and have a good evening.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 16:30:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to the Vertex Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. This call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website.  We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we will review on the call this evening are non-GAAP.  I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Michael. I'm pleased to discuss our performance and progress in 2021 and to share our vision for where Vertex is headed. 2021 was a very important year for the company, during which we expanded our leadership position in CF, significantly advanced the mid- and late-stage pipeline and further strengthened our financial position, and one which sets us up for high-value milestones in 2022 and a very bright future for years to come.  Our revenue and earnings continue to reflect the significant growth of our global CF franchise. And based on our success in treating more CF patients, we again delivered exceptional financial results, generating nearly $7.6 billion in product revenues, representing 22% growth year-on-year and 27% growth over Q4 2020.  Also in 2021, we initiated 2 global Phase III studies with our next-in-class CF regimen VX-121/tezacaftor/VX-561; completed enrollment in the pivotal studies of CTX001; delivered proof-of-concept with VX-147 in a type of APOL1-mediated kidney disease known as FSGS; delivered early but very promising results with VX-880 in type 1 diabetes; and advanced VX-548 into 2 proof-of-concept studies in acute pain, the results of which are expected this quarter. These advancements span small molecules, gene editing and cell therapies and 6 disease areas, including CF.  Fueled by our success in cystic fibrosis, our financial profile and balance sheet have been further strengthened, enabling both continued investment in internal and external innovation and industry-leading operating margins. We provided a detailed overview of Vertex at our webcast 2 weeks ago at the JPMorgan Conference. Tonight, our prepared remarks will recap the high points around our CF franchise and our pipeline and also review our commercial performance and financial expectations for 2022, starting with CF.  For the 90% of CF patients who can benefit from a CFTR modulator, we see continued significant growth ahead as we have more than 25,000 patients who could benefit from TRIKAFTA and our other CF medicines but who are not yet on treatment. Stuart will discuss the opportunity ahead of us and our high confidence that we will reach these patients in his prepared remarks.  Approved first in the U.S. in October of 2019, TRIKAFTA set a high bar in terms of both clinical trials and real-world data and has become the standard of care for patients with CF today. To recap, in late 2021, we shared 96-week data from the extension of the TRIKAFTA pivotal trial, where we saw no decline in mean lung function. This was a first for any CFTR modulator.  We now have the first real-world data for TRIKAFTA from the U.S. CF Foundation registry. Across approximately 16,000 patients treated with TRIKAFTA and represented in the registry in 2020, relative to patients eligible for TRIKAFTA in the year prior to approval, we see an 87% reduction in the risk of lung transplant, a 77% reduction in pulmonary exacerbations and a 74% reduction in the risk of death.  Nonetheless, if it is possible to deliver better clinical outcomes in TRIKAFTA, we are determined to be the ones who do so. And our next-in-class triple combination of VX-121/tezacaftor/561, which holds that potential, is already in pivotal development. We expect completion of enrollment in both Phase III SKYLINE trials in late 2022 or early 2023. This combination has the potential for greater clinical benefit, more convenient once-daily dosing and a significantly lower royalty obligation.  For the last 10% of CF patients who do not make any CFTR protein, with our partners at Moderna, we've now demonstrated that we can not only efficiently deliver full-length CFTR mRNA to human bronchial epithelial cells in vitro, but also to bronchial epithelial cells in nonhuman primates, solving a long-standing delivery challenge and marking a significant step forward in bringing a treatment for the last 10% of CF patients. Based on these results, IND-enabling studies for our CFTR mRNA program are now underway. We plan to file the IND this year with clinical trials beginning thereafter.  Beyond CF, we have a pipeline that is broad and deep and delivering and considerably more advanced compared to a year ago. I'll review a few of our clinical stage programs, each of which is a first-in-class or best-in-class program has the potential to serve a large number of patients and represents a multibillion dollar opportunity.  Beginning with CTX001, our onetime gene editing treatment with the potential to provide a functional cure for sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. This is our most advanced program outside of CF, and we expect this will be our next commercial launch.  We're wrapping up discussions with regulators to finalize our submission data package for CTX001, including the number of patients and duration of follow-up. This program accelerated significantly last year based on strong physician and patient interest. We completed enrollment in both Phase III studies, both were oversubscribed. And to date, we've dosed more than 70 patients. We look forward to sharing more clinical data with CTX001, longer-term follow-up and many more patients at a medical forum later this year, on the way to our planned global regulatory filings by year-end 2022.  Moving on to VX-147 and the APOL1-mediated kidney disease program. In renal medicine, one of the most important genetic discoveries of the last decade was the realization that mutations in the APOL1 gene are a key driver of significant kidney disease. VX-147, our small molecule inhibitor, specifically targets this APOL1 protein and in so doing, targets the underlying cause of APOL1-mediated kidney disease.  In the Phase II single-arm study of 16 patients with APOL1-mediated FSGS, VX-147 demonstrated unprecedented reductions in proteinuria, a marker of kidney damage, and was generally well tolerated. Importantly, the 47.6% mean reduction in proteinuria was on top of standard of care. These Phase II results propel the advancement of VX-147 into pivotal development. Our next step is an end of Phase II meeting with the FDA, and our goal is to initiate pivotal development, targeting the broad AMKD population of approximately 100,000 patients including, but not limited to those with APOL1-mediated FSGS later this quarter.  Turning to type 1 diabetes and VX-880. Type 1 diabetes results from autoimmune destruction of pancreatic islet cell, and we have known for some time that whole pancreas or cadaveric islet cell transplantation can be curative. The challenge has been quality and quantity of donor tissue. We believe we've overcome this challenge. We are the only company that has shown we can make allogeneic, stem cell-derived, fully differentiated, insulin-producing islet cells and make them at industrial scale.  Our goal with our type 1 diabetes program is to develop a functional cure for this disease, including for the more than 2.5 million people living with type 1 diabetes in the U.S. and Europe. We shared day 150 results approximately 2 weeks ago from the first patient treated with VX-880. This patient had severe, long-standing type 1 diabetes and prior treatment with VX-880, had difficult to control sugar levels and multiple severe hypoglycemic events with no detectable endogenous insulin as measured by C-peptide. He had a hemoglobin A1C of 8.6% and was taking 34 units of exogenous insulin daily.  The results from this first patient treated with half the targeted dose of VX-880 are remarkable. Fasting C-peptide, a measure of endogenous insulin production, is now over 400 picomole. Hemoglobin A1C is down to 6.7%. And the patient is on minimal exogenous insulin. VX-880 was generally well tolerated and the patient remains free of symptomatic hypoglycemic events since the periodic operative period.  I mentioned at the JPMorgan Conference earlier this month and it bears repeating why these results are so foundational. Achieving durable results in type 1 diabetes requires 2 things: high-quality insulin-producing islet cells, we have that; and a method to protect these cells from the immune system. We can address the immune response in several different ways. Today, with VX-880, we're combining the stem cell islets with standard immunosuppression in the Phase I/II study. We can shield the same stem cell islets with an immunoprotective device. In this approach, immunosuppressives would not be needed.  This approach is in IND-enabling studies, and we expect to file the IND later this year with clinical trials beginning thereafter. And in earlier stages, we're using gene editing technology to make so-called hypoimmune pancreatic islets, yet another approach that eliminates the need for immunosuppressive.  The VX-880 Phase I/II clinical trial is up and running at multiple sites. The trial continues to enroll in dose patients. We anticipate sharing data from more patients and longer duration of follow-up this year.  I'll conclude the pipeline overview with VX-548, a novel selective inhibitor of NaV1.8, which is in clinical proof-of-concept studies for acute pain. Two proof-of-concept studies in acute pain were initiated in the second half of 2021, one in patients following abdominoplasty surgery, and one in patients following bunionectomy. These studies are dose-ranging, placebo-controlled studies and both include an opioid reference arm. The abdominoplasty study has now completed enrollment and dosing, and the bunionectomy study will complete in the coming weeks. We anticipate having results from both studies this quarter and announcing both results together.  With that, I'll turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I'm pleased to review tonight our continued strong commercial performance. Our CF business performed exceptionally well in the fourth quarter and for the full year in 2021. Our Q4 global revenues were $2.07 billion. Full year revenues were $7.6 billion, an increase of 22% over 2020.  U.S. CF product revenues grew 10% to $5.3 billion in 2021, driven mainly by the launch of TRIKAFTA in the 6- to 11-year-old patient population following its approval last June. Our product revenues outside the U.S. increased 66% over 2020 to $2.3 billion. We signed more than 15 new reimbursement agreements in 2021. And following these agreements, we have seen strong uptake of KAFTRIO and TRIKAFTA matching the launch dynamics in the U.S.  Looking to the future in 2022 and for the next several years, we expect significant continued revenue growth as there are more than 25,000 patients remaining who are addressable with our CFTR modulators, but who are not yet treated. These patients fall into 3 categories. Patients who have not yet initiated treatment, largely in countries where we are recently reimbursed and therefore, are early in the launch curve. This includes countries such as Canada, Spain and the Netherlands. Patients in geographies where we are not yet reimbursed such as Australia. And finally, younger patients who will be addressed through ongoing label expansions.  We continue to make progress in addressing younger and younger patients. As examples, we secured approval for KAFTRIO in 6- to 11-year-old patients in Europe and the U.K. just a few weeks ago. And our submission for approval of TRIKAFTA in these younger patients is also currently under review in Canada. And in 2022, we plan to file for approval for ORKAMBI in patients 12 to 24 months of age in the U.S. and Europe based on the recently completed Phase III study.  In addition, with our mRNA program in IND-enabling studies, we are making real progress in developing a medicine for the additional 5,000-plus patients that we cannot address with our current CFTR medicines, but who are potentially addressable with the successful development of an mRNA therapy.  The recent long-term and real-world data, as discussed by Reshma in her prepared remarks, have significantly strengthened our competitive position and highlight the benefits of our medicines for CF patients. For a genetic disease like CF, where patients start medicines at an early age and take them chronically over their lifetime, long term and real-world data like these are incredibly important to patients and physicians. They take many years and thousands of patients to generate and set a very high bar for any future therapy to meet.  I would now like to provide a commercial perspective on 2 programs that are in or entering pivotal development that highlight our future diversification beyond cystic fibrosis. I'll start with CTX001, our CRISPR-Cas9-based gene editing therapy for hemoglobinopathies, which we plan to file for regulatory approval before the end of this year. In terms of market opportunity, we see tremendous potential for CTX001. We estimate that there are more than 150,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe who have beta thalassemia or sickle cell disease, approximately 32,000 of whom have severe disease. 25,000 of these are patients with severe sickle cell disease, and the vast majority of these are in the U.S.  Published physician surveys in the U.S. consistently indicate that they expect 1/4 to 1/3 of their sickle cell disease patients would be good candidates for a onetime, curative approach using the current busulfan-based conditioning regimen, which is in line with our own estimates of the numbers of severe patients. With global regulatory submissions planned for CTX001 toward the end of this year, our launch preparation activities are well underway, including building our market access, patient support and health care professional-facing teams as well as finalizing our manufacturing and supply chain network.  Finally, as Reshma noted, we plan to advance VX-147 to pivotal development this quarter. So I would like to comment on the opportunity we see in APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD. In the Phase II study, we enrolled patients with 2 APOL1 mutations who had focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, FSGS, as demonstrated by biopsy. This was an ideal population to test the clinical hypothesis of APOL1 inhibition. There are approximately 10,000 patients with APOL1-mediated FSGS. However, we estimate that the population of people with 2 APOL1 mutations and kidney disease primarily driven by APOL1 is much larger, approximately 100,000 patients. This is the initial target population that we will seek to address with VX-147, and so this represents a multibillion-dollar opportunity.  Awareness of diagnosis and genotyping of patients with AMKD are all low. So in parallel with the planned progression of VX-147 to pivotal development in 2022, we expect to begin increasing awareness of APOL1-mediated kidney disease with treating physicians with a focus on the importance of genotyping.  I'll close by noting that we are about to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the approval of our first CF medicine, KALYDECO. It has been an extraordinary 10 years as we have developed and launched not only KALYDECO, but 3 additional transformative medicines to address the underlying cause of disease for CF patients. I'm excited for the opportunity in 2022 to bring TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO to even more patients around the globe and the potential to commercialize multiple potentially transformative therapies outside of CF in the near future, starting with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia.  I will now turn it over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. In the fourth quarter of 2021, Vertex continued to demonstrate very strong financial performance. Fourth quarter total product revenues were $2.07 billion, a 27% increase compared to Q4 of 2020. I would note that it is typical for channel inventory to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. And in Q4 2021, revenues benefited from moderately higher channel inventory. We expect these inventory levels to normalize in Q1 of 2022. Our full year revenues of $7.6 billion, represents an increase of 22% compared to 2020 revenues of $6.2 billion. 2021 revenue growth was driven by strong international uptake of KAFTRIO and 6 to 11 uptake of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. And with full year sales of $5.7 billion, TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO now represents 75% of total company revenues.  Other notable milestones are that the U.S. CF product sales exceeded $5 billion for the first time and ex-U.S. CF product sales exceeded $2 billion for the first time. Our fourth quarter 2021 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $703 million compared to $539 million for 2020, and our full year expenses were $2.33 billion compared to $1.98 billion in 2020.  Increased expenses were driven by investment in our research pipeline, advancement of multiple mid- and late-stage clinical programs, incremental costs for our growing CF business and investments in precommercial activities for CTX001. Our continued revenue growth, combined with disciplined spending, resulted in a 2021 operating margin of 57% and non-GAAP operating income of $4.34 billion, an increase of 24% compared to 2020. Our non-GAAP tax rate for 2021 came in at 21%.  With continued revenue growth and profitability, we finished 2021 with $7.5 billion in cash. And consistent with our corporate strategy, our top priority for capital deployment is reinvestment in innovation both internally in our R&D programs and externally with business development aligned to our R&D strategy. We have invested approximately $3 billion in collaborations and acquisitions since 2019. Additionally, we have made more than $2 billion in share repurchases to offset dilution over that same time frame.  Now to guidance. Our 2021 performance reflected strong uptake for TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and for KAFTRIO in multiple countries around the world. For 2022, we project that we will achieve total product revenues of $8.4 million to $8.6 billion. At the midpoint, that's an increase of nearly $1 billion or 12% growth over 2021. I'd like to remind you, as is our practice, this guidance reflects our expectations for approved products in countries where we have already secured reimbursement.  For non-GAAP OpEx, we are guiding to a range of $2.7 billion to $2.75 billion. Consistent with our innovation strategy, we expect to continue to allocate greater than 70% of our OpEx to R&D with year-over-year growth largely driven by investment in our pipeline in order to advance key programs through mid- and late-stage development. Finally, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate for 2022 to be in the range of 21% to 22%.  In closing, 2021 was a very important and successful year for the company. We significantly expanded our leadership position in CF by treating more patients, generating key long-term and real-world data, advancing the next-in-class CFTR modulator program into Phase III and continuing to innovate for all CF patients. We also accelerated our R&D pipeline in 2021 and obtained key data readouts across multiple programs and multiple modalities. We further strengthened our financial position, enabling continued investment in internal and external innovation while delivering industry-leading operating margins. Most importantly, these advances set the foundation which positions us for multiple milestones and significant value creation in 2022 and beyond.  We look forward to updating you as we progress through the year. Let's now open the call to questions.
Operator: . Certainly. And first, I'd like to hand the program over to Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, operator. I would just want to note to everybody before we start the Q&A that our conference from audio has cut out. We're all on our cell phones and we'd like to proceed with Q&A, so please bear with us. Thank you.
Operator: . Our first question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Congrats on a great year-end. We had a question on APOL1. I know that you are certainly meeting with FDA soon and trying to start a pivotal study. So you must have some thoughts around both the design, the endpoints and what you expect out of the FDA and what you plan to do. Maybe you could give some color on that, both on primary and key secondary endpoints you'd expect to be an agreement with FDA.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Michael, thanks very much for the question and for the kind words for the year. With regard to the VX-147 program, the important point here to discuss is that in Phase II, what we did was study APOL1-mediated FSGS, which is one kind of APOL1-mediated kidney disease. APOL1-mediated kidney disease as a whole, that's to say where patients have 2 APOL1 alleles and kidney disease driven by those 2 alleles, that overall population is 100,000 patients in Europe and the U.S. The FSGS population that we study is about 10,000 patients. So why did we do that? This was a very deliberate decision because the FSGS group are a very severe group of patients with heavy proteinuria, rapid progression to end-stage renal disease and no available therapy. Reasoning that if we could have impact in those patients, then we could go forward into Phase III with confidence that we would be able to impact the broad AMKD population. The results from our Phase II study are, and I don't use this word loosely, they are unprecedented, 47.6% reduction in proteinuria on top of standard of care in an APOL1-driven FSGS population is an impressive result.  With regard to the study design for the next stage, we are -- as you rightfully point out, Michael, we are going to have our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA in the near term. That is just something we haven't done yet, although we have had the benefit of conversations with the agency.  The important parameters I'll put on the table are the following: proteinuria, which is what we measured in Phase II, that is a measure of kidney damage. It's an important endpoint in and of itself. The community and the agency have had discussions over the last many years about that endpoint being a potential regulatory enabling endpoint for accelerated approval in homogenous proteinuric kidney diseases. So that's just one point to mention. The second point is what would the endpoints be? We're talking about proteinuria. And certainly, the hard endpoint would be time to ESRD, a decrease in the GFR slope and death. It's usually a composite endpoint for the hard endpoint.  So that's really what we're looking at. We are very excited about the program. We are looking to have our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA in the near term, and we're looking to start our pivotal development towards the end of this quarter. I hope that's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company.
Philip Nadeau: Maybe just a follow-up to Michael's. In terms of the specific endpoint, you just mentioned proteinuria and then the composite endpoint of more clinical results. In the recent past, it seems like the renal division of the FDA has been shying away from surrogate markers and focusing companies on the more clinical endpoints. So can you talk a bit more about your optimism for -- maybe in proteinuria as a primary endpoint? Would you actually seek an SPA if you get an agreement on that endpoint to try to lock the FDA in? And maybe how likely is it that you actually have to do a clinical endpoint-based trial? If so, how long of a study would that end up being?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Phil, thanks for the follow-up question there. Okay. So with regard to what is the likelihood of proteinuria being the endpoint and such, we have to simply have our end of Phase II meeting, and we're going to know that soon enough. So no need to speculate. The end of Phase II meeting is going to happen in the near term, and we will know. What I can tell you is that the agency has been open for many years now for proteinuria to be an acceptable surrogate for accelerated approval in homogeneous kidney diseases. And when I say that, inherent in that statement is -- and then, of course, you'd have to do the continuation of the trial to get to the hard outcome. So those are the conversations we're going to enter into. Obviously, and I think you know this, but I'll mention it just in case. The degree of proteinuria is really important because, one, not only could proteinuria be a potential accelerated endpoint, but two, the degree of proteinuria is directly related to the hard outcome. So when you see an improvement in proteinuria of almost 50%, it bodes well for many reasons.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young from Cantor.
Alethia Young: Just wanted to shift a little bit to sickle cell. And I know, obviously, you guys are heading towards kind of a submission hopefully. But can you talk a little bit about where you stand on conditioning regimens and some of the work that you may be doing going forward to kind of maybe make them kind of less onerous for patients with sickle cell?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, yes, great question. Alethia, let me just step one step back and make sure everyone is tracking with you on where we are with the CTX001 program today and then where we're going with conditioning regimens that we're looking to improve. Okay. So where are we today? Across the sickle cell and beta thalassemia programs, we have completed enrollment. The initial target was 45 patients in each program. Each of the studies was oversubscribed, and we have more patients than that and we have completed enrollment. We have dosed more than 70 patients. And we are looking, as I said in my prepared remarks, towards a filing towards the end of this year. This program is with busulfan-based, single-agent myeloablative therapy. And we think that, that regimen with the benefit risk that it provides would be applicable to about 32,000 people in the U.S. and Europe with sickle cell and beta thal. 25,000 of those would be sickle cell patients and the majority of those in the U.S. But to unlock the full potential, which is, I would say, about 150,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe, we do see gentler conditioning regimens being key to that. We have programs internally at Vertex. We have recruited a world-renowned team in our, what we call, VCGT, Vertex Cell and Genetic Therapies division. We -- our partners at CRISPR also have programs in improved conditioning as do a number of other academic and biotechnology -- other biotech companies. I will say, Alethia, that I think that this is a problem that will be solved. And I say that for 2 reasons. One, we have line of sight on to the biology. We understand the cell surface markers and the ligands that we could use to pursue the cell types that we are trying to deplete selectively. And two, because this kind of approach, this gentler conditioning regimen would have applicability beyond sickle cell and beta thal in oncology. And so I do think that this is a problem that is going to be solved.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Bank of America.
Geoffrey Meacham: I have a couple also on CTX001. The first one is from a regulatory perspective, what would you highlight, Reshma, that regulators may need to see? Is it stuff like number of patients, median follow-up? Or is it better clarity on things like manufacturing scale up? And then on the commercial front, I'm just trying to think of the arguments you can make with the curative approach and the cost savings you can make. So is there an evaluation ongoing on treatment costs that you're doing maybe in parallel to support reimbursement? Things along those lines.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing, Geoff. Geoff, I'm going to start, and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to tell you a little bit about how we see the burden of this disease with regard to the regulatory next steps. The most important thing to share with you is that we are the beneficiaries of almost every regulatory designation you could imagine on both sides of the pond. PRIME, Orphan, RMAT, which is the cell and genes for breakthrough designation, so we've had the benefit of having discussions with the regulators over time. You are right about the 2 outstanding items. It's about the number of patients and the duration of follow-up. With regard to your question on manufacturing, in the grand scheme of things, Geoff, this is an easier manufacturing approach. I don't mean to suggest it's easy, but it is easier because it's an ex-vivo approach and it requires just the Cas9 enzyme and the guide RNA. Our partners at CRISPR were very thoughtful. And from the start, we planned for the manufacturing that we are using in clinical trials to be the same process that we use in our commercial program. And not only that, it's also the same site, the same exact sites that we are using to manufacture in our clinical trials program are the same sites that we expect to use when we commercialize. So that all is proceeding to plan.  I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on the burden of disease and how we see that. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Geoff, so you asked a great question, these are obviously lifetime conditions and have a significant clinical but also economic burden on patients and on the health care system. There are some published data on this topic. They're not terribly up to date, many of them. So as you might expect, we are working to develop updated estimates of the economic impact of sickle cell and beta thalassemia. It is very, very significant.  It's obviously impacted by things like in sickle cell disease, the cost of the vaso-occlusive crisis, particularly if they lead to hospitalizations and the other medications that patients take. In thalassemia, it's obviously the burden of transfusions and then also some of the additional care that patients can require because of the transfusion such as iron chelation and other supportive care. So we are working to generate updated estimates of the economic and indeed, social burden of sickle cell disease and thalassemia, and that will be an important part of the context to demonstrating the cost effectiveness of a onetime curative therapy like CTX001.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Congratulations on the quarter and the year. You've obviously shown very promising data from the first patients with the VX-880 for diabetes. And I guess I'm curious, how consistent should we expect the effects to be patient to patient with this type of approach? How are you feeling overall about the safety profile as you've continued to enroll patients? And what will be your aim as you move from half to full doses? Would it be generating a more rapid response -- an even more rapid response than you've seen or potentially moving towards complete normalization of some of the key parameters?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, great question. There's a number of questions in there. And I think if I try to wrap up what you are foundationally asking is how do we see this program progressing and what should you expect when we get to full dose because the one patient's data that we shared at half dose are really pretty impressive. Okay. So as you know, Brian, the really important part of these data and the reason we shared the data from the first patient are threefold: One, it was at half dose, yet the results, whether you look at the endogenous C-peptide levels -- and remember, this patient has 30 years of diabetes and made no endogenous insulin. That result was pretty impressive. The second is hemoglobin A1C, and the really significant decline in insulin was what made us share those results. It has not been -- results like that have simply not been seen in this field.  With regard to consistency, what we are aiming for here is a functional cure for this disease. So we are expecting patients to consistently have elevations in C-peptide, decreases in hemoglobin A1C and improvements, if not elimination of exogenous insulin. With regard to the safety profile, I'm only going to comment on the data that we've already shared. And as I said, the therapy was well-tolerated in my prepared remarks. And importantly, because as you think about hemoglobin A1C decreasing, you have to think about the patient not suffering from low glucose levels, and that didn't happen. This patient has been free of severe hypoglycemic episodes since the periodic operative period.  So as we look forward, what are we looking to? The study is up and running in multiple sites. We are looking to enroll more patients, dose more patients. And the reason we are looking to go to full dose is because the -- we are going for a curative approach. And when you look at the history and the experience of cadaveric islet transplants, the quality and quantity of cells are very related to the durability of the response.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: What is the bar here for the 2 Phase II acute pain programs that are reading out this quarter in terms of moving forward? And then separately, could you speak to your capital allocation plans?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing, Salveen. Let's take the pain studies first. We are in 2 acute pain studies, 1 in abdominoplasty, a model of soft tissue pain and 1 in bunionectomy, which is seen as a model for pain in a "hard tissue." Both studies are very similarly designed. They are dose-ranging studies with a placebo control arm and an opioid reference group. What we're really looking for here is therapeutic pain relief without the side effects of opioids. And obviously, the most important one of that is the addictive potential. I don't have to tell you about the opioid epidemic raging in the U.S. and we have very high confidence in VX-548 on the safety side and the lack of addictive potential because there is simply no receptors for NaV1.8 in the central nervous system. On the efficacy side, we go into this with confidence for 3 reasons; one, this is a genetically validated target; two, this is also a pharmacologically validated target with our own VX-150 data that you'll remember had positive proof-of-concept across acute, neuropathic and, let's call it, musculoskeletal pain; and three, this particular molecule, VX-548, amongst its other properties is also multifold, more potent. So that's really what we're expecting, and that's how we are looking at the 548 program. With regard to capital allocation, Salveen, we've been very consistent as we've talked about our capital allocation strategy that we believe that the greatest value we can create is by investing our capital in innovation, both internal and external. We've never invested more than we are today in internal innovation. And you see the results of that with VX-147 with the Phase II results and its progress into pivotal development. With the 2 Phase II studies we just spoke about in the pain program, not to mention the VX-121/561/tezacaftor program in CF in Phase III. And you also see it with our investments that we've made in business development with the Semma acquisition and the really terrific results, albeit early from the VX-880 program. And going forward, what you can expect is the same. Our strategy is working, and we expect that we will continue to invest in both internal and external innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Colin Bristow from UBS.
Colin Bristow: Congrats on the quarter and the strong '22 guide. Not to sort of flog a dead horse, but we're obviously getting closer to a competitor CF trip at readout. And I'd love you to remind us specifically, what is it that gives you comfort around the level of competitive threat or the lack of? And then just a quick one on your type 1 diabetes one, the 880, on the encapsulation device, you said you've overcome fibrosis and vascularization issues. Is there a drug-eluting component to this device?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, Colin, thanks so much for the kind words and for the question. Let's do type 1 diabetes first, and then we'll go back and do CF landscape.  All right. The -- we talked a little bit about the results on patient Number 1 and the progress to full dose and why we're doing that and what our real goal is and to restate that, we're looking to bring a functional cure forward for this disease. The other reason those results in that first patient are so important is because those same cells, exactly those same cells, are the cells that are in the cell plus device program. And that cells plus device program is now in its IND-enabling study space, and we do expect to file that IND this year. I will keep my comments about the encapsulation at a high level. But what I can tell you is that the device has been specifically configured to allow vascularization and exchange of oxygen and nutrients, to allow insulin to go back and forth and for it to sense glucose but to keep the immune system out. I'll also tell you that it's not just the materials, but it's the geometry. And our studies to date, including in large animal models, tell us that we've overcome the historic complications with foreign body response and the lack of the ability to properly oxygenate and provide nutrients to the cells. With regard to the CF landscape and we've talked about it before, but I'll remind that as you look at the CF landscape today, the bottom line is that TRIKAFTA has simply set a very high bar. More patients around the globe are treated with a VERTEX CFTR modulator today than ever before. And the vast majority of that is with TRIKAFTA. TRIKAFTA's clinical trial data are remarkable. You remember the ppFEV1 at 14% from the clinical trial results. But it's not just the acute changes in lung function. As I shared in my prepared remarks, TRIKAFTA now has long-term data from the 96-week follow-up study from the pivotal trials. And what it shows is no decline in mean lung function over time, the first for any CFTR modulator. And now we also have data, real-world data from the CF registry. And that shows improvements in really important measures like transplantation, pulmonary exacerbation and death. And so you put this all together and what you really have is if there's any medicine that will compete with TRIKAFTA, it has to go head-to-head against TRIKAFTA in clinical trials. That's exactly what we're doing with 121/561/tezacaftor. It has to have improved benefit. And you have to have the long-term data. The only company that has that is Vertex. And the most advanced competitor to TRIKAFTA is our own 121/561/tezacaftor, which is already in Phase III studies.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas, Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: So a real quick one. So just for 548, can -- does that new molecule has the ability to work in neuropathic pain? I notice that you didn't do a trial this time with that molecule. And then on type 1 diabetes program, there is going to be some patient data coming out of Viacyte and CRISPR with an edited embryonic stem cell program that they have. And I was just curious like when we see that data, like how do you see that as a read to whether or not your edited program will work without immune suppressants? I know it's a less differentiated program potentially than your cell line versus your iPSC cell line -- or your cell line. And so just trying to understand the read that we should expect or how you're looking at that data when it comes out to the potential for using an edited version without immune suppression for your program?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, yes, really great questions, Robyn. Let me take the neuropathic pain question first with 548 and then let's do type 1 diabetes.  Okay. the NaV1.8 axis, as I described earlier, is an exciting one. It's an exciting target for us because of the genetic validation but also because of the pharmacologic validation with VX-150, which had positive results not only in acute, but also neuropathic pain. So yes, I do expect VX-548 has potential in neuropathic pain. Unlike acute pain, which as the name implies, is a short-lived pain syndrome, neuropathic pain is a chronic disease state. So the kind of preclinical data and the work that we need to do and the package we need to put together is different, and that's what we're doing right now. But I do expect that the NaV1.8 axis and that target will be important in neuropathic pain. And I point you to the NaV, 150 results as the clearest reason to believe. With regard to the question around potentially getting to a point of having fully differentiated, allogeneic, insulin-producing pancreatic islet cells that could be edited to evade the immune system, here's the most important thing, you have to have the cells. It's not actually about the editing. It's not actually about the device. It's not actually about the off-the-shelf immunosuppressives. Those are 3 different ways to protect the cells from the immune system, but it's actually about the cells. And the only company that has these allogeneic, fully differentiated, pancreatic islet cells that make insulin and can make these cells in industrial quantities is Vertex. And we are working on multiple approaches to protect these cells from the immune system. VX-180 -- 880 uses the off-the-shelf immunosuppressives. The -- we call it VX-264. That's the cells plus device program that uses a device to protect the cells from the immune system. And then, of course, we have our program to edit the cells. But the key is it's the cells.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mohit Bansal from Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: My congratulations as well. Maybe another one on VX-147. How well understood is the homogeneous nature of APOL1-mediated kidney diseases with proteinuria being the key marker here? I'm asking it because genetic testing is not routinely performed in these patients. So trying to understand if there is a lack of data that could be a gating factor for the FDA from making the leap from FSGS to broader APOL1-mediated kidney diseases.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Mohit, thanks so much. So let me tell you a little bit about the background of APOL1-mediated kidney disease, and I think it will help you understand where we are and what it means for the future. And you're right about the fact that testing is low and that we need to do more in order to get patients tested. But as you also know, when we have a disease for which we have no therapy to offer patients, which is the case today with APOL1-mediated kidney disease, the motivation for patients and physicians understandably is not high to get a genetic diagnosis for something we can do nothing to be helpful. Okay. So the one APOL1 story is a very recent story. It's only about a decade, 12 years old that we have actually come to understand that the large amount of kidney disease, proteinuric kidney disease that we previously didn't understand in patients of African origin is APOL1-mediated kidney disease. This is only something we've figured out in the last 10 to 12 years.  The homogeneity of the disease is clear, and I would even say obvious. And I say that because it's found in people who have kidney disease with proteinuria and 2 APOL1 alleles. That's how you define this group. And the underlying thread, therefore, is having 2 APOL1 alleles. There have been studies done in patients who have proteinuria and have 2 APOL1 alleles versus not. And when you have 2 APOL1 alleles, your outcomes are uniformly worse, you progress the kidney disease faster. That's the homogeneity. Now the question you also ask is, is this well-known? Is this well understood? Because the -- our understanding of the genetics itself is fairly recent, there is an education effort, and that is part of what we're doing. We, ourselves, are working on 503c diagnostic to accompany VX-147, and we're working with patients and physicians to ensure that diagnosis is supported.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: One for you, Reshma. So from your view as a nephrologist, how important is EGFR as the measure of kidney disease progression? Is this change in proteinuria confirm the same measurement in your view?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, it's a really great question, Evan. The thing I would share with you that's topmost on my mind is a -- if I wear my nephrology hat is that the hope that VX-147 offers is something that is truly novel and a big deal, a big deal in the renal community. The reason I say that is that this is one of the few genetically defined kidney diseases that we understand. And it is one of the first, if not the first precision medicine approach to a genetically driven kidney disease where we're targeting the underlying cause of the kidney disease. There is a relationship between proteinuria and GFR. So GFR is simply a measure of kidney function, right? Just like ppFEV1, which we're all very familiar with is a measure of lung function. And the relationship is this. Proteinuria measures kidney damage. It tells you that protein, which is supposed to stay on one side of the membrane is leaking out into the urine. When you have that and it progresses, the next step is decreases in GFR, a measure a function of the kidney. And unfortunately, the next steps after that are continued decline leading to either transplantation, dialysis or death. So these are very related measures. I think they are individually important and collectively very telling about the course of a patient. But maybe clinically speaking, what I would say is when you see a patient who has a proteinuric kidney disease, what are we trying to do in the clinic? We are trying to reduce proteinuria because there is a clear correlation between proteinuria and the hard outcomes of transplantation, dialysis and death.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we'll take two more questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Hartaj Singh from Oppenheimer.
Hartaj Singh: I'll ask Stuart a question here, Reshma, to give you just a quick break. Stuart, on cystic fibrosis, you're doing -- you'll do close to $9 billion by the end of this year in cystic fibrosis. You've penetrated about 2/3, 75% of the population by then. How to think about where you can get to -- can you get to 90%-plus penetration with our CFTRs aside from the approach of Moderna? And then just quickly, assuming you get approval for sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, how do you see an uptake? I mean would there be a warehousing in the beginning? Would there not be? Would the uptake be still on study? Just any color there.
Stuart Arbuckle: Great, Hartaj, thank you. So yes, our guidance for 2022 is $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion, as Charlie said in his prepared remarks, and that is a reflection of the momentum we have coming into 2022 from 2021, where we launched 6 to 11 TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and also secured numerous reimbursement agreements outside of the U.S. So our guidance incorporates that momentum and countries where we already have reimbursement agreements. As you said, though, we still have a lot of the CF population who could potentially benefit from a CFTR modulator, who are not yet being treated, somewhere north of 25,000. And we have a lot of confidence that we're going to get to the vast majority of those patients because they are in sort of 3 categories that we've demonstrated that we can address. The first one is patients who are in countries where we have reimbursement agreements but patients haven't been initiated. And that's largely because we're early in the launch curve, so think of countries like the Netherlands and Spain. The second category is countries where we have regulatory approval, but don't yet have reimbursement. So think countries like Australia. And the third category is younger patient groups where we've demonstrated with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, but we can develop our products down into younger and younger age ranges. And as I said, TRIKAFTA is now approved for 6 to 11 here in the U.S. Very recently, KAFTRIO was approved for 6- to 11-year-old patients in both the EU and the U.K., and we're continuing to look at developing it for even younger patient group. So we have a lot of confidence that we're going to be able to get to the vast majority of those 25,000 patients over the next few years, and that's going to drive significant revenue growth for several years to come. And then as you mentioned, in addition to that, there's an additional 5,000-plus patients who aren't going to be able to respond to CFTR modulators because they produce no protein. And those other patients, we're seeking to address with our mRNA therapy. And as Reshma said in her prepared remarks, we've made good progress with that. So we have a lot of confidence. There's a lot of growth left in our CF franchise over the next several years. In terms of the sickle cell and transfusion-developed thalassemia patient populations, again, we see a very significant opportunity there. As Reshma mentioned, approximately 32,000 patients who have severe disease between the U.S. and the EU. So we see a significant multibillion-dollar opportunity just treating those severe patients. Obviously, this is a different type of condition. This is a different therapy, and so I wouldn't be thinking of an uptake curve like we've seen in CF. It's not going to be anywhere as dramatic as that. But certainly, in that severe sickle cell and thalassemia populations, we see a multibillion-dollar opportunity ahead of us.
Operator: Then our final question for today comes from the line of Debjit Chattopadhyay from Guggenheim Securities.
Debjit Chattopadhyay: I want to go back to VX-147 with a three part question. Number 1, has the agency signaled a threshold for proteinuria reduction for accelerated approval? Number 2, if I understood your prior comments, the hard endpoints will be collected in the same study and will convert the subpart edge to a full approval? And Number 3, does the broader high-risk APOL1 proteinuric kidney disease population, is this also a double-hit disease? And do they progress to ESRD at the same speed at FSGS?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, Debjit, you asked three important and related questions to the 147 program in AMKD. So let me try to answer them in this way. When we talk about the 147 program and targeting our pivotal development so that we can address the 100,000 people with 2 APOL1 alleles and proteinuric kidney disease, these people already have kidney disease, these are not people at risk for kidney disease. So the double-hit hypothesis is a good point. That's for "at risk to develop" disease. These people we are talking about already have disease. The second question is a related question around proteinuria, its potential use as a surrogate endpoint for accelerated approval, and then how you do these studies in terms of the hard endpoint. As I said before, we simply haven't had our end of Phase II meeting. We'll have it soon enough, and then I can share details of the program with you. But generally speaking, the way that studies are done when proteinuria is the endpoint for accelerated approval is in the same study. The study continues and you go on to the composite endpoint of change in GFR, time to ESRD or death. And that's how you collect that hard endpoint.
Michael Partridge: Okay. Operator, thanks very much. We appreciate everybody joining us tonight, the Investor Relations team in the office tonight. And happy to talk to you if you have additional questions. And you may now disconnect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 23:14:09) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to the Vertex Third Quarter 2021 financial results Conference Call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President, Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer, and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Baoxian Asana, Executive Vice President and Chief of Cell and Genetic Therapies at Vertex will join us for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. This call is being recorded. A replay will be available on our website.  We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the securities initiative commission. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding for Vertex's markets CF medicines, our pipeline, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on Management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we review on the call this evening is non-GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Michael. I'm very pleased to be here with you tonight to discuss Vertex's progress through the first three quarters of 2021. During this year, we've meaningfully increased our leadership in cystic fibrosis, both with our approved CFTR modulators and with the CF programs advancing in our pipeline. We have expanded and accelerated our R&D pipeline beyond CF. And these programs are now delivering clinical results. We have continued to demonstrate exceptional financial performance with significant growth in revenue, high operating margins, and increase in cash flow.  Let me elaborate more on each of these 3 points. Starting with CF, from a commercial perspective, third quarter product revenues were $1.98 billion, representing almost 30% growth year-over-year. This growth was driven by the performance of TRIKAFTA in the U.S., including the launch in children ages 6 to 11 and strong uptake OUS, where KAFTRIO has been reimbursed, including most recently in France and Italy. Based on the strong performance we are again increasing our revenue guidance and now expect total product revenues for 2021 to be between $7.4 billion and $7.5 billion. As we look forward, we expect that our CF business will continue to show robust growth in the years ahead.  As there are approximately 30 thousand CF patients yet to be treated with our CFTR modulators. We've made important progress with our CF R&D pipeline programs this year as well. Based on strong pre -clinical and clinical results from our next in class, triple combination regimen of the VX-121 tezacaftor and VX-561 that demonstrate the potential for superior benefit to existing CFTR modulators. We've accelerated this program into pivotal studies. Both of the Phase 3 Studies are head-to-head trials versus TRIKAFTA. Both studies are up and running and enrolling patients. and we're not stopping there. We have identified even more promising regimens in our labs building on 20 years of success, translating our proprietary insights in CF biology into groundbreaking medicines.  We are confident that these regimens will allow us to reach our long-standing goal of bringing all CF patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. For the approximately 10% of people with CF who cannot benefit from a CFTR modulator, we're working on genetic therapies, including an mRNA approach. We and our partner Moderna have for some time now been able to synthesize mRNA constructs that restore CFTR protein function in vitro. The biggest challenge for us and for everyone in the field has been delivery of the mRNA to the target cells. I am very pleased to report that, we and Moderna had made a significant breakthrough in delivery this past year.  We've now demonstrated that, we can efficiently deliver full then CFTR mRNA to human bronchial epithelial cells in vitro, to provide high levels of CFTR function and in vivo, through the delivery of nebulized lipid nanoparticles to the bronchial epithelial cells in non-human primates. Based on these results, IND enabling studies for our CFTR mRNA therapy are already underway. And we plan to file an IND and start clinical development in 2022. To close out on CF, I will note that just a few months from now, we will mark the 10th anniversary of the first approval of KALYDECO, our first CFTR modulator. And last month marked 2 years since the U.S. approval for TRIKAFTA.  From the Phase 3 clinical trials, our CF medicines have always been appreciated for their outstanding short-term benefits, not just significant increase in ppFEV1, but decreases in pulmonary exacerbation, increases in weight and increases in quality of life. We're now in a position where we have tens of thousands of patient years of safety data and we could appreciate more fully the breadth of clinical benefit with analysis of longer-term, real-world data. What we find truly remarkable is that with KALYDECO, we now have database on an average of 6 years of follow-up in patients 6 years and older.  And that includes a 78% reduction in the mortality rate and an 89% reduction in the rate of lung transplantation compared to patients who were not eligible for treatment. With TRIKAFTA, we now have data showing no decline in lung function after 2 years of follow-up from the pivotal trials. And this is a first for any CF medicine. I'd like to emphasize that from our perspective, it is these kinds of long-term data that ultimately determine physician and patient choice of regiments, particularly in CF, where patients CFTR modulators chronically over a lifetime. Let me turn to our pipeline outside of CF.  First to our type 1 diabetes programs and the unprecedented clinical data we recently shared. The pathophysiology of type 1 diabetes is well known. It results from the autoimmune destruction of pancreatic islet cells. Daily injections of insulin have saved the lives of these patients, but patients still suffer from severe long-term vascular complications of the disease, resulting in premature mortality and unfortunately, the treatment itself can lead to Severe Hyperglycemic episodes that can be associated with unresponsive, seizures and even death. Therefore, the Holy Grail for type 1 diabetes for decades has been to replace the damage pancreatic islet cells and restore insulin production.  Early clinical studies using cadaveric islets have demonstrated the curative potential of this approach. The problem has been producing sufficient quality and quantity of islet cells to treat the millions of people with this disease. Vertex has developed a proprietary process to make industrial quantities of allogeneic stem cell-derived, fully differentiated islet cells that could serve the more than 2.5 million patients with type 1 diabetes. The clinical data from this first patient treated in our VX-880 program with these cells are truly remarkable with a single infusion at 1/2 the target dose combined with standard immunosuppression routinely used in transplantation, we observed substantial improvements across multiple measures of islet cell function that were rapid, robust, and durable through day 90.  Our stem cell derived islets produced basal levels of insulin and increased insulin secretion appropriately in response to glucose stimulation. And in the 90 days following infusion, there was a significant reduction in blood glucose as measured by hemoglobin A1c, despite a 91% reduction in exogenous in insulin requirements. On the safety side, VX-880 was generally well-tolerated. These cells are the product, the other common denominator across our type 1 diabetes programs.  And these results de -risk each of our 3 programs. In the solve alone program, where you Standard Pharmacologic Immunosuppressives. In the next program, we're using our proprietary device for immuno protection of these cells. The IND enabling studies for this program are already underway and we plan to file the IND in 2022. And these same cells are the starting product for our gene editing program designed to produce hyper-immune islet cells that can evade the immune system. In selling gene therapies, it is clear that the curative potential of these approaches is very high.  And therefore, these therapeutics have potentially rapid path to registration involving a reasonable number of patients and a reasonable amount of follow-up. It is with this in mind that we're working with urgency on the VX-880 program. Moving onto CTX001. CTX001 is our non-viral ex vivo gene editing therapy that is designed as a one-time curative approach for sickle-cell disease and beta thalassemia. It also stands out as a clear example of how we have accelerated our pipeline in 2021. CTX001 is our most advanced programs outside of CF and continues to have strong momentum. We've now fully enrolled the target number of patients in both the sickle-cell disease and beta thalassemia clinical studies.  Based on the clinical data we've presented to-date, physician and patient interest in these trials has been high. And we have additional patients beyond the target 45 in each trial who are now completing eligibility assessments and will be enrolled this month. We anticipate closing out our regulatory discussions in the near term and submitting regulatory filings for approval of CTX001 by year-end 2022, based on these clinical results. We have high confidence that CTX001 will be our next launched medicine. Stuart will comment on the progress of our commercial preparedness in his remarks. Onto VX-147, where we will have results from the Phase 2 proof-of-concept study, this quarter.  This Phase 2 Study VX-147 is fully enrolled and focuses on patients with a form of FSGS that is mediated by APOL1. Our goal is to establish APOL1 inhibition as a new mechanism that can be used more broadly beyond FSGS. In APOL1-mediated non-diabetic Prevnar kidney disease. Based on the human genetics the strongly validated target, and the performance of VX-147 across a number of in vitro and in vivo assays, we see our APOL1-mediated kidney disease or AMKD program as having a high profitability of success. Some of the pre -clinical data from this program are the subject of a presentation at the American Society of Nephrology meeting taking place later this week. In this Phase 2 study, we're assessing the safety of VX-147 and the key efficacy marker is reduction of Proteinuria.  Proteinuria is the clinically relevant endpoint and one that regulators have expressed openness to accepting, in a homogenious Proteinuria kidney disease population. If our Phase 2 study in APOL1-mediated FSGS is successful, it would represent a first-in-class demonstration of proof-of-concept for an APOL1-mediated kidney disease. And would propel us into pivotal development in the AMKD population, which includes, but is not limited to FSGS. In total, this represents approximately 100,000 people with AMKD. I'll conclude the pipeline discussion with a few words on our pain program. We have high confidence in the NaV1.8 target for three main reasons: 1. NaV1.8 is genetically validated. 2. NaV1.8 is also pharmacologically validated with our very own 3 positive Phase -2 proof-of-concept studies in acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain.  And third, our lead molecule in the program, VX-548 has the key drug - like properties that we're looking for including high selectivity and potency. The 2 Phase-2 dose ranging studies in acute pain, bunionectomy and abdominoplasty, with VX-548 are well underway. Based on enrollment progress, we currently expect data from these studies in Q1 of 2022. With that, I'll now turn it over to Stuart to review the commercial progress.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I'll begin by reviewing the Q3 revenue performance of our CF medicines, which reached nearly $2 billion in Q3. U.S. revenues were $1.38 billion, an increase of 13% compared to the prior year, driven by the performance TRIKAFTA, including the launch in the 6- to 11-year-old population. The launch in the 6- to 11-year-old is progressing rapidly, which is not surprising given the profile of the medicine and the recognition of the importance of early treatment of this relentlessly progressive disease. Outside the U.S. revenues were $601 million, an increase of more than 90% over the third quarter last year, driven by the ongoing launch of KAFTRIO in the 12+ population.  In particular, KAFTRIO is off to a strong start in France and Italy. 2 major markets where we achieved reimbursement in June of this year. We also signed a letter of intent for public reimbursement of TRIKAFTA in patients 12 and over in Canada. And since then, we've achieved multiple provincial reimbursement agreements and some 90% of patients covered by government insurance now have reimbursed access to TRIKAFTA. We have achieved reimbursement agreements KAFTRIO TRIKAFTA, in more than 20 countries outside the U.S. just over 1 year since approval.  And importantly, we've continued to achieve reimbursement at levels that reflects the high value of the triple combination regimen. As Reshma mentioned in her remarks, the profile of our CF medicines continues to be enhanced by long-term data. The sort of the North American CF Conference is tonight. And amongst several important abstracts, are data from the ongoing, 192 week open-label extension study of TRIKAFTA, which shows there has been no loss of lung function during long-term follow-up. This is a first for any CFTR modulator to-date, an important milestone for the field. All previous long-term data for our other medicines showed a slowing of lung function declined.  In contrast, these data show no loss of lung function for patients on TRIKAFTA after 96 weeks of follow-up. Real-world data also being presented at the conference on KALYDECO show at an average of 6 years of follow-up, a 78% reduction in the mortality rate, and an 89% reduction in the rate of lung transplantation compared to patients who were not eligible for the treatment. These data are very important for patients and the medical community. Because they more fully illustrate, how our medicines address the long-term progression and complications of the disease. These data also have important implications for the future competitive landscape. As they raise the bar, in terms of what will be required to compete effectively. Now, turning to some of the other opportunities in our pipeline beyond CF.  Our commercial experience in CF provides foundational capabilities, which we will be able to leverage to commercialize our next wave of transformative medicines. As Reshma mentioned, regulatory submissions for CTX001, are planned for the end of 2022. And so, our launch preparation activities are well underway to ensure we are able to bring this potential medicine to patients globally immediately upon approval. We see CTX001 as a potential one-time curative approach for the approximately 32,000 patients with severe sickle-cell disease or transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia in the U.S. and Europe.  We've developed a deep understanding of the sickle-cell and beta thalassemia markets, including where patients with these diseases are, and the role that key referral and treatment centers will play to facilitate the treatment journey for patients. Consistent with our own internal market research, published physician surveys in the U.S. consistently indicate that, they would expect a quarter to a third of their patients with sickle-cell disease to be good candidates for a one-time curative approach using the current conditioning regimen. Which is in line with the estimates of the numbers of patients with severe disease, approximately 25 thousand sickle-cell disease patients. We are focused on three key areas of launched preparation for CTX001. First, people.  We've hired many of the key people who will support the launch. Second, manufacturing. This is an area we have focused on from the earliest days of our work on CTX001. To ensure we can supply our consistent and high-quality product to the large number of patients we believe will benefit from the medicine on day 1 of the launch. Importantly, we are using the same manufacturing sites and processes for commercialization that we are using for our clinical trials. And third, patients, making sure we really listen, understand them and their experience. So, we can provide them at launch with the information, resources and support they need as they consider treatment with CTX001.  Now turning to pain. With our acute pain studies well underway, I thought I would remind you of the large market opportunity there. Acute pain accounts for 1.8 billion treatment days a year in the U.S. alone. And despite more than 90% of prescriptions being generic, this is still today, a $4 billion market. That's typical branded pain medicine pricing of approximately $10 a day, a new medicine that takes even a portion of the current treatment days has multi-billion-dollar potential. In light of the unprecedented data for VX-880, it's also worth highlighting the market opportunity in type 1 diabetes, which is very large. Let me start with the disease. Type 1 diabetes is a disease affecting more than 2.5 million people in the U.S. and Europe alone.  It is a severely debilitating and life-shortening disease in which due to auto-immune destruction of pancreatic islet cells, the body produces little to no insulin. There are 2 patient populations to consider. First, those with severe enough diabetes for whom the benefit risk profile is positive for the sales alone plus standard immunosuppressive therapy. And secondly, the broader population, who would be candidates for the cells encapsulated in our propriety device or hyper-immune cells where immunosuppression would not be needed. There are at least 60,000 patients with type 1 diabetes in the U.S. and Europe who are potential candidates for the first approach with VX-880.  This group is made up of people who have severe, difficult to control forms of type 1 diabetes, characterized by impaired awareness of hypoglycemia and severe hypoglycemic events that can be life-threatening. There were approximately 45,000 patients in this category. And then there are people type 1 diabetes who have had previous organ transplants, primarily kidney and so are already on immunosuppression. There are about 15,000 patients in this category. Cadaveric islet and whole pancreas transplants are already performed, albeit in small numbers of these patients and give some sense of the value of this type of intervention in a patient with severe disease.  For illustrative purposes, if you use the benchmark price in the U.S. for a pancreatic transplant of approximately $400,000 per patient as the price for a cell-based treatment, treating even a minority of the eligible patients would represent a multi-billion-dollar opportunity. Beyond Vx 880 the cells plus device program, which encapsulates the same cells for which we recently reported the unprecedented clinical data into our proprietary device that protects these cells from the immune system, could address the broader type 1 diabetes population, 2.6 million patients in the U.S. and Europe. In summary, I'm pleased with our continued progress in bringing our CF medicines to more patients around the world, and excited about the many opportunities in our pipeline. And with that, I'll turn it over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. In the third quarter of 2021, Vertex's long-term track record of strong revenue growth continued. Total product revenues were $1.98 billion, a 29% increase compared to the third quarter of 2020. Notably, TRIKAFTA represented nearly 80% of third quarter revenues as most eligible patients have switched to TRIKAFTA. Our third quarter revenues included $1.38 billion in the U.S., and 601 million outside the U.S. Ex-U.S. revenues for the quarter grew 92% over the prior year, driven by continued strong uptake for KAFTRIO. Our third quarter combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $561 million compared to $497 million for the third quarter of 2020, driven largely by investment in our clinical stage programs and our research pipeline.  We expect our R&D investments will continue to be substantial as we advance our mid and late-stage programs and make further clinical and regulatory progress across the pipeline. Our continued growth in revenues combined with disciplined growth in OpEx, translates to a year-to-date operating margin of 59%. And with our strong revenue and profitability, we ended the second quarter with $7 billion in cash. Now to guidance. We are again revising our 2021 guidance upward for total product revenues in the range of $7.4 billion to $7.5 billion. This increase reflects continued out-performance, as well as the rapid uptake we have seen with new launches.  Year-over-year, this guidance represents 20% growth at the midpoint. As Stuart highlighted, the 6 to 11 launches in the U.S. and the uptake in France and Italy are proceeding very rapidly. Even with the outstanding growth in the number of patients treated this year, we have approximately 30,000 patients left to treat with our CFTR modulators. Given our proven track record of securing new reimbursement agreements in additional markets, executing successful launches and expanding access to younger age groups, we are confident that we will be able to reach the vast majority of these patients with our medicines. We are maintaining our non-GAAP OpEx guidance for full-year 2021 at 2.25 to 2.3 billion. And for our non-GAAP tax rate, we continue to guide to a range of 21 % to 22% this year.  In conclusion, 2021 will be another year of rapid growth for Vertex and we're confident in our continued growth trajectory in CF and our ability to lead in this therapeutic area over the long term. TRIKAFTA an exceptional medicine that sets a very high bar for efficacy and safety with IP that extends to the late 2030s. With the emerging profile of our next regimens beyond TRIKAFTA, as well as the progress we're making in genetic therapies for CF, we are well on our way to fulfilling our vision for achieving carrier levels in all CF patients. The VX-121 tezacaftor VX-561 regimen is the only regimen with clinical data that shows the potential to meet or exceed the performance of TRIKAFTA and is years ahead of any other regimens in development.  Our pipeline beyond CF is both advancing and delivering. Progress with CTX001, and more recently, Vx 880 continues to demonstrate the value we can create by investing in external innovation. We look forward to sharing additional data with you as ongoing trials come to completion in the coming months. We anticipate Phase 2 data for VX-147 in APOL1-mediated FSGS and Phase 2 data for VX-548 in acute pain in the near-term.  With growing revenues and margins at the top of our peer group, we will deliver strong cash flows as we continue to reinvest in internal and external innovation to drive future growth. We're confident that the execution of our business strategy will continue to drive exceptional results for patients and the medical community, as well as for our shareholders. We will now open up the call to questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Salveen Richter: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. 2 on the pipeline here. With regard to your collaboration with Moderna, I recognize that you're moving forward nicely with the -- with delivering mRNA via LNPs; could you just talk about where you stand with mRNA to explore the use of gene editing in lung cells? And then secondly, on the development plan in Type 1 diabetes, maybe you could touch base on the expanded collaboration with Arbor and how that fits into that outlook here.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Hey Salveen, this is Reshma. Two questions in there. One about the mRNA program with Moderna and another question I think on type 1 diabetes, but specifically with regard to our collaboration with Arbor and how we're thinking about the hypo-immune cell programs. Let me break it up into two parts. And maybe I'll expand a little bit on type 1 diabetes even beyond the collaboration with Arbor. Let's start with Moderna. We are very excited about the recent breakthrough we made in -- that I shared in my prepared remarks on the mRNA program for the last 10% of Patients with CFTR -- we simply don't make any CFTR protein, right? And when you step back and think about what do you really need to do to make a breakthrough here.  It's really about sweet things. It's about the HBE cells. It's about mRNA constructed cells, and then for sure it's about delivery. And it's this last one, delivery, that's been a vexing problem for us in the field as a whole and that's really the exciting news for today. With regard to the HBEs cell, these have been the workhorse for the 4 medicines that we have brought forward already. And I say that because they're the only model that translates from the bench to the bed side. And it's not only qualitatively so but quantitatively so and it's these HBE cells that have also been the workhorse for the program with Moderna.  The second is the mRNA construct itself in a number of years ago. We have struck up a partnership with Moderna, arguably the best Company in this space of mRNA. And in all honesty, we have for some time been able to express full-length CFTR mRNA, the protein, and demonstrate its functionality. We've been able to do all that in vitro and HBE. But over the last several months, what we have now been able to do, is demonstrate that we can deliver using nebulized LNPs to the appropriate cells. So that is to say to bronchial epithelial cells and we've done this in small animals and large.  And we can see that we've delivered them to deliver the mRNA construct to the bronchial epithelial cells. No one else has claimed to do this, and certainly no one else has been able to do this. So that's the big advancement that allows us to go and start our GLP enabling studies. Those are already underway and I do expect the IND to go in next year. On type 1 diabetes, Salveen, there are the cells themselves and then there are the mechanisms to cloak the cells.  In the first program with Vx 880, we use simple off-the-shelf Pharmacologic Immunosuppressive. In the second program itself plus device, those IND studies are already underway, IND next year. The third program is using these same cells, and for the cloaking, we use or plan to use gene editing, for example, to make hypo immune cells. I'm going to ask Bastiano to comment just a little bit more on the hypo immune program. Bastiano?
Bastiano Sanna: Absolutely. Thanks, Reshma. Thanks, Salveen for the question. Still the -- as Reshma has said the problem is actually the cell, the fully differentiated allogeneic better cells. Healthy cells to cloak them from the immune system is a complex sensitive challenge in general, specific to type 1 diabetes is a present higher more complicated because the call -- the type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disease. So, we have to cloak the cells from the general allogeneic as possible, also from the autoimmunity.  And of course, it's fairly obvious that allogeneic rejection is that something that has been worked on the past 2 decades. And of course, knocking out MHC Class 1 and 2 is the usual place where most people will go. And we're doing that internally. That all the mechanism we are exploring internally and through collaboration to be sure that we take care of both types of immunity: the allogeneic rejection and out immunity.
Salveen Richter: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Hi, good morning -- good afternoon. I had 2 questions; it's been a long day. 1 is actually, the announcement this quarter that you had moved your new CF program into Phase 3, and I would like for you to comment about it in the context of how much clear differentiation you're confident it is from Trikafta, but also in the context of the fact that everybody knows there's a competitor with data coming and how we should interpret that in the context of your data that you put out in the press release and how differentiated it could be.  The second question is more a question around the fact that you had commented about M&A earlier this year. In fact, Rush Med commented even about areas like Huntington's and I just want ed you to refresh that view in the fact that you haven't really commented about that so much like you did earlier this year and recent prior quarters. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hey, Michael, good afternoon. Let's do the  question first and then I'll come to capital allocation and M&A So we have obviously established ourselves as a leader in CF over the last decade plus. And over the recent few years, we've expanded that leadership first with TRIKAFTA that can serve up to 90% of people with CF. And then with the specific program that you're asking about VX-121 / 561 Tez, which pre -clinically in these HBE cells that are a model that translate from bench-to-bedside have demonstrated the potential to have even better efficacy than TRIKAFTA. And in the clinical program from the Phase 2 results that we shared earlier in the year, where it looks that 121-561 test has Tsikata the ability to provide even more benefit than TRIKAFTA.  Make no mistake about it, TRIKAFTA set an incredibly high bar. It's an extraordinary medicine with a very high benefit risk profile, but 121, frankly, is the competitor to TRIKAFTA. It's years ahead of anything else in the field. If I just stand back and look at this, Mike, we have the best medicine for CF today in the form of Trikafta. We the best medicine for CF tomorrow in the form of 121561 Tezacaftor. And as I look, long-term, when you really think about CF, a chronic disease, children are born with this disease.  They're going to take medicine for a lifetime. Chronically, you're going to need long-term data. The kind of data that Stuart talked about in his prepared remarks. Mortality, lung transplantation, rate of decline, and to be clear, the only Company that has the short-term data and the long-term data is Vertex. With regard to capital allocation, Charlie, I'll ask you to comment on that one.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Reshma and Mike, thanks for the question. Listen, it's very clear to us that innovation is the greatest driver of value in this industry. And we have shown that in CF that innovation that leads to transformative medicines for serious disease creates tremendous value both for patients and for shareholders. And we hope to do that in a number of other disease areas that are represented across our broad pipeline. So, when it comes to capital allocation, our primary focus is on reinvestment in innovation, both internally and externally.  You can see in the numbers we've never invested more internally than we are today. And you can also see in the pipeline the benefit of some of the smart external investments that we've made over the last couple of years. I would call out CRISPR and Semma specifically but there are many others. and so, from a capital allocation standpoint, that reinvestment in innovation will continue to be the top priority. And we've not commented specifically on types of deals because we're not looking for a certain type of deal. We are looking for tools and technologies and assets that fit and are well aligned with our research strategy and as we identify those, you can expect that we'll continue to be disciplined and move quickly when we see an opportunity.
Michael Yee: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Nader with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Phil Nader: Good evening. Thanks for taking our questions. 2 from us, if that's okay. 1 commercial, 1 pipeline. On the commercial, the growth quarter-over-quarter was pretty impressive. Could you give us some sense of where you think you are penetrating the 6- to 11-year-old in the U.S. and then those XUS markets that you highlighted like France, Italy, and Canada, and whether the type of growth that we've seen this quarter could continue into future quarters. And then second on the pipeline and FSGS, as the date approaches, we're just curious to hear your most recent thoughts on what would be proof-of-concept for the molecule and what gives you confidence to go from the narrow FSGS population to the broader APOL1-mediated kidney disease population based on this initial data. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, good afternoon, Phil. I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on the question around CF and how we see growth. And then I'll come back and tell you a little bit more about the FSGS program. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Hey, Phil. Yes, thanks very much for the question. And, yeah. I'm enormously proud of our execution in this third quarter that led to the results that you commented on and led us to increasing our revenue guidance today. It's hard to comment specifically on kind of quarter-on-quarter what our growth rates going to be. But I'll give you a sense where we are in our overall growth trajectory. As you said, we got the approval further, 6- to 11-year-old for TRIKAFTA in June. So just prior to this quarter starting. We also secured new reimbursement agreements in important markets like Italy and France, and also most recently in Canada.  And the launches there are underway. What I can tell you is that the level of enthusiasm for the 6- to 11-year-old TRIKAFTA here in the U.S. and overseas. KAFTRIO is exceptionally high in line with that. We've seen in every other market where we've launched Trikafta, Kaftrio. So, there's launches are off to a strong start. Obviously, we're in the first few months of those launches. So, looking ahead, what do I see despite the fact that we've had really successful launches for Trikafta and Kaftrio. We're still actually only treating today about half of all the patients with CF who could benefit from medicines, overall.  And specifically, to CFTR modulators is about 30,000 patients yet to go in terms of patients who could benefit from our medicines. Now, you might ask yourself who are those patients? Well, those patients are patients in countries where we have reimbursement, where we're early in the launch sequence. Some of the markets I just described, there in countries where we have regulatory approvals with most of the world now, but where we have yet secure reimbursement agreements and they're in younger age groups, obviously 6- to 11-year-old. Outside the U.S. we don't yet have an approval and also, we're going to be pursuing approvals for TRIKAFTA KAFTRIO down to even younger age groups as we have done with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI.  So given our track record in securing approvals, getting reimbursement, and successfully launching, I have no doubt that we're going to get to the vast majority of those 30,000 patients over the coming years until I see substantial growth for our CF franchise between now and the middle of the next decade. And then as we announced today, we also made great progress with our mRNA program, which has the prospect of developing a medicine for the 10% of sober patients who don't respond to CFTR modulators. So, I think we've got substantial growth runway yet to go in CF. And Reshma back to you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Still on the question of the VX-147 program. Okay. So, on that one, I have high confidence in the Phase 2 proof-of-concept study, and I see that for really 3 reasons. The first is, the human genetics for APOL1-mediated kidney disease are strong. In fact, they are very strong. People who have kidney disease, who have Proteinuria, have 2 APOL1 Allele. They have universally poor outcomes. And the target therefore, is really exceptionally well validated. The second is our in vitro and in vivo studies, we've done portfolio of studies in vitro as well as in animal studies. We find good potency, good selectivity, and really strong reductions in proteinuria. And the third is that VX-147 has all of the drug-like properties that we seek.  As a nephrologist, I find this opportunity really very exciting, for the following reason: so, in Phase 2, we're studying APOL1-mediated FSGS. That is 1 kind of APOL1-mediated kidney disease. It's a very aggressive form of renal disease, about 10,000 people who have that. But APOL1-mediated proteinuric -- let's say, primary proteinuric kidney disease. I know it's a mouthful. There's about 100,000 people who have that. And if the Phase 2 study is positive in FSGS, what that really tells you is that we have now for the first time, found a small molecule that interdicts on APOL1 and can potentially be a therapy for that broad FSGS. Not only FSGS, but the broad AMKD market.  So, the full 100,000. And then with regard to what would we consider successful. Okay. So, the Phase 2 studies in FSGS, right? And the entry criteria are such that it's a very severe population. It's APOL1-mediated FSGS with a high burden of proteinuria and we allow stable doses of standard of care therapy. So, these patients are already on ACE s, ARB s, immunosuppressives, and steroids. So, in that kind of patient population with an aggressive disease with high levels of proteinuria already in standard of care, double-digit improvements in proteinuria, that would be impressive. Now, of course, higher is better but double-digit improvements in proteinuria, that would not only be important, it would be something that we've not seen before.
Phil Nader: That's perfect. Thanks for taking our questions.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams: Hi guys, congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my questions. We'd love to learn more about the mRNA program. And I guess, I'm curious how translatable non-human primate lungs are to human CF lungs, especially given the mucus layer. Do you have any sense of what the half-life for the resonant time in the lung would be in terms of, what type of frequency of administration one might look at a general range? And might you see any opportunity down the line for this to be usable? Perhaps in combination for the other 90% of patients who don't have nonsense mutations, but with CF. Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Brian, really important questions on the mRNA program and there's a few different questions in there, so let me parse it out. There's a question in there about the dose targeting it to the right cells and how translatable the model is and then there's another question in there about how do we think about the 90%? Okay. So, I'm going to be circumspect with my comments. The insights are commercially sensitive, but here's what I can tell you: we have been very, very diligent and deliberate about dose and making sure that the mRNA, transcript and protein expression are in the right cells.  I would say that in drug development in this area, that's the most important part that many others have not gotten right and that's specifically why I talked about the HBE assays in vitro, and the small and large animal studies and the targeting of the mRNA construct to the relevant cells, which are the bronchial epithelial cells. And I feel very good about the dose selection, about the schedule of dosing, and the targeting to the appropriate cells. Now, with regard to the question about down the line, do we think this could be extended to the other 90%? I would actually look at it the other way.  CF is a systemic disease, it's not only a lung disease. And so, the real value of small molecule correction of the CFTR protein is that, you get systemic benefit. So, in the setting of the last 10%, and what I would contemplate is, if our -- we're successful with our mRNA program when we are in the clinic next year, it's combining the mRNA with a small molecule. We're obviously the only ones who could do that, and I think the opportunity to bring benefit to the last 10% is therefore tremendous.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks so much, Reshma.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with Tuist Securities. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So, 2 quick ones. So, for  during lung stability. In the real world, what percentage of the population would benefit from you think the new drugs that you are developing, meaning that their sweat chloride levels are below normal range in these might be able to put them into that bucket. And second question I had is for your device for diabetes.  How does the devices -- you talked about how getting the cells in, they go to the liver and then blood vessels form, how they interact with the liver to function? How does the device not only protect the cells from the attack by the immune system, but also allow them to have the interaction with blood vessels to work and function? How does it work? I was just wondering if it might not be able to interact with the blood vessels because it's in a device. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. There are 2 different questions in there, Robyn. 1 about Type 1 diabetes and the device. And then a separate question about how we think about VX-121 561 test. And maybe I'll expand that to the next generation of CFTR modulators. Let's do CF first and then we'll -- let's do Type 1 diabetes next. Robyn, you know this, the TRIKAFTA KAFTRIO medicine can treat up to 90% of people with CF and it has really extraordinary efficacy. And what we see is that large numbers of patients, as you saw in the clinical trials program, get benefit in the double-digit improvements in ppFEV1, significant improvements in sweat chloride, in weight, in quality of life.  Now what we are trying to do in our long-term goal is to get all CF patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. And the reason we want to do that is because carriers really manifest almost no disease. And what I can tell you is 121, 561 Tez in our pre -clinical experiments in these HBE cells that have this quantitative and unquantitative relationship to what we see in the clinic. The 121 Tez 561 has the potential to be even better than TRIKAFTA on that dimension. But we've already identified another generation of molecule that, in our HBE assays looks like they're going to get us to that ultimate goal of getting all patients with CF, but 90% to carrier levels.  With regard to the device program, I'll ask Bastiano to comment, but here is the quantitative important thumbnail sketch of the field and what the real breakthrough that we have made. The problem with device historically has been foreign body reactions or fibrosis. And the second challenge with devices has been vascularization. Both of those challenges are what we tackled with our program and what we do not see with our device. So, what we do not see is fibrosis or foreign body reaction. And what we do see is really excellent vascularization. I'll let Bastiano to comment about the materials and the geometry and the configuration of the device that allows us to have the kind of effects that we have. Bastiano.
Bastiano Sanna: Thanks, Reshma. And Robyn just wants to maybe start with making clear that this completely novel device that is made with different materials, different geometry, different configuration from everything else that has been described by others in the field. It will specifically design, rationally design to exactly address the causes of failure in the field of encapsulation like Reshma said which is foreign body response and vascularization. It's called Cells in Device for that particular reason, is proposed design to really minimize fibrosis and to allows the device to integrate in the body, allow vascular beds to form throughout the device on top and the bottom.  So that serves as always opportunity distance to a source of oxygen and nutrient. Allowing for installing glucose, of course, to be exchange. This competitive from what we think those in the field. And we have evidence in our pre -clinical models that, we do not see it by the response, we see a robust neovascularization, we see rapid insulin responsiveness, immuno protection, even in immuno -competent animals.
Robyn Karnauskas: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Becker with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Lisa Becker: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about CTX001. So, when you file at the end of next year, can you talk about for how much data and follow-up data you'll have on how many patients? And then I also want to ask just a commercial question as you're doing a lot of your commercial craft, can you maybe describe like what the -- what -- how many patients per year can be treated in the U.S.? kind of, given that hospital environments and all that kind of stuff. So how should we think about kind of what -- at time of launch, what that will look like, and then how that may evolve overtime? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Lisa, I think you're asking about how we see commercial launch for CTX001.
Lisa Becker: Yes, I just wanted to what the throughput of patients, like capacity-wise; is there some upper limit on that that we should think about as we think about the population, there's quite a bit population, in fact, but I'm trying to understand what the capacity is in the United States, at least, and how you think that may evolve over time? But -- from the onset, what would that look like?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing. Let me ask Stuart to comment on how we see the CTX001 launch and the launch dynamics. Taking into account the question specifically about, whether there are capacity constraints in such. And I'll come back and tell you a little bit more about how we see the filings, Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks, Lisah for the question. So, we saw the highest level with the overall opportunity and then I'll get to your question about the launch dynamics or our views on them at this early stage. So, in terms of people who have severe sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia between the U.S. and the EU, we think there's about 32,000 we estimate patients who have severe disease in both of those in the combined populations of sickle cell in vivo beta thalassemia. In sickle cell, it's about 25,000. And because of the nature of the disease, the vast majority of those are in the United States.  And that number is going to be validated by external physician surveys which would indicate that they think they would treat between 25% in the third of all of their sickle cell disease patients with a 1-time curative approach with the existing conditioning regimen. So, we think that's about the order of magnitude of patients who might be eligible for this initial phase of a gene-editing curative treatment. In terms of launch dynamics, it's really going to be a function of probably 4 things.  The first one is to the physician - and -patient interest in the technology. And based on the results that we've seen to-date and enthusiasm we've seen in the field, particularly as it translates into interest in our clinical trials, we expect the enthusiasm from the community to be high. The other end, it's going to be a function of our ability to manufacture. And as you can imagine, we're working diligently on our manufacturing processes to make sure that we have capacity to treat patients. But the bottleneck is likely to be in treatment centers.  And as you know, the treatment is going to be administered in transplant centers, there is a limited number of those in the U.S. and they also have competing priorities with malignant hematology conditions. And so, that is likely to be the right limiting step. We're obviously in the initial throws of evaluating those treatment centers and working with them. Again, we do think that enthusiasm to treat these patients is going to be high, given the very significant unmet need in sickle cell disease and thalassemia and the outstanding results we've seen to date.  So, without commenting specifically, because I wouldn't know the exact answer to that. But at this early stage, Lisah, those are likely to be some of the pinch points that were -- in terms of the launch dynamics. What I can tell you though, is we are expecting demand to be very, very substantial amongst those 32,000 patients, given the unmet need and the results we've seen.
Reshma Kewalramani: On the question on where are we with our filing and how are we thinking about the size, the dataset size -- I'll just step back for one moment to remind that we have had the benefit of having virtually every regulatory designation known both here and in the EU with ARMA, and Orphan, and Prime. That's allowed us to have a number of engagements with the agency and to be able to address a number of their questions.  We're really at the tail end of those conversations and the 2 areas on which we're wrapping our discussions are: 1. What is the sample size that is -- that they will require? And, 2. What's the duration of follow-up? I expect we're going to finish those discussions in the next couple of months and I do expect that the filing will go in towards the tail end of next year.
Lisa Becker: Okay. Thanks.
Bastiano Sanna: Operator we'll take two more questions.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I wanted to follow-up as well on CTX001 and just to piggyback on the filing. I recognize we should get more clarity in the coming months, but can you talk about your comfort level on the regulatory front when it comes to addressing any CMC requirements. We see -- frequently see delays there with regards to cell and gene therapies. And then also, you speak about the 32,000 patients between the U.S. and Europe. Wanted to ask about your comfort level with Europe as we recently saw Bluebird back out of that market with LentiGlobin for betasal based on the fact that they couldn't come to agreement on pricing. So, your comfort level that you can get around this? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Cory, let me start with telling you a little bit more about the regulatory process and come a little bit more on the factoring, which is your specific question. And then I'll ask you to comment on Europe. Obviously, we are -- we have the opportunity, not only in Europe, but the opportunity certainly including Europe to leave for the front with our CTX001 for both beta thalassemia and sickle-cell disease. Okay. Quick on the regulatory filings, because of these designations which had been -- had benefits of multiple conversations with the agency and as I said earlier, been able to address most of their questions and we're really now wrapping up conversations around two clinical points, which is how big is the database and what's the duration of follow-up.  On the manufacturing side, we are using the same processes. And actually, the same sites as we did for the clinical trials for the commercial product. And in the grand scheme of things, when you think about what we're doing with CTX001, it's ex vivo gene editing. And really, it's the tax enzyme and the guide RNA. And in the grand scheme of things that's just simply an easier manufacturing situation than other manufacturing challenges. So, I feel very good about our conversations with the agency. We've been able to de -risk by addressing their questions along the way. And we are using the same processes in the same sites that we used in the clinical trials for the commercial product. Stuart, a couple of comments maybe from you about Europe and CTX001?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. Cory, thanks for the question. I feel very confident in the team that we have on the ground in Europe and their ability to secure reimbursement and access for patients who have rare diseases. The transformative medicines, likely, I think may go to demonstrate the capability to capture and describe the unmet need in these types of conditions to gather and generate evidence on the both economic and clinical benefits of our medicines, translate those into value propositions, which makes sense to payers and then work creatively with payers to develop bespoke solutions country-by-country to secure reimbursement and access for our medicines. I think we've demonstrated that very, very successfully in CF and I'm looking forward to us being able to use those same capabilities to get access for patients with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia in Europe.
Cory Kasimov: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of American. Your line is open.
Olivia Brokaw: Hi guys, this Olivia Brokaw on for Geoff. Thanks for the questions. I have got two follow-ups on the next-gen triplet program. First is, can you give us a better sense for when we might start to see those Phase 3 data on that, now that both of those trials are up and running, and whether there could be an opportunity for an earlier look at you, guys 1 or maybe both of those trials as we get into next year? And then I know you guys have talked about moving forward even more next-gen triplets at some point.  So, are there specific areas where you're maybe more focused on when you think about the optimization or differentiation of those newer assets? And just as a follow-up to that, could there be some potential ways to accelerate development timelines once those agents move into the clinic?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, good afternoon. With regard to your questions which really center around the next wave, whether it's 121, 561 Tezacaftor, which is already in the clinic in Phase 3 clinical trials, or the molecules that we've identified in San Diego that are going to be coming into the clinic. How are we thinking about this? How quickly can we go? What's the overall goal? So, to be clear, the goal here is to bring all patients with cystic fibrosis to carrier levels of sweat chloride. That is our long-stated goal, and that is what we are aiming for.  And I feel really good about where we are with 121/561 Tez, based on the pre -clinical results that I shared and the Phase 2 results that we shared earlier this year. And the next wave of molecules looks like they can be even better. So, we are well on our path to bringing forward therapies that can bring all CF patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. With regard to speed and how fast can we go, right? I don't think that, anybody can go faster than us in cystic fibrosis for a couple of reasons. 1. We've already demonstrated that, we can do this very quickly. In TRIKAFTA, we went from the bench, so first synthesis of the molecule to U.S. approval in less than four years.  Outside of oncology, it's one of the fastest drug development programs ever. The second reason I say that we do this really fast is we have a lot of experience in this, right? We've already done it with 4 medicines on the market, the fifth one being 121, and 561. And with regard to where should we expect results in such, remember, the trials for TRIKAFTA, we enrolled in about 6 months. So that's a benchmark for the last set of clinical trials we did. I expect this to continue to use the -- what we know when our experience to move fast with 121, 561 test and the molecules behind that.
Olivia Brokaw: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Michael Partridge: Thank you all for tuning into the call tonight. If you have additional questions, please reach out to the Investor Relations team. We are in the office tonight and happy to follow up. Have good evening.
Operator: This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 23:11:07) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Q2 2021 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to your host Mr. Michael Partridge. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to the Vertex second quarter 2021 financial results conference call. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani Vertexs CEO and President, Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial and Operations Officer, and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This call is being recorded. A replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including without limitation, those regarding Vertexs marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertexs future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we will review on the call this evening are non-GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thank you, Michael. As we reach the halfway point in 2021, our business is performing exceptionally well, and is very well-positioned for the future. Our CF franchise is strong and growing. During the second quarter, we reached a number of new reimbursement agreements with the triple combination, as well as other CFTR modulators in our portfolio, including in major markets like France and Italy, earlier than expected. These reimbursement agreements are occurring in a timeframe that is far quicker than is typical for OUS markets. And importantly, we are achieving reimbursements at levels which are robust and reflect the value of our CF medicines. We also secured regulatory approval for the triple combination in the six to 11 age group for the U.S. Taken together, these additional reimbursement agreements and regulatory approvals provides thousands of new patients with access to our medicines. As such, we're raising our 2021 guidance range by $500 million to a range of $7.2 billion to $7.4 billion, reflecting 18% year-over-year growth at the midpoint of the range. But our work in CF is not done. There are still more than 30,000 people with CF who are yet to be treated. And by reaching these patients, we see continued significant growth for the CF business. With regard to the pipeline, progress is accelerating across the portfolio. We now expect to achieve targeted enrollment in both CTX001 studies in Q3. We have initiated the VX-548 Phase 2 program in acute pain. We are on track to begin the Phase 3 next in class triple combination program in CF shortly.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thank you, Reshma. I'll begin by reviewing the Q2 revenue performance of our CF medicines. Our Q2 global revenues reached nearly $1.8 billion, driven by increasing revenues outside the U.S. as a result of the launch of KAFTRIO and continued strong performance in the U.S.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. In the second quarter of 2021 Vertex again continued its record of outstanding financial performance. In fact, we're in the midst of our eighth consecutive year of at least double digit revenue growth. Second quarter total product revenues were $1.79 billion, an 18% increase compared to the second quarter of 2020. This growth was primarily driven by strong international uptake of KAFTRIO and continued performance of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. Our second quarter revenues included $1.26 billion in the U.S. and $536 million outside the U.S. Ex-U.S. revenues for the quarter grew 71% over the prior year, reflecting the full quarter effect of prior initiations in Europe, as well as any new patient initiations in countries where patients have access to KAFTRIO. Our second quarter combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $537 million compared to $467 million for the second quarter of 2020, driven largely by investment in our clinical stage programs and our research pipeline. As our pipeline continues to expand and mature, we expect our R&D investments will continue to be substantial, while we drive toward proof of concept data and further clinical and regulatory progress across the pipeline. Our continued growth in revenues combined with carefully managed growth and spending translates to a second quarter operating margin of 57%. With our strong revenue and profitability, we ended the quarter with $6.7 billion in cash following the one-time $900 million payment to CRISPR Therapeutics for the amended collaboration. Our strong financial performance to-date, the future growth profile in CF, and the tremendous potential of our broad and deep pipeline made this the right time for the $1.5 billion stock repurchase authorization that we announced in June. This authorization gives us the opportunity to repurchase stock at very attractive prices as we seek to offset future dilution from equity programs. Now to guidance, we are making a significant upward revision to our previously issued 2021 guidance for total product revenues to a range of $7.2 billion to $7.4 billion. This $500 million increase in our revenue guidance range reflects year to date business outperformance, as well as the rapid progress we've made in reaching new reimbursement agreements. Year-over-year this guidance represents nearly 18% growth at the midpoint. As is our practice, the guidance only includes revenue for countries that are currently reimbursed. Future new reimbursements are not included. We are maintaining our non-GAAP OpEx guidance for the full year 2021 at $2.25 billion to $2.3 billion. Driven by R&D investment, we anticipate that our OpEx in the second-half of 2021 will be sequentially greater than in the first-half of the year. Specific drivers include the new economic split under the amended CTX001 collaboration, advancement of VX-548 to multiple studies in pain, and investment to support type one diabetes clinical development. For our non-GAAP tax rate, we continue to guide to a range of 21% to 22% this year. Looking to the future, the financial profile of our business is exceptional in many ways. First, we expect to see continued significant top and bottom line growth from our CF franchise into the middle of the decade, as we continue to reach more and more patients. Second, our CF revenues are well protected by the triple combinations strong IP which extends to the late 2030s and which could be further extended with the new next in class triple now entering pivotal trials. Third, our differentiated business model and lean SG&A lead to high margins and strong cash flow, which allows for sustained levels of investment into internal and external R&D and continued strong earnings growth. And finally, we have a number of multibillion dollar opportunities advancing in the pipeline, many with near-term milestones, including those in beta cell, sickle cell disease, APOL1-mediated kidney disease, pain, type 1 diabetes and AAT, each of which have the potential to drive significant growth beyond CF into the 2030s. With that, I'll turn it back to Reshma to close.
Reshma Kewalramani: Why don't we go directly to questions and open the phone lines now.
Operator: Thank you.  I show our first question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hi, guys. Good evening. Thanks for the question. Reshma, I know that there's an important Phase 2 readout for FSGS later this year, and you've talked about that. And I know you've talked about what you're looking for, in terms of reduction proteinuria. I guess, my question was twofold. One, are there scenarios where reductions are more modest, and you have to think about what that would mean for going forward? And second, if it was really good reductions, reduction of proteinuria is surrogate so when you still need to run a much longer study, appreciate its genetic mutation patient population. So maybe you could talk to those scenarios and how you think about the robustness of data? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hi, Mike. The question you asked is about the VX-147 program, for others on the phone this is the APOL1-mediated FSGS program that is currently in Phase 2 and we are on track to readout the Phase 2 results in the second-half of this year. The way I see this program, Mike, and what we're really looking for is safety for sure. It's a Phase 2 program. And on the efficacy side, you're right, it is about percent reduction in proteinuria. And we are looking for double digit reduction in proteinuria because at those levels, it's meaningful. And it is correlated with improvements in GFR, and the hard endpoints of time to ESRD. As with all of our programs, Mike, we have a portfolio approach here. I am excited to see these results. The community, physicians, as well as patient groups, and the regulators, particularly in the U.S. have had multiple workshops and conferences over the last several years. And the regulators have expressed openness for proteinuria to be the regulatory enabling endpoint. Now, whether that's an accelerated approval, whether that's a full approval, all of that, obviously will need to be discussed as we progress the program and have those discussions with the regulators. But I've been really pleased with how the regulators have thought about it and the fact that this is indeed a genetically defined renal disease, and what the regulators have often talked about is a homogeneous proteinuric kidney disease. And that that is what this is. So I feel optimism for proteinuria to be the regulatory enabling endpoint. And obviously, that makes for a more efficient trial.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking our question. A two part regulatory question from us. You recently announced the design of the CF Phase 3 trial. And it's notable because as a non-inferiority primary endpoint, we're curious to know whether simple non-inferiority is sufficient to support FDA approval, or if the FDA asked for superiority or something else from the secondary endpoints? And then second part of the question is, when will we get similar details on what's necessary to file CTX001? I think you've been guiding in FDA update sometime this year, we're kind of curious, is that going to come sooner rather than later? And if you have any preliminary idea of what will be necessary for filing that candidate? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me take the CTX001 question first. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are now looking to achieve completion of target enrollment in Q3. So that's really a very near-term completion of the targeting enrollment. So what we're really looking at now, and I've described before, as we've had these conversations with regulators, and we do have the benefit of really virtually every regulatory designation one can imagine, so we've had the opportunity to have productive discussions with the agency. It's about the size of the filing package. It's about the duration of follow up and the CMC manufacturing controls, I'd like to say, achievement enrollment is really short-term. So it's about the duration of follow up and CMC manufacturing. I do expect that we're going to bring those discussions to a conclusion in the next coming months. And I do anticipate filing to be possible in the next or let's call it 18 to 24-months. So that's really what it looks like on CTX001. On the Phase 3 next in class CF program, we've gone through our discussions with the regulators. We've had our end of Phase 2 meetings. And this trial design that you see reflects those considerations and those discussions. I will point out that as I look at the VX-121 data there are three really important elements that stand out to me. The first is that in our HBEF , and you know that our HBE assays translate very well into the clinic, not only qualitatively but quantitatively, singularly or in combination, so one to one alone or in combination with tezacaftor 561. The results are in our HBEs that one to one is more efficacious, more efficacious than even TRIKAFTA. That's really saying something. And in the Phase 2 results, you can look at the sweat chloride, which is the real direct translation of chloride transport in vitro. And you can see that we're looking at numbers that are more like 45 to 45 millimolar with the one to one regimen versus 33 to 39. That's what we saw in Phase 2 with the TRIKAFTA regimen. And then of course, ppFEV1, which is more variable, but even that has indications for being better than TRIKAFTA. So while the primary endpoint is non-inferiority, I see a lot of optimism in these data to even have the potential to be better than TRIKAFTA.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Great afternoon, guys. Thanks for the question. Just a couple for you guys. So on the pipeline, I know there's been a lot of emphasis on BD. But for what you have today in the pipeline, are there investments that you can accelerate to get into registration trials faster, for example, like in pain? And then, when you look in CF, beyond rolling out across the EU, and maybe adding younger patients across the board, what do you think -- I know you're not going to give long-term guidance, but what is the normalization of the market look like in terms of maybe the incidence rate? What do you guys assuming? I'm just trying to get a sense for when CF is more moderate growth, is that the timeframe where will you think that that you're going to have more of a P&L impact from sickle cell and beta thal from CTX001 or other elements of the pipeline? Just trying to get a sense to put all the pieces together for kind of the long-term growth picture? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, it's a great question, Geoff. And let me set it up for you and then I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on market dynamics. And then I'll come back and address your question about the pipeline and how we see that going. What I see to start with is, I really see continued significant growth for many years to come in our CF franchise. And I'm going to ask Stuart to outline those dynamics for why I say that.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Geoff. So as you know, we updated our estimates of the epidemiology for people living with CF in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia earlier this year to approximately 83,000 patients. And we're probably treating about half of those patients today. And as you know, we updated our guidance today to a range of $7.2 billion to $7.4 billion. What that means is, and I don't want to gloss over this is that there is more than 30,000 patients remaining, who are eligible for our CFTR modulators. They are likely to benefit from our existing CFTR modulators. And those 30,000 patients really fall into three categories. The first one is people who live in countries where we have regulatory approval, and we've secured reimbursements. And we are beginning the launches in those markets. And as you know, the launches of our CF medicines tend to be very rapid. Second group of patients of those who live in countries where we have regulatory approval, but don't yet have reimbursement. Obviously, we've had a great year securing reimbursement for KAFTRIO, just under a year from the EMA approval, and I have full confidence that we're going to continue that run and secure additional reimbursement agreements in countries where we don't have it today. And then we have to get down into younger patients. And as you know, we've done that with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, and given the benefit risk profile of TRIKAFTA, we fully expect we'll be able to get down to younger age groups. So over the next several years, we see multibillion dollar revenue growth potential through getting to those more than 30,000 patients. Additionally, we are also working on the 7% to 10% of patients who aren't going to be eligible for our CFTR modulators, using genetic approaches through our collaboration with amongst others Moderna. So, we do see continued growth of our CF franchise for several years to come, based on continuing to execute in the way that we have done over the last few years. And then to tell you how the pipeline is going to layer on top of that, I'll hand it back to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: The pipeline is progressing nicely, and I actually would say it's accelerating. And let me tell you why I say that, the pain program is now in Phase 2 for the bunionectomy study and in parallel and very shortly we're going to start up the abdominoplasty study. The CTX001 program, as I said in my prepared remarks, that one is going to achieve target enrollment in Q3 now. And when I think about VX-147 that is absolutely on track to have results in the second-half of this year. And when I put all of that together, it looks like a really important next six to nine months in terms of not only data readouts, but the opportunity to advance to milestones in each of these programs. And that's not even talking about the programs that are in late preclinical development or in Phase 1. So we are investing heavily in our pipeline. It is because the pipeline is accelerating, and there are many opportunities for us to get to the next important milestones in clinical development. I would be remiss if I didn't say a word about VX-880. This is the naked cells only approach. This one is a Phase 1/2 trial, and I would think about this one as similar to CTX001, in that reasonably small number of patients in a reasonably efficient timeframe will really tell us what we have. And so that was another one that I think is going to be important to keep our eyes on and to invest behind.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Thanks for taking my questions. For CTX001 on manufacturing, do you have an understanding of the assays required or how differences could play out regulatory wise versus gene therapy given this is a new technology? And then, with your work with Moderna on mRNA and gene editing, maybe you could just help us understand how that's progressing and when those might enter the clinic?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Salveen with regard to CTX001, we really have had the opportunity to have multiple discussions with the regulators, not just on what the potential filing package could look like, in terms of the clinical data, sample size, et cetera, but also on CMC and manufacturing. And we have a very good understanding of what the agency both here and outside the U.S. would like to see in terms of potency assays and release essays. And that work is going very well. In terms of the mRNA program, you know that we have multiple programs for the last 10% of our CF patients, the most advanced of which is the mRNA program in partnership with Moderna. There's really two components here. It's the mRNA construct itself, and it's also delivery. We have made solid progress on both of those. And I would say the important one is on delivery. A little too early for me to give you timing for when that would enter the clinic, but I will say that the progress has been very good. And I'm feeling very optimistic about our ability to get to that last 10% of patients, maybe even compared to six months ago.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, thanks for the question. Starting first a little bit on -- I have to ask this question. I did not want to be the person who asked this question on the call Reshma, but I have to. Your thoughts on the Galapagos headwind as people are focusing on their data coming up? I know they're behind you. But can you just give any more additional color on the biology perhaps even and how you view their drug? And second on pain, you mentioned like timelines if you can give some clarity on your pipeline over the next six to nine months? When can we actually see data from pivotal trials enroll really quickly? Maybe give us some sense of what your expectations are? Or, your next data set and what the bar might be? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure thing, Robyn. Let me start with pain. I'm really excited about our pain program. You know that we have a program in NaV1.8 that's the one that's furthest ahead. In our discovery and preclinical research we also have programs in NaV1.7. The reason I'm particularly excited about NaV1.8 is it's a genetically validated target for sure. But it's also pharmacologically validated by our very own VX-150. The molecule that's in the clinic now VX-548 really is all the attributes we were looking for in terms of potency, as well as in drug like properties, BDIs, manufacturability, et cetera. So this one really looks very exciting to us. It's already in the bunionectomy study that is up and running as a Phase 2 proof of concept study. The abdominoplasty is right behind it and that should start up very shortly. We are also interested in pursuing peripheral neuropathic pain in the NaV1.8 area. And the reason for that is because again, our VX-150 molecule had positive proof of concept data, not only in acute pain, but also in neuropathic pain. So, that one is another study that's coming. With regard to acute pain, the studies are very short in duration because it's a procedure like a bunionectomy, you have treatment that is over a couple of days and so the results can be obtained in a reasonably efficient timeframe. I expect that the bunionectomy results will be ready by let's say the tail end of this year, beginning part of next year, abdominoplasty results thereafter. So that's really how I would have been capsulate the pain program. With regard to the Galapagos data maybe Galapagos AbbVie data, Robyn, I'd rather focus on our portfolio and tell you about how I see our portfolio. And maybe the best way to summarize it is VX-121 561 tezacaftor holds the potential to bring greater patient benefit than even TRIKAFTA, its once daily dosing, which I think adds a level of convenience for our patients. And in all honesty, the greatest threat to TRIKAFTA, the greatest competitor to TRIKAFTA in terms of the most advanced is our very own VX-121 561 tezacaftor.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. I appreciate you taking the question. I actually want to follow up Reshma on what you were just talking about kind of on Phil's earlier question on the QDCF study, but from a slightly different point of view. So recognize it's designed to demonstrate statistical non-inferiority from a regulatory standpoint. But what do you think you need to show for this to actually displace a product as good as TRIKAFTA in the market? I'm assuming dosing once versus twice a day isn't enough on its own? And did you say in the prepared remarks I just want to make sure we have this right that the royalty on the QD goes to low single digit from low double digit? Do we get that right?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Cory, with regard to the study, you're right. For the regulatory enabling endpoint, it is a non-inferiority study, and that non-inferiority is on ppFEV1. You're also correct that the royalties go from low double digits with TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO to low single digits. Let me just take a step back, though, and help maybe everyone on the phone line understand our perspective on the one to one program, and why we're really doing this. So, our long standing goals in CF have been threefold. First, bring forward a medicine that can treat up to 90% of patients with cystic fibrosis, give that a check, that's TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO. Second, get patients who can benefit from CFTR modulators to the highest levels of efficacy. And the way we've discussed that is to bring patients that carrier levels of sweat chloride. And that's really important because as those levels when you look at carriers of cystic fibrosis, they really have no manifestation of disease. And when you look at our own data, other published data, it is absolutely true that the better the sweat chloride results, which is a reflection of CFTR function, the better the outcomes for our patients. And the third big goal has been to get to the last 10% of patients. The VX-121 561 tezacaftor program is all about that big goal number two. Get patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. And certainly, it is the case that some patients on TRIKAFTA can get there. But we are looking to get many, many more patients to those levels, if not all patients, and that is VX-121 561 teza. And as I reviewed from what we see in the HBE cells, in terms of chloride transport, sweat chloride from the Phase 2 studies, and even ppFEV1, all these measures point us in the direction that this is possible with VX-121 561. And of course, we're busy in the labs working on even more efficacious molecules.
Operator: Thank you. I show next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I want to ask a little bit more about the FSGS study design. Can you talk about sort of the background therapies that patients will be on? And will they be on study background meds headed into the study? Or, will there be any changes ahead of the study? And when will you allow for the use of steroids? Just curious about some of the other factors. Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure thing, Lisa, in our Phase 2 study we are looking at patients who have APOL1-mediated FSGS with two APOL1 . And we are looking for patients with heavy amounts of proteinuria. We are allowing patients to be on background therapy. And we are looking for the double digit percent reduction of proteinuria that I was talking about earlier, on top of whatever background therapy our patients may be coming into our trial with.
Liisa Bayko: Okay. Great. Helpful. And then what
Operator: Sorry. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys, good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. So two questions on VX-121. Can you talk about where you're planning to conduct a Phase 3 triple combo study? And, is that going to be in the U.S. or outside the U.S.? Would you expect any medium-term impact to TRIKAFTA or KAFTRIO revenues? And then, it looks like the sweat core that you've observed, at least in the  was dose dependent. I'm wondering, do you feel you've fully explored the dosing curve here any safety or PD reason not to further dose escalate just given the high bar set by TRIKAFTA? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Brian, we are going to be conducting the study in the usual countries, U.S., European countries, the standard. Remember, both the studies in the VX-121 program are compared to TRIKAFTA or KAFTRIO, so this is not placebo controlled. So patients are going to be an active therapy in either arm, that obviously makes it a lot easier for patients to enroll into this study. With regard to impact on revenues for TRIKAFTA, no, we don't see any impact on revenues to TRIKAFTA. And with regard to how did we select the dose, how did we think about this program, we shared with you the results from the Phase 2 study. And as is the case with all of our programs, we take all of that data, we do quite a bit of modeling and simulation to settle on the best dose that maximizes efficacy, and has the greatest benefit risk profile. I think that's exactly what we've done with the regimen that we've selected. And as I mentioned, on my response to one of the other questions, what I see in these data with the regimen that we're selecting is in vitro chloride transport that is even better than TRIKAFTA. What chloride levels, which is the most approximate translation of chloride transport, so the sweat chloride levels in our Phase 2 trial that are higher than what we saw with TRIKAFTA. And ppFEV1, which you know, has greater variability that is also showing us potential to be better than TRIKAFTA. I have to say what is obvious, TRIKAFTA is a great medicine. What we saw in the clinical trials has been recapitulated in the real world. You heard Stuart talk about the longer-term data with TRIKAFTA that is just continues to look excellent. But we think we have something that might be even better than that with VX-121 561 tezacaftor, and I'm really looking forward to the Phase 3 results.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks so much, and congrats on the quarter. I just had a couple other APOL1 questions, if you don't mind. One was just on finding these patients. I know the study or at least preclinical trials, it's been going on for a little over a year, and the implied sample size is estimated to end up at around 10. Has it been difficult to find patients? Is genetic testing a headwind? And then second, Reshma, I know you talked about this is obviously a first study, double digit proteinuria is a goal. Can you just kind of contextualize that in terms of what thresholds have changed in proteinuria have predicted clinical benefit in the past? Is there some sort of minimum change that has been relevant to get FDA comfortable with accelerated approval? Thanks so much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. All great questions about the APOL1-mediated FSGS program. Let me start with the clinical trials and the enrollment and such. First and foremost, we are on track to have results in this calendar year in this second-half of the year. It has been a study that has taken some time to enroll, and I'm not surprised about that. The factors that we need to think about are, remember, the study started right in the midst of the pandemic, actually right when the pandemic was hitting a real high point in terms of case numbers here in the U.S. The second is that this is a disease for which we don't routinely employ genetic testing in renal medicine. So it takes a little bit of time to find the patients, genetically test them and have them enroll in our studies. And the third thing is APOL1-mediated FSGS is the smaller of the spectrum of APOL1-mediated kidney disease and the APOL1-mediated FSGS patients, because it's a smaller component, they are spread across the U.S. and they don't necessarily live close to a testing center. And so that was particularly difficult in the pandemics. With regard to what we are looking for, we are looking for percent decreases in proteinuria. And I think double digit decreases in proteinuria in this Phase 2 study, which is a first-in-class molecule for this genetically validated target would be just excellent. And the question around what is the agency looking for and such, it really depends on the kidney disease of interest. We are looking at a homogeneous kidney disease, it is all genetically defined. And I think that that falls into a category in and of itself. And as I said that there is no precedent for this, we are the first to bring a targeted of therapy for APOL1-mediated kidney disease. But I do think a percent reduction in the double digits would be very, very meaningful.
Paul Matteis: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Brian Skorney from Baird. Please go ahead.
Brian Skorney: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Mine is really on the diabetes program. Just strictly thinking about the opportunity in patients who are going to require lifetime immunosuppression, how do you think about differentiation from your cell line from sort of a cell trans donor cells, which, I think should probably get approved in the next month? Is there a supply constraint there due to sourcing that you think you overcome with the sort of the stem cell line? Are there other characteristics of differentiation that you think can make your technology work better? And then in terms of -- I know, you're working on sort of encapsulation for protecting the differentiated islet cells to reduce immunoreactivity. But are you exploring other ways, such as the induction of immunetolerance or cell editing to get around the need for immunosuppression as well? And any thoughts on sort of those pathways?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, really, really great questions, Brian, and thank you for those. I'm really happy to talk about the type 1 diabetes programs. I'm sure you can hear from the enthusiasm in my voice, it's one of the ones that is really holds enormous potential for patients. So let's just start at the very top of the funnel, there are more than 2 million patients, 2 million patients with type 1 diabetes in the U.S. and Europe. So the potential to help patients is enormous when you look at it from that perspective. I'll take your second question first about encapsulation, I do think that it will be important to have the cells being encapsulated in a device, or in some way be immune evasive, so that you don't require immunosuppressives to be able to get to all of those patients. I think that the device approach is elegant, because it has the benefit of simplicity. That's not to say that it's a simple device, but it is to say that the cells encapsulated with this device, then don't require any further manipulation which is elegant. That all being said, we are very interested in all other approaches, and we are pursuing other approaches to immune evasion. The lead approach is with the cells encapsulated in the device. With regard to the cadaveric cells and the cells that are available currently, the big differentiator and this is really important to understand because it's fundamental. Those cells are cadaveric cells. And those cadaveric cells have all of the limitations that have made the procedure difficult for patients to undergo. That is to say quality and quantity of cells are limited. Our approach is a stem cell derived, fully differentiated, insulin producing islet cells. And that makes quantity not an issue and quality not an issue. And so, that's really the foundational difference between our approach and the other.
Brian Skorney: Great. Thank you, Reshma. That's very helpful.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure thing.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our last question comes from the line of Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. Just a quick question on how youre kind of thinking about maybe kind of external deals, maybe are there an interest in kind of proof of concept? Are you still kind of focused on kind of earlier stage deal? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: I'm sorry, Alethia. We couldn't hear your question in the room? Could you repeat your question?
Alethia Young: Yeah. With your external deals kind of in the early stage or in the late stage? But then, I guess, just some thinking about maybe significant timelines with the  program being a little bit more delayed than we thought? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: I think the question is about deals, external deals, were looking at what phase might we be looking at?
Reshma Kewalramani: Alethia, we are interpreting your question.
Alethia Young: Can you hear me now?
Stuart Arbuckle: We can hear you.
Alethia Young: Yeah, basically, I'm just asking about kind of external timelines or external development, kind of aspirations like whether you're looking at more proof of concept deal? Or, are you looking at kind of earlier stage development programs, but you kind of have gone with in light of what's been going on without ?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. I think you're asking about business development and how were doing and external innovation. Alethia, we have been and we remain today very focused on innovation, both internal and external. And we've talked in the past about our areas of interest and how we view this, namely in CF in tools to augment our toolbox and assets that fit our sandbox diseases. All of those stay exactly the same. Our R&D strategy encompasses both internal and external innovation. You have never seen us invest more in our internal innovation. Our pipeline has both sources of assets, from our own pipeline and what we brought in from acquisitions like Semma and Exonics, and partnerships like CRISPR, and Moderna. And you should expect us to continue in the same way.
Alethia Young: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our Q&A session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Partridge for closing remarks.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, operator. Thanks, everybody, for tuning into tonight's call. The Investor Relations team is in the office, and we look forward to any additional questions that you have. Have a good night.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 00:25:40) =====
Company Representatives: Dr. Reshma Kewalramani - Chief Executive Officer, President Stuart Arbuckle - Chief Commercial and Operations Officer Charlie Wagner - Chief Financial Officer Michael Partridge - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Michael Partridge: Good evening. Welcome to the Vertex First Quarter, 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial and Operations Officer and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. 
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Thank you, Michael. Our goal is to continue to transform cystic fibrosis and other serious diseases, and in so doing reach more patients and drive future growth. One quarter into 2021, I'm very pleased with the progress we're making across the board in support of this goal. We are treating more patients with our CFTR modulators than ever before and our clinical pipeline spanning seven disease areas and three modalities has advanced significantly.  In addition, we continue to execute on our strategy to use external innovation to complement our internal innovation efforts, including two new deals announced already this year. I'll start with CF.  Vertex has built an exceptionally strong and durable franchise and earned a leadership position in cystic fibrosis. Our CF medicines have transformed the treatment of this disease and we continue to significantly increase the number of patients we're treating.  Our first quarter revenues totaled more than $1.7 billion, which represents a 14% year-over-year growth, and reflects the high level of treatment penetration of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and strong KAFTRIO launch in international markets. We're poised for continued significant growth in the coming years as we achieve additional approvals and reimbursement agreements for our medicines globally and as we bring our medicines to younger patients.  The clinical benefit that the triple combination delivers is remarkable, and with this medicine we believe we can treat 90% of all people with CF, but we are not stopping there. We are investing to the new and potentially better regimens such as the VX-121, VX-561 Tezacaftor combination to patients. This new combination is a once-a-day regimen with potential for enhanced patient benefit, as well as enhanced economics with the reduced royalty obligation. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Thank you, Reshma. Today I'm pleased to review with you our Q1 commercial performance and our excitement about the prospects for CTX001. 
Charles Wagner: Thanks Stuart. In the first quarter of 2021, Vertex continued its record of exceptional financial performance. First quarter total product revenues were $1.7 billion, a 14% increase compared to the first quarter of 2020 and these results included $1.25 billion of revenue in the U.S. and $470 million from outside the U.S. The ex-US results represent growth of 43% over the prior year, driven largely by the rapid uptake of KAFTRIO in countries where we have secured reimbursement, particularly England in Germany.  Our first quarter non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $530 million compared to $477 million for the first quarter of 2020. Expenses in Q1 were primarily driven by investment in innovation and we expect our R&D investments will continue to be substantial as we drive toward proof-of-concept data and further clinical and regulatory progress across our broad pipeline.  Our continued growth in revenues combined with carefully managed growth in spending, translates to a first quarter non-GAAP operating margin of 58%. With our strong revenue and profitability, we ended the first quarter with $6.9 billion in cash. Consistent with our corporate and R&D strategy, we're investing more in innovation than ever before, including external innovation. This was most recently exemplified by both our amended collaboration agreement with CRISPR and our new discovery collaboration with Obsidian Therapeutics.  Now, onto guidance. We are maintaining our previously issued 2021 guidance for total product revenues in the range of $6.7 billion to $6.9 billion. Our Q1 revenues were very strong, but they also include an approximately $50 million benefit from channel inventory fluctuations that are not directly reflective of underlying patient demand.  As a reminder, our 2021 guidance reflects our expectations for currently approved products in regions where we are reimbursed, plus an expectation of TRIKAFTA approval for the six to 11-year-old population in the U.S. in mid-2021. It does not include any additional reimbursements that we might obtain this year.  For non-GAAP OpEx, we are reiterating our guidance range of $2.25 billion to $2.3 billion. We expect to continue allocating greater than 70% of OpEx to R&D as we further advance our pipeline programs. We are poised to generate important clinical data from a number of programs over the course of the year, and these data sets will drive decisions on further investment. For our non-GAAP tax rate, we are guiding to a range of 21% to 22% this year.  In summary, I'm very pleased with our performance in the first quarter of 2021 and look forward to updating you on our continued progress over the course of this year. Now, back to Reshma for closing remarks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks Charlie. In sum, we've made significant progress across the business. We have confidence in and continue to execute on our innovation-based growth strategy. Our strategy is working and our investments, both internal and external are driving discovery and development of game changing new medicines. Vertex is delivering exceptional financial performance. Our CF business is poised to continue to grow and our broad pipeline continues to advance.  Thanks, and we'll now open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  And our first question comes from Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Michael, your line is now open. If your phone is on mute, could you please unmute it?
Michael Partridge: Operator, can you please move to the next question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I think the most common question we've been getting from investors recently is on AAT program, and it's what service proof of concept in the upcoming data that you're seeing? Can you maybe give us your most recent thoughts on what levels are necessary, what proportion of patients need to be responders and what not?  And then a second  question, in the past you've been guiding to moving another AAT molecule into the clinic this year. It did seem like from your prepared remarks that's still the case. Can you confirm whether there has actually been a change there and maybe give us a reason why if the guidance has changed? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey Phil, this is Reshma; let me take that for you. I think the questions really are, where are we with the 864 program? What are we expecting? What would be success and a little bit about the portfolio approach and other molecules, so let me take that in pieces.  So you know this, but to review for others on the call, we are taking small molecule correctors to refold the misfolded Z-AAT protein, that's our approach to this disease. And the reason it's important to understand that is that fundamentally this is the only approach that holds the potential to treat both liver and lung, hence our enthusiasm for this approach. VX-864 is in the clinic. You heard me in the prepared remarks talk about the fact that we've hit some really important milestones. We are done with enrollment. Our patients have completed the dosing period and they are now in the 28-day safety follow-up period.  Here's what I'm looking for from the study and what I would consider success. Really three things: The first safety. This is the first time we've had VX-864 in patients with AATD, so that's obviously front and center; second, a dose exposure or dose response relationship; and third, elevations in functional AAT level. That's really what I'm looking for and what I would be very excited to see.  In terms of the portfolio and molecule beyond VX-864, as with all of the programs in the pipeline Phil, we have a whole portfolio of molecules and that continues to be true for AATD as well.
Phil Nadeau: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Geoff Meacham: Hey everyone, thanks for the question. I just have two quick ones. On the updated economics with CRISPR on 001, was the decision based on ongoing data or was there some regulatory feedback or maybe commercial analysis? I know it's always better to lead a program when you can, but wasn't sure what the ultimate catalyst was for the deal? And then just a follow-up on AAT, just assuming that there is a clean safety profile, Reshma, do you view the corrector approach as kind of the only approach for Vertex or is there a thought that you're committed to AAT and may have other mechanisms of action, even more beyond what you have in the pipeline today? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure. Let me start with the question around the amended agreement with CRISPR. You know Geoff, it's a number of catalysts that happened over the course of you know the last, let's say, six to eight months that led us to amending the agreement.  If you go back to last year, between last year and now we have delivered proof of concept results from both sickle cell and beta-thalassemia. Not only that, but we have data that we've shown from 10 patients and the data is really nothing short of remarkable. We're also at a point now where we've dosed more than 30 people in this program and we are looking to complete enrollment in both beta-thal and sickle cell disease this year.  The program has a lot of momentum behind it and it is progressing overall even faster than we expected. You put that all together and this is really just a perfect time for Vertex to take the leadership role and bring the full weight of our experience and infrastructure and expertise to get to as many patients as possible, as quickly as possible. With regard to your question on AATD, you know the answer to your question around how committed are we? How do we think about this disease? This disease fits our strategy like a glove and we are exceptionally committed to AATD. With regard to the approach, there is no better approach to AATD than small molecule correction of the misfolded protein, right? The Z-AAT protein that is misfolded in the disease, that is the underlying cause of the disease.  And with the small molecule approach, you have the opportunity to target that underlying cause of disease and in so doing, treat both the liver and lung manifestations. So we are absolutely committed to AATD and to the small molecule correctors.
Geoff Meacham: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Michael Yee: Can you hear me now?
Michael Partridge: Yeah Michael.
Michael Yee: Okay, great. I actually have a question about diabetes. I know Reshma likes to talk about this, but actually there is data later this year. Can you maybe just comment about what proof of concept is, would it be surprising to see changes in HbA1c, etc., maybe just talk about the value of what would you see there realizing into the naked cells. Thank you so much.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, yes. Hey Mike, I think you're asking about the Type 1 diabetes program and just to understand a little bit about the background and maybe a little bit about where we are and I certainly heard your question about when we can expect to see some data.  Okay, so the Type 1 diabetes program is a cell-based program that comes really in two flavors. One, let's call it the naked cell approach, that's the one that had the IND cleared earlier in the year. That's the one that's in patients; the study in patients is ongoing right now, the Phase 1/2 study and that program is in the Phase 1/2 stage. The second one is the Cell Plus Device program. Now, let me just step back and explain two more things here. There is very little biological risk in terms of the approach that we're taking to Type 1 diabetes, right, because we understand very clearly what the cause of disease is, its autoimmune destruction of pancreatic islet cells. Maybe more importantly, we have known for many years that islet cell transplants lead to great outcome in patients with Type 1 diabetes, that is already known. Islet cell transplants have been done for years. The issue has been the quality and quantity of cells and that's exactly the solution that Semma and now Vertex are bringing forward. So with the naked cell program, this would be about let's say, 60,000 patients, these are patients with severe diabetes that I think could benefit from this program, which would include chronic immunosuppression. If we go then to the CELLS IN DEVICE program, there are over a million people just in the U.S. and an equivalent number in the EU with Type 1 diabetes that could benefit from the CELLS IN DEVICE program, that of course would not require any immunosuppression.  And with regard to timing, so the naked program is cleared its IND; it's in the Phase 1/2 now. You recall that we're starting at a lower dose and then just like with CTX001, we would then get to the target dose. And I would say that just like the CTX001 program, you should think of it as an efficient program and a reasonable number of patients will give us a good sense of the profile. And I would say that you should have a mindset toward 2022 for a data readout from that process.
Michael Yee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Cory Kasimov from J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my question. On the strategic front, on the heels of the expanded deal with CRISPR, as well as a smaller city in collaboration, just curious if we should be thinking about business development or M&A any differently going forward. I know there is some recent expectation of larger deals to come. Is that still the plan or are we kind of looking at the smaller earlier stage ones where you can add more of your expertise? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Hey, this is Reshma again. Let me take that one for you. Our business development or external innovation strategy is exactly the same as it has been over the last several years and what I mean by that is, we're looking for assets in CF that complement our internal pipeline, we're looking for tools to expand our toolkit and we're looking for assets that fit our disease areas of interest. And when I say that, I mean assets that we Vertex could add value Research Development Regulatory, etc.  I've been really pleased with the deals that we've done. You could look at Semma or Exonics as examples, but you could also just look back in the last couple of weeks with the amended agreement with CRISPR Therapeutics and the collaboration agreement with Obsidian. That's what you should think about when you think about our external innovation approach and you should expect to see more of the same.
Cory Kasimov: Okay, helpful. Thank you,
Operator: And thank you. And our next question comes from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Salveen Richter: Thanks. On the 11 microMolar threshold for AAT serum levels, how are you thinking about that in the context of dose response and what you're trying to ascertain with the upcoming Phase 2 data. And then just a second question, if you could just remind us where you stand on the in vivo CRISPR/Cas 9 work on Duchenne and DM1?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure Salveen, this is Reshma. I could answer those questions for you. Let me tackle DMD and DM1 first and then I'll come back to AATD.  So we're making good progress on the DMD and DM1 programs that are both in late preclinical development. Obviously, you've seen what's been going on in the field with regard to real setbacks that others have experienced and what we're doing is being very deliberate and very careful about process development, analytical development, dosing, and we are making progress in those regards. I'm eager to share with you when those programs will come into the clinic, but that's for another day. With regard to the AATD question, you know there is no magic number here. What we're looking for from this proof-of-concept study is the totality of the evidence and as I mentioned, that is safety, that's a dose responsiveness, dose exposure and what I mean specifically by that is that there is an association with higher dose to greater exposure or greater response and certainly elevations in functional AAT levels. I'm eager to talk to you about the data in the next steps and we're very close now. I fully expect that the data readout will be later this quarter.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. And our next question comes from Mohit Bansal from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Mohit Bansal: Great, thank you. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on all the progress. Maybe a question again, one other question on AAT. Our checks suggest that AAT levels do fluctuate naturally in human body depending on if you are in acute phase or not and to that end, let's just say if you see some elevation in functional AAT levels from VX-864 trial, is there any reason to believe it could be just due to a chance alone, especially with these patients, rather than being in effect of the drug?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah Mohit, this is Reshma. I really do understand your question and Mohit what we're talking about when I say, I want to see elevations in functional AAT level is real elevation and when I say we're looking for dose responsiveness, that's part of what we're looking for right. We are looking to see that exposure increases with dose and that responsiveness, the actual functional AAT levels varies with dose. Those are all elements of what we're looking for. But when I say functional AAT levels go up, that's what we're looking for; I mean real elevations in functional AAT levels.
Mohit Bansal: Got it. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Liisa Bayko from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask a little bit about the pain program. You started to talk about it a little bit more VX-548. Can you maybe talk about how it's different from VX-150. Its actually made it quite far into the clinic. And in terms of your kind of intentions clinically, I know you're setting some acute indications that you're going to be eventually set in chronic as well as or is this not suited for chronic? Those are my questions. Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, yeah, sure Lisa. Let me break this up into two parts and I'm going to take the first and I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on the second, I'm going to tackle the things that you need to know from an R&D perspective and I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on the commercial prospects here.  Three things Lisa to know from the R&D perspective. First, the target. The target here is Nav1.8. That is important to note because Nav1.8 is a genetically validated target, but it's also a pharmacologically validated target and exactly right, it was VX-150 that had positive Phase 2 proof-of-concept readouts across three different pain indication, acute, neuropathic and let's call it musculoskeletal pain. The second thing to know is our approach with VX-548. So VX-548 as it's emerged from its Phase 1 trial, it really has all of the properties that we're looking for, not only in terms of safety and tolerability, but also PK and exposure and at doses that are considerably lower than what we saw with our previous Nav1.8 inhibitors, including 150 and that obviously has significant benefits in a multitude of ways, but including in formulation and manufacturability.  And the last thing I'll say on the R&D side is we're starting with acute pain, bunionectomy will be first and then abdominoplasty. We're doing that because the pathway to registration is a visceral or non-visceral indication. Acute pain as the name implies, it's a very short duration of treatment, its a couple of days and we've done bunionectomy studies before. We know how to do it. So that's kind of how I'm viewing that. I am going to turn it over to Stuart to tell you a little bit more about the market size and the opportunity there.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, hey Lisa. So in the acute and neuropathic segments of the pain market, they are both currently multi-billion segments of the market, both largely dominated by generic currently and both in need of significant innovation, and so we are looking to bring forward an agent, which is both superior in terms of efficacy and tolerability and as a result of that, we believe it will be used in a great deal of patients in both of those segments and because we are targeting that superior profile, we think we'll be able to compete in a really, really strong way with generic opioids and also genetic pregabalin in the neuropathic segment of the market.  Both of those are markets which are served by a relatively concentrated group of prescribers, and so we feel that those segments in particular play into our overall corporate strategy of focusing on specialty market.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gena Wang from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Gena Wang: Thank you. I will also ask one question on AAT and Reshma, you mentioned that those responses also have one very important criteria. Can you share with us like how did you choose doses in the Phase 2 study? And do you also anticipate further dose escalation if Phase 2 data showing still have some room or either not reaching optimal or the safety looks good, were you planning to dose further up?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, Gena the way we choose our doses for AATD are really the same as we do for all of our programs. You know our programs in CF very well, and maybe thats a good example to talk through. What we are really looking at is our in-vitro data and translating what we see in our models into the clinic and into the patients. Obviously, we have a track record of doing that quite well in CF and that is exactly the same methodology that we use here in AATD.  If I just elevate a little bit Gena, what I think your question behind your question might be is Gosh! How confident are you that you're going to be able to bring forward a medicine for this disease? How confident are you in this mechanism and in general, how do we view this? And let me be very clear about that. We are committed to this disease. This disease fits our strategy like a glove. We've been working on this mechanism for many years and we feel high confidence that we have the right approach and I'm looking forward to sharing with you the data. As I said, that's going to be coming out very soon in this quarter.
Gena Wang: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas from Truist. Your line is now open
Robyn Karnauskas: Very good. Well done! So two really quick questions. So with the triple, the triple combo 121, I know you haven't talked a lot about it, but what sort of control arm would you need? What is the angle, you know advancing that program? What kind of expectations that you have with that program on patent?  I think my direct question would be, youve always said if you get into Phase 2, you did want to partner first to go into Phase 3. So is that still the case? Do you think a partner would want to partner in? Will it be a big deal for you to go into chronic pain and that would be a catalyst for you as well. Is that still the plan for pain and then going back to 121, educate us on what plan is for that? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hey Robyn, it's Reshma. Let me do pain first. We are focused on acute pain and neuropathic pain and those are both pain conditions as you heard Stuart say, that we believe to be Vertextian  and to be managed in the specialty markets manner, in which we feel very comfortable. So that's what we are focused on, acute pain first and then neuropathic is what we're looking at.  What you've heard us say in the past is when we get to considerations in musculoskeletal pain for example, that is not something that we would commercialize, but what we're talking about here is acute pain and neuropathic pain. Going to CF, the next wave of combination of potentiators and correctors is indeed the combination of VX-121, VX-561 and Tezacaftor, and really what we're looking at here is a combination that has the potential to have superior efficacy for patient, once a day dosing and also improved economics, and what I mean by that is going from royalties that are in the low double digits to low single digits. We are wrapping up our conversations with regulators on that program and we are readying that program to go to Phase 3, which I expect will happen later this year.
Robyn Karnauskas: Reshma, how do you get there? That will be a great encasing of this case for your Vertex shareholders? How do you get  convert people to that drug? Do you have a sense of how you would go in that direction?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, yeah. You know Robyn when we bring molecules forward into our late-stage development like the 121 Tezacaftor, 561 combination, we are doing so because we have full expectation that we are going to be able to do something that is better for patients. We are all about first-in-class and best-in-class and we aim to out-innovate ourselves. And so bringing this forward to patients is about having better efficacy once-a-day dosing for them.  There is of course going to be a control arm and I fully expect the control arm to be the triple combination and triple combination is a fantastic medicine. It has the potential to treat up to 90% of patients in what we see in the real world in terms of efficacy, has been what we saw in the clinical trials. So yes, indeed this is a very high bar, but that is what we're aiming for.
Robyn Karnauskas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Harrison: Great! Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Stuart, I was wondering if I could just get you to comment in a little bit more detail on uptake across the European countries where you do have reimbursement and then maybe give us some sense for the timeline of what you're thinking about in terms of the countries where you don't yet. Thanks very much.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, hey Matt, thanks for the question. Yeah, the uptake in the countries outside the U.S. where we do have reimbursement has been very, very strong indeed, almost superimposable on what we saw here in the U.S., both in terms of uptake, but also in terms of the levels of persistence and compliance that we've seen, and that's what's really driven the strong growth of our ex-U.S. revenues in Q1 versus the same period last year and so we've seen a 43% growth over the same quarter last year. So that's very, very impressive as theyre driven by uptake in those markets where we already have reimbursement.  We are continuing to make good progress in getting reimbursement in new countries. Indeed during the first few months of this year, we have added new reimbursement agreements in places like Finland and Israel and Switzerland and we're continuing to work with the countries where we have regulatory approval, but don't yet have reimbursement in Europe. That would be countries like France, Italy and Spain. Obviously, we recently received regulatory approval in Australia. We're working with payback there and obviously we're still waiting for regulatory approval in Canada.  What I can tell you is that we continue to feel very, very confident that we are going to get both regulatory approvals and reimbursement agreements in those countries and that's why we continue to believe that we have very strong growth in our CF franchise in the years to come.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
Brian Abrahams: Hey guys, thanks so much for taking my questions. Just a couple of quick ones on AAT. From your ongoing work, do you have a sense for how long it might take to reach steady state levels of functional AAT in the serum? I guess I'm just wondering if we should look at the 28-day data as a snapshot in time or reflecting the full potential agent and then how functional would the corrected AAT detected by our SAB relative to Wild Type? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, this is Reshma. I could take both of those for you. From all of the work that we've done preclinically and in our modeling work, 28-days is going to be sufficient for us to reach steady state and I think that data that we get from this Phase 2 proof-of-concept study is going to be very helpful.  With regard to whether or not the AAT, the corrected AAT is functional or not. We are indeed going to be measuring antigenic AAT levels, but we're also going to be measuring functional AAT levels and those assays are reasonably straightforward. So I don't think that that's going to pose any challenge. 
Brian Abrahams: Thanks. 
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Just to complete the thought Brian, in all of these events that we've done, the corrected protein that we produce with the small molecule approach is the same as Wild Type.
Brian Abrahams: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Alethia Young : Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the quarter. I guess I just wanted to talk a little bit about kind of when you think we might start to see some novel conditioning regimens for CTX001, and do you think that's something that possibly could happen relatively soon after potential commercial launch or do you think a couple of years from kind getting into a more kind of tolerable condition and regimen? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, this is Reshma. Let me address that one for you. You know the conditioning regimen as we talked about earlier is really important in opening up this opportunity for the patients beyond that original 32,000 that we discussed, that I think are severe enough that they would be amenable to busulfan-based therapies, right and that's why I do think at the initial launch will be with current conditioning regimens.  That being said, I do also believe it's a matter of when, not if, gentler conditioning regimens will be here, and the reason I say that is we at Vertex are working on gentler regimens, CRISPR Therapeutics is working on gentler regimens, as are a number of other companies. There are targets that we already know about there are cell surface markers on hematopoietic stem cells that are the specific cells that we wanted to target, those are already known as PD1-17  for example and the payloads are already known as well.  And remember, this gentler conditioning regimen has potential use for both oncology indications, as well as what we would be looking at in terms of sickle cell and beta-thal. So net some, there is a lot of work in this area. I do think it's a matter of when and not if, and I think that this is something that is in the near future.
Alethia Young : Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Matteis from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Paul Matteis: Hey, thanks so much. I wanted to ask one more question on business development. Might be my mistake, but I kind of get a sense over a couple of prior quarters that you've been more open to doing larger transactions and then when we look at the balance sheet this year, you made close to $10 billion in cash. What's your thought here on deal size and I guess you had said Reshma more of the same. So does that mean we shouldn't really expect a deal thats say, bigger than a billion or so and maybe more likely a number of kind of smaller strategic transactions? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey Paul, you know it's all about our strategy and I laid out our business development strategy a few minutes ago. It's not about deal size and I'm not going to add to the speculation, but you should feel high confidence that the strategy is exactly the same.
Paul Matteis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Skorney from Baird. Your line is now open.
Brian Skorney : Hey, thanks for taking my question. I was hoping  I wanted to kind of get some of your insights on the gene-editing approach for DMD and how to kind of think about the various mutations that occur in dystrophin and how do you correct it? Well, sort of they are used to the various mutations based on the Exonics skipping the amount of full groups, but even within those areas there seem to be many unique mutations.  So I guess when you think of gene-editing, would you have to tackle each one of these mutations in a separate product or is there something out of the box in terms of an edit that can be done to sort of tackle the whole disease landscape with one product?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, yeah. So when you talk about DMD, right, there are two fundamentally different approaches to this. One is this microdystrophin which many others are doing, not us, and our approach which is based in CRISPR gene-editing to reframe the reading of the code on it, so that we can produce full-length or near full-length protein, right. So when you think about the advantages and disadvantages of each, and there are, the potential advantage to a microdystrophin approach is that it's a singular approach for multiple Exon. The disadvantage of course is that it's a  its not anywhere close to a full-length protein.  Our approach is the full-length protein, which has the great benefit of being what is exactly the protein, that is what we are trying to target. So having full-length protein is critically important. And what we see as the approach here is to come forward with the first Exon and then to have an approach and an agreement with regulators that once we have that first Exon that those 2nd, 3rd, 4th would be far more efficient and obviously our intent is to bring those forward on shorter timelines, because the bulk of the work will have been done with the first Exon.
Brian Skorney : Got it. So then just to clarify, would the approach to the added beta like effectively edit out the entire Exon 51 in the case of an Exon 51 amenable mutation?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Maybe I could explain it this way. What we're really talking about to get to all of the mutations in DMD, we would need a few vectors, just a few different guides and then we could get to all of the amenable mutations. And remember, the big picture item here really is a bigger difference than whether we need to have one vector or not. It will take a few vectors and a few guides.  But the more important issue is the microdystrophin, a very short-form of the protein that are not expected to provide the benefit of the full-length protein, and you know that in January of this year there was the first readout of a randomized controlled trial using microdystrophin and it was not a positive trial. That's why the bigger picture item to keep in mind here is that our approach is a near full-length or full-length dystrophin.
Brian Skorney : Great, thank you.
Operator: And thank you. And now, I would now like to turn the call back over to Michael Partridge for closing remarks.
Michael Partridge: Thanks operator. Thank you all for tuning into our first quarter conference call. The Investor Relation team is available tonight if you have additional questions. Have a good night and you can now disconnect.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participating and you may now disconnect. Thank you and have a great day!

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-01 19:23:10) =====
Michael Partridge:  Relations for Vertex. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. Dr. David Altshuler, Chief Scientific Officer, and Bastiano Sanna, Chief of Cell and Genetic Therapies will join the Q&A portion of the call following the prepared remarks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: I'll begin this evening's call with comments on our 2020 performance, and then turn to the pipeline, including an overview of a number of our R&D programs, and upcoming milestones. 2020 was an unprecedented year for governments, businesses, and people around the globe. It was also a remarkable year for Vertex. Despite the challenges we all faced against the backdrop of the pandemic, Vertex delivered extraordinary commercial performance generating $6.2 billion in product revenues, representing more than 50% growth compared to 2019. We also meaningfully advanced the pipeline and significantly strengthened our financial position. Vertex has discovered and developed medicines that have transformed the treatment of cystic fibrosis, and the latest of these TRIKAFTA or KAFTRIO, as its known in the EU, has the potential to treat up to 90% of patients with cystic fibrosis. In 2020, the first full year after TRIKAFTA approval in the U.S., the number of patients with CF treated with our medicines increased substantially. And by the end of the year, the vast majority of eligible patients, 12 years and older in the U.S., were on TRIKAFTA. In Q3, we received early approval for KAFTRIO in the EU and also secured reimbursement in England. By the end of the year, with direct access at marketing authorization in Germany, portfolio agreements in Ireland and Denmark, and the reimbursement deal in the UK, thousands of patients across the EU gained access to KAFTRIO. In terms of next steps in CF, we have line of sight to continued significant growth as we expand access to the triple combination to more patients in the EU, secure approvals in new geographies, as well as extend treatment to patients with rare mutations and younger populations, starting with the 6-to-11-year olds in the U.S. We're also advancing additional small molecule combination regimens and other approaches that will further define our long-term leadership in CF. Our goal remains to bring transformative therapies to all people with this disease.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thank you, Reshma. I'm pleased to review with you our continued strong commercial performance. Our Q4 global revenues were $1.6 billion, with full year revenues of $6.2 billion. This reflects significant growth over 2019 as we launched TRIKAFTA and KAFTRIO in the U.S. and EU respectively. As expected, in addition to considerable continued U.S. demand for our medicines, we saw a significant increase in revenues from outside the U.S. in the fourth quarter, following the approval and launch of KAFTRIO. Starting in the U.S. It is now well over a year since the launch of TRIKAFTA. And we have made tremendous progress in bringing TRIKAFTA to nearly all eligible patients, 12 and older, as reflected in our Q4 revenues. In 2021, our commercial focus now turns to maintaining the very high rates of persistence and compliance that we have seen to date, and we anticipate that these rates will normalize over the coming months. We expect the majority of near-term growth for TRIKAFTA in the U.S. to come from approvals in rare mutations and younger age groups. TRIKAFTA was recently approved for patients 12 and older with rare mutations, and the FDA recently accepted the sNDA for 6 to 11 year olds and granted it priority review. We expect an approval around midyear. In Europe, enthusiasm and interest in KAFTRIO amongst the CF community is high. Our fourth quarter revenues reflect substantial uptake of KAFTRIO across all countries where patients have access, most notably in the larger markets of Germany and England, where the majority of eligible patients have already been initiated. We are seeing similar uptake in other countries where we have secured reimbursement agreements, including Ireland, Scotland, Wales and Denmark. We remain focused on continuing the launch in these countries, as well as completing new reimbursement agreements to provide all eligible patients across the EU with access to our medicines. We have high confidence that as was the case in the U.S., ultimately, the vast majority of CF patients in the EU will be treated with KAFTRIO. However, while the destination is the same, the journey to get there will be different. In addition to the time and work required to secure new reimbursement agreements, the COVID-19 pandemic also presents significant uncertainties around the rate of uptake for our medicines. We are conducting fully virtual launches in the EU amidst evolving country level COVID lockdowns. The ability of patients to attend in-person consultations with their physicians, as the pandemic continues, is a dynamic we are monitoring closely.
Charlie Wagner: Thanks Stuart. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we continued our exceptionally strong financial performance. And of note, Q4 was our first quarter with more than $1 billion of sales for the triple combination, a significant accomplishment for the commercial team. Fourth quarter total product revenues were $1.6 billion, a 29% increase compared to 2019, bringing our full year revenues to $6.2 billion, an increase of more than 50% compared to 2019 revenues of $4 billion. Our fourth quarter revenues included $1.21 billion in the U.S. and $421 million in revenues outside the U.S. Our ex-U.S. revenues for the quarter grew 70% over the prior year, driven by the uptake of KAFTRIO and our other medicines following the completion of several reimbursement agreements over the last year. Our fourth quarter 2020 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $539 million, compared to $496 million for the fourth quarter of 2019. And our full year expenses were $1.98 billion, compared to $1.69 billion in 2019. Our full year expenses reflected increased cost to support the rapid global expansion of our CF business as well as targeted investment in expanding our pipeline into new disease areas and progressing our high priority clinical programs.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Charlie. 2020 was an unprecedented and grueling year for the entire world. And while these challenges have not yet subsided, I have confidence that science will lead the way out of the pandemic and we look forward with optimism. Throughout the past year, Vertex has demonstrated our resilience in the face of these challenges, and this was reflected in our business performance and pipeline progress. Vertex has a proven track record of creating breakthrough medicines and transforming lives. We have an ambition to transform many more diseases, and our pipeline of small molecules, cell and genetic therapies are poised to do just that. Thanks. And we'll now open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with J.P. Morgan.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Two of them for you. On the AAT program, has the IDMC been taking regular looks at the 864 safety database, and would you characterize this as a situation where no news is good news on the safety front or is that still premature where you are in enrollment? And then also on this program, what's the -- in terms of relative levels of functional serum AAT, what would give you conviction that you're on to something here and provide added confidence going into the next stage of development? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey Cory, this is Reshma. Let me take both of those questions for you. The AATD program is indeed followed very carefully as we do all of our programs, honestly, from a safety perspective, and that is just part of what we do. So, that is ongoing. With regard to levels and maybe broadly speaking, what are we really looking for from this VX-864 Phase 2 proof-of-concept study, really three things. The first is safety. This is the first time that VX-864 is going to patients with AATD. The second is PK and exposure, and the third is increases in functional AAT levels. I'm also going to be looking to see if there is a dose effect relationship. The key here, remember, is that this is our first time to close the loop on cracking the biology. That's to say, if we see levels of functional AAT increase in this study, we see a dose effect, what that tells us is that the mechanism that we projected to be the mechanism that could target both lung and liver raise AAT levels, we got it. And as I always say, we divide drug development at Vertex into two parts, cracking the biology, pouring on the chemistry. Pouring on the chemistry is the easier. It is not easy, but it's the easier of the two parts. And so, that's what we're really looking for is assessment of safety, PK, and we're looking for elevations of functional AAT levels.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: So, one question here on the CF guidance. Could you just comment on how you're accounting for uncertainty related to the pandemic? And what reimbursement agreements or approvals could be expected this year that are not accounted for? And then, secondly, you made a comment about your BD strategy, and I recognize while it's aligned with R&D, but at the same time is there any clarity you can give us with regard to areas of focus, size of deals, and how much of an interest do you have in technologies as you look to kind of fill your tool box there?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Salveen, this is Reshma. Why don't I start us off with the second part of your question, and then I'm going to ask Stuart to just comment a little bit more on the launch dynamics in the EU and a little bit more about the U.S. I think that will cover your question on CF. So, Salveen, with regard to BD, what we're really talking about here is an interest that is exactly the same as the strategy we've laid out for many years, probably the last eight years now. We are interested in assets that complement our internal efforts in CF. We're interested in assets that fit our R&D strategy. And you know, our R&D strategy is very, very diligent. We are very serious about the causal human biology and biomarkers and transformative potential, specialty markets. It has to fit all of that. And we're looking for tools that fit our toolkit. We've transacted in these areas. A lot of the recent transactions like Affinia and Skyhawk and Ribometrix fit those tools, and you should expect to see us continue doing that. We've also transacted on -- I think Semma is a great example. It's a good one to talk about today given the clearance of the IND. Acquisitions like Semma that fit our R&D strategy like a glove and those that have transformative potential. And if you're thinking about, okay, what kind of falls in and what falls out, you can think back to a slide we showed at J.P. Morgan with our funnel, if you will, that goes through our criteria, certain diseases fall in. Clearly, things like CF and AATD and APOL1-mediated kidney disease, but other examples of diseases that fall in would be Huntington's Disease, would be polycystic kidney disease. And then, there are diseases that fall out because they don't fit our criteria, criteria like specialty markets or understanding of causal human biology or having biomarkers that translate well. Stuart, I'm going to turn it over to you to tell us a little bit about the CF market.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks, Reshma. So, Salveen, just I'm going to break down what's incorporated into our guidance into U.S. and ex-U.S. and talk about what the drivers of growth are. So, in the U.S., as you know, the vast majority of eligible patients across all patient groups have been initiated on TRIKAFTA in the U.S. during the course of 2020. And so, incorporated in our guidance is the kind of the annualized effect of those patients having been initiated, offset to some degree by persistence and compliance, which we expect to normalize during the course of 2021. In terms of growth drivers for the U.S., probably the most notable is the expected approval of TRIKAFTA for 6-to-11-year olds, which we expect to happen in the midyear. Moving to ex-U.S. We have obviously launched the KAFTRIO triple combination in those markets where we do have reimbursement agreements, like the UK and Ireland and Denmark or markets where you can get early access, like Germany. And the majority of patients actually have already been initiated in those markets, the launch has gone very strongly. We do anticipate, obviously, initiating more patients in those countries. But, we have only included in our guidance, countries where we already have pricing and reimbursement agreements. So, to the last part of your question, which is where else would we be seeking pricing and reimbursement, the major countries in the EU where we were continuing to seek reimbursement are France, Spain, and Italy. Obviously, as Charlie said in his prepared remarks, it's impossible for us to predict exactly the timing of when we will reach those agreements. And for that reason, we don't include them in our guidance. Outside of the EU, obviously, the major countries are Australia and Canada. In both of those, we have filed for regulatory approval and are also in parallel seeking reimbursement approval as well. Again, those are not included within our guidance. And then, if I can just kind of turn to the longer term because obviously, 2021 is sort of one year in a long journey that we've been on. We continue to believe that we will be able to treat up to 90% of patients with CFTR modulators, like the triple combination, over time. That has for a long time been our goal and continues to be our goal, and we still feel very confident, if not more confident than ever that we're going to get there over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen.
Phil Nadeau: I also had a follow-up on AAT and VX-864. I was curious whether the team has come to any further understanding of what tripped up VX-814 was -- or the issue of idiosyncratic to the molecule or class effect and maybe an extension of that. In the past, you had noted a difference in exposures between exposures between healthy volunteers and patients with AATD. In any way, could that be a sync effect because there's a lot of protein aggregating the liver? And if so, how could that be overcome?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. This is Reshma. Let me answer those questions for you. I think, the best way to think about the AATD program is the following. We are very enthusiastic about the mechanism, because it's the only one that holds the potential to treat both, liver and lung. 814 was simply not the right molecule. And unsurprisingly, because the study was terminated early, we didn't fully enroll it, and patients who were enrolled didn't all complete the trial. There's not much more we can learn there. We are looking forward to VX-864 and those results. The study is enrolling. We are dosing patients, and we need to be a little bit more patient, but it's not that much longer now. We will have the results this half -- this first half of 2021.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hey, guys. Thanks, and congrats on a great quarter and great year to close out. I had two questions. One was on BD, maybe Reshma or the team, mid to late-stage can span a whole gamut of size and market cap and certainly, financial resource capacity. Vertex is a much bigger company now, much more cash, but mid and late-stage and different sizes can mean different things to different people. Can you maybe just comment about where Vertex's balance sheet or where you strategically feel comfortable along the range of sizes of what that can be, whether that's $5 billion, $10 billion, $15 billion? Maybe just think about that, which is the other side of doing a deal. And then, the second question, you made a nice comment about CF and how you're advancing the cycle there. I know there was a super corrector that had really high levels of chloride transport and there's also a once-daily potentiator. Can you just remind us where those are, and if those are still moving forward and doing well? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hi Michael, it's Reshma. Let me take the second question first, and then I'll come back around and talk a little bit more about BD. So, the once-a-day potentiator is VX-561. And you're right. We have been busy at work. David Altshuler, the team in San Diego have been busy at work with the development of more correctors. We have the combination of VX-121, let's call it, a next-gen corrector; VX-561, that's the once-a-day potentiator; and teza, that's made its way through Phase 2 development. And you'll remember, the agency asked us to also do a monotherapy study with VX-561. All of that's been completed. And what we're really doing now is looking at all of the data, planning forward to our regulatory interactions. And as soon as we get through all of those, we'll certainly give you an update on that program. Just remember, at a high level, drug development in CF going forward is going to be completely different than anything that's come before it because there is no placebo anymore. And so, don't be surprised if you don't hear from me on this program until we are through all of the conversations and we're ready to give you concrete next steps. But, I'm very pleased with how that's progressed. Okay, let's tackle BD. Let me take a couple of minutes and just really walk you through this in a little bit of detail. When I think about where we are in terms of the business today and where we're going, and then try to give you a little bit more color and texture behind capital allocation and BD, here's a way to put it all together. If you look at the Company three years ago, so back to January 2018. We were active in the clinic with programs in patients. So, I'm not counting healthy volunteers, just patient-based studies, in CF and pain. That's it. That's where we were. Fast forward three years, and we are now -- if I count the type 1 diabetes program, which is going to be going into patients very quickly, we're looking at molecules in six disease areas right now in patients, right? And if I count the pain molecule in healthy volunteers, that's seven. So it's very different. If I think about revenues, 2018 January, I think we had closed out the previous year, it's something a little bit north of $2 billion. And if I think about cash, again, a little bit north of $2 billion. Where we are today, we closed out 2020 with revenues of more than $6 billion, in cash close to $7 billion. We are indeed in a different place. And it's really that different place that allows us to think about mid and late-stage assets. And that's a way of indicating the balance sheet and the strength of the balance sheet. I want to be very clear that the strategy is exactly the same what I outlined previously. And if I just focus in on the assets that fit our R&D strategy, we are now able to look at, for example, Phase 2 assets, assets that might be in Phase 3, and those are assets that we're going to look at. We're also going to continue to look at tools for our toolkit. I'm not looking at -- I have no preconceived notions about the timing of a transaction and I have no preconceived notions about the dollar amount of a transaction. It has to fit our R&D strategy. It has to be transformative. We have to be able to add value. And, when we find that asset, and we have the patience and the judgment to be very thoughtful about that, we're going to be ready to evaluate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: I just two main ones. Charlie or Stuart, you guys recently updated your assumptions on the CF epidemiology. Can you address what data helped you -- helped lead you down that path? And whether this updated view of the CF market by patients is reflected in your 2021 outlook? And then, second question, Reshma, when you look at the pipeline and strategy, you guys have been obviously busy on the BD front, but essentially have maintained somewhat of a rare disease or specialized focus. I know, you've been reluctant to label yourself an orphan drug company, but is it fair to say that future BD could be similar, or as a bigger company, could you go after larger indications that share the same spirit of having transformational efficacy? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on CF epidemiology first, and then I'll come back for your second question.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thank Geoff, thanks for the question. So, as you noted and just to ground everybody, we recently updated our view on the epidemiology of CF in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia from 75,000 patients living with CF in those countries or regions to 83,000. And the reason that drove that change was really improvements in data quality and capture in the various registries and indeed some establishment of new registries in these regions. We periodically review all that data. And on our latest review, it was obvious to us that over the last few years, the epidemiology had increased. Just to answer a question you didn't ask, but one that we have been asked consistently is, was that increase concentrated in any one country, any one region? It really wasn't. It was really an across the board phenomenon. And something that's not uncommon as well in rare and orphan diseases is when you have really great transformative medicines, often you see increases in the number of eligible patients, and we believe that was also a factor here. In terms of whether that new epidemiology is included in our long-term -- our 2021 guidance. Absolutely, it is. That's the denominator that we are using now. And indeed, a number of those patients are already being treated with our CFTR modulators in the U.S., Canada, Australia and the EU.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey Geoff, it's Reshma. I'm really glad you asked the question about rare disease and orphan drugs. So, you know the reason I don't like calling us a rare disease company because we aren't a rare disease company. What we are is a company that is about specialty markets. And the best example I can give you of that is type 1 diabetes and our Semma acquisition. So, when you think about type 1 diabetes, it's well over 2 million people, right? So, far away from being a rare disease that suffer from type 1 diabetes. And the key there is that the Semma acquisition and the cell-based therapy holds the potential to be transformative. So, you're very correct, that is a key that we are looking for. And the type 1 diabetics are treated by endocrinologists, a specialty group. So really, the key for us is not rare disease, but specialty markets. And type 1 diabetes is the best example.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mohit Bansal with Citigroup.
Mohit Bansal: Couple of questions. One for Stuart, if you could help me understand that -- you did talk a little bit about new prevalence numbers for CF in these developed markets. But, when you look beyond these markets, likes of Latin America or even going as far as China, I understand the prevalence is lower there and incidence is lower on a population basis, but it's not zero. Do you still think about expansion opportunities outside of these core markets at this point? And, the second part is more on the R&D side. As you mentioned, so can you help us understand for VX-147 trial, how are you thinking about meaningful reduction in proteinuria there? Because these patients, if I understand correctly, they start at urine protein to creatinine ratio of 9 or 10 at sometimes?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, sure. Stuart, do you want to start? And then, I'll take 147.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Mohit, so absolutely, you're right. The 83,000 patients living with CF is specific to the U.S., Canada, EU and Australia. But, in terms of other markets, we continue to believe that there are patients in other countries that we could serve. Indeed, we have established an affiliate in Brazil. And we are in the process of securing reimbursement for our medicines down there. The issue really with the epidemiology in some of these other countries is that it's much less robust, much less mature, and we have much less confidence in it than we do in some countries, like the U.S. and the EU, where the prevalence of the disease is much higher and there are much more established and longstanding registries. So, we continue to see opportunity to serve patients outside of those core markets, but those are the ones where we have a really, really good handle on the epidemiology.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: And Mohit, about your question with regard to VX-147, to remind everyone, that's the small molecule that we are studying in Phase 2 proof-of-concept for FSGS, focal segmental glomerulosclerosis. You're right. It's a disease that is unfortunately unrelenting heavy proteinuria, usually in the nephrotic range, so more than 3 grams. And what happens to these patients is they either progress onto dialysis or to transplantation. We're looking here as we are for all of the programs, for a transformative effect. And to me, that would be double-digit protein reduction. As I said, for the AATD question with regard to what are we looking for from the Phase 2 study, safety, first time if you're going into patients; PK; and in this regard, proteinuria. And a double-digit decrease in proteinuria would be great to see and something that I'm going to be looking for. I'll remind everyone that we do expect the results from that study this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: A couple of quick follow-ups. On the BD side, I know there has been a lot of discussion around potential indications or disease areas you're interested in. But, if you take a step back, you guys have your hands in gene therapy, editing, mRNA, a bunch of different tools. Are there any platform modalities that you don't have your hand in that are especially interesting to you? And then, on APOL1, one quick follow-up, Reshma. We did a few doc calls and the feedback was how you interpret the proteinuria data in part depends on the severity of the population and how heavily pretreated they've been by the standard of care. Is there anything you can tell us about the patients you're enrolling in this study? Thanks so much.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. With regard to the patients that we're enrolling, these are patients with heavy proteinuria. There is some -- as you say, there is some background treatment that patients can be placed on, including steroids. But unfortunately, these treatments are not particularly effective. And even when you sometimes can see effect, the durability is often not there. So, we're studying heavy proteinurics, and that's what we're looking at. With regard to your question about tools for our toolkit and what do we have? We are really about transforming diseases. And when you are committed to transforming diseases, the key is to not let the tool be limiting. You know that a small minority of the protium can be impacted by small molecules, for example. And so, if we're going to target a disease and we can't get there by small molecules, we're certainly going to get there with one of the other modalities. And I'm going to ask David Altshuler just to give you a couple of words on mRNA therapies that we are working on, some of the collaborations we've done and give you a sense of where we are with our gene editing tools. David, do you want to make a couple of comments?
Dr. David Altshuler: Sure. Thanks, Reshma. As you said, our strategy starts with the disease and we select a target which is validated as playing a causal role in the underlying biology of the disease. And then, we either invent or through partnership, we'll find the tools and technologies needed. In the case of CF, aiming for therapies to get at the last 10% of people who don't make a protein and won't benefit from our CFTR modulators, we collaborated with multiple companies, including Moderna, as you mentioned, for mRNA therapy. In other cases, we've identified a small molecule approach. But, we think that adding, for example, protein degradation technology, such as through our collaboration with Kymera or drugging RNA, I should say, as with our collaborations with Ribometrix or Skyhawk are the right way to approach those diseases. And you will continue to see us do deals and partnerships where there's a particular technology that opens up a target that we think has transformational potential, and we'll continue to do those as time goes on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Cantor.
Alethia Young: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions Congrats on all the progress. And I guess, I just want to talk a little bit about this, VX-880 IND. Can you talk a little bit more about kind of your clinical trial plans and designs, or how you kind of plan on navigating in light of COVID in that transplant population? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hey Alethia, thanks so much for the question. I'm really very enthusiastic about the VX-880 program. This is the cell-based therapy program for type 1 diabetes. It's actually pretty remarkable that we are at a point where we can now very seriously think about this therapy going to patients, and being on the brink of being able to see results. This is a disease and an approach and a clinical trial that I would think about like CTX001 in our CRISPR approach to beta-thal and sickle cell disease. It's a single-arm trial. The cell therapy product goes directly into patients. There is no healthy volunteer step. And I would say that in a reasonable number of patients, we're going to be able to tell what the performance of our therapy is, the out -- the measures that we are looking at, the outcomes are very straightforward, glucose, hemoglobin A1c, C-peptide level. And so, I think this is the brink of something very special, and I'm very eager to see this program progress.
Alethia Young: Any impacts from COVID, do you think, or is it going to be pretty straightforward to navigate that?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. COVID is something that is top of mind for all of our clinical trials for sure. But, that being said, this is an approach that is done in specialized centers, and I don't see us having a lot of challenge with it, if the COVID pandemic continues in this way, which is to say vaccines are coming, people have learned how to manage, and hospitals are able to continue to do clinical trial work, and so that part looks pretty good to me.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gena Wang with Barclays.
Gena Wang: Thank you for taking my question. I will also follow Alethia's question regarding 808. Just wondering, Reshma, any particular benefit goal -- benefit you want to achieve with say glucose or anything you can share with us that will lead to the next step for this program? And my second question is regarding the CTX001 for the complete --the trial -- currently the trial enrollment completion anticipating 2021, that's 45 patients each for beta-thalassemia sickle cell, could that be registration trial for the next step?
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. There are two questions, one about CTX001 and one about type 1 diabetes. Let me take the CTX001 question first, and then we'll come back around to type 1 diabetes. So, with CTX001, really remarkable, but you are correct. We are looking to complete enrollment in both trials, beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease, and we're looking to do that in 2021. And yes, I do anticipate that the patients that we're studying in these trials that are ongoing will be the patients that constitute the regulatory package. As you've heard us talk about before, we've initiated those conversations, but we have not yet completed them. So, we're looking forward to doing so this year. But yes, I do expect these patients to be the composition of our filing package. On the VX-880 program and what are we looking for? So first things first. This is the first time that these fully differentiated, stem cell derived, insulin producing islet cells are going to patients. So, what we're really looking for is to get to our clinical trial sites with urgency. We're looking to get the cells dosed. We're evaluating safety. And the outcome measures are really fairly straightforward, C-peptide, glucose, hemoglobin A1c. And what we're looking for here is obviously to see an impact in terms of bringing down blood sugar and being able to see C-peptide levels drive an indication that there is insulin. It's a little too early to call exactly what the results will be and such. But, I am very excited that we're on the brink of enrolling patients and getting these trials up and running.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Skorney with Baird.
Brian Skorney: Also sticking on the type 1 diabetes program, I was wondering if you can kind of help us understand how your program differs from sort of the historical islets cell transportation -- transplantation. I understand it comes from stem cells, but maybe kind of walk us through any engineering or process that goes into the derivation of the cell that ultimately gets transplanted and how you sort of plan to try to mitigate immunosuppressive effects? Thanks.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. What a great question. And again, thanks so much for asking it. I guess, you must be hearing my enthusiasm just brimming over. So, the way I would think about the type 1 diabetes program is really two programs, and I would think of them as two separate programs. The first one, the one for which the IND just cleared, let's call that one the naked cell program. I would expect that there are maybe 60,000 people who could benefit from that naked cell program. That program does require immunosuppression. And the way I get to 60,000 is maybe there are 10,000, 15,000 people who have type 1 diabetes have end-stage renal disease because of their type 1 diabetes, and for that reason have had a renal transplant and are on immunosuppressive anyway, and then, maybe another 40,000 or so people with very brittle diabetes who would be comfortable with immunosuppression for the benefits that the cell therapy would bring them. Now, of course, the high fruit here is the cell plus device program. For that second program, we are in late preclinical development. The really important thing to know there is that the Semma team prior to acquisition, and one of the reasons we were so excited about the Semma team coming into Vertex is that they designed using the right material, the right geometry and a clear understanding of how to avoid the pitfalls of fibrosis, allowing oxygen to flow, allowing insulin and glucose to flow but not allowing the immune cells to attack the cell-based therapy. So, that program is particularly exciting because that does not require immunosuppressives. As we make progress on that program, we'll certainly keep you updated, but that is making its way through preclinical development, late preclinical development right now.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with Evercore ISI.
Liisa Bayko: Hi there. I'm just going to jump on the bandwagon and ask a couple more questions on this note. Can you maybe speak to sort of how curable a pancreatic islet cell transplantation is today? What you think might be different with VX-880? And then, a little bit about durability, I understand it's quite durable. And then, just a final question on inventory. Were there any inventory build in Europe, let's say, given the recent launch of TRIKAFTA or anything like that to note? Thank you very much.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey there. This is Reshma. Well, I'll start with type 1 diabetes and keep on that theme, and then I'll ask Charlie to comment on inventory. Okay. So, the question that you asked is an excellent one, and it is how should we think about our cell-based therapy vis--vis what's been done with pancreas transplant or islets cell transplant. All right. So, maybe three or four key things to know. The most important, by far, in a way, the most important thing to know is this. We know exactly what causes type 1 diabetes. It's autoimmune destruction of the pancreatic islet cells. And, we know that when you can replace those cells, be it by whole pancreas transplant or islets cell transplants, you get benefit. So, we know those two things. What's the problem? Well, the problem is the quantity and quality of islet itself. That is actually the essence of the problem, not that we don't know that this will work. We know it will work. And the real seminal discovery here that the Semma team made, and that was so exciting to us is they developed a way to take stem cells differentiated, fully differentiated into insulin producing islet cells and make that in industrialized quantities. And so, now what we have is the quantity and quality of cells to give -- to transfuse, to transplant into patients with type 1 diabetes. So, that's really what the real discovery here has been and why this program is so exciting to us. Charlie, from that excitement to an inventory question that I'm going to ask you to address.
Charlie Wagner: Yes. Thanks. And I'm going to take this opportunity actually to give a plug to our colleagues in the supply chain and manufacturing organization. I think, the most noteworthy comment I can make about inventory is that those teams have worked flawlessly throughout the pandemic to ensure that we have inventory available for our patients to ensure that we were ready for the KAFTRIO launch in Europe and to ensure that we'll be ready for future launches in 2021. I think your question of course is specifically about the impact on revenue. I could tell you that there was nothing noteworthy in the fourth quarter or in our 2021 guidance related to inventory levels.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Michael Partridge for closing remarks.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, operator. So, we're at the one hour mark. We will conclude the call here. I know there are other folks in the queue who didn't get a question, but the Investor Relations team is in the office tonight and happy to take your questions. And, thank you very much for connecting tonight.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening. Welcome to the Vertex Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. David Altshuler, Chief Scientific Officer, will join the Q&A portion of the call following the prepared remarks. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our pipeline, and Vertex's future financial performance, are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we will review on the call this evening are non-GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Michael. I'll begin tonight with a few general comments across the business and then provide details on our R&D programs before turning it over to Stuart for a review of the commercial performance. First, starting with CF. 2020 continues to be a remarkable year for our growing CF business. Our performance through the third quarter was driven by the strong TRIKAFTA launch in the U.S., and we are building on that progress as we launch KAFTRIO, as a triple combination is known in Europe. Based on our year-to-date performance, we are again revising upward our 2020 product revenue guidance to $6 billion to $6.2 billion. There are two important aspects that characterize our outlook in CF, and I want to be sure to provide a perspective on both. The first is growth, which has been exceptional. 2020 is poised to deliver more than 50% growth in revenue over 2019, and we see significant top and bottom line growth beyond 2020. Driven by 3 factors: expansion of the triple combination geographically, expansion of our medicines to lower age groups and additional mutations, as well as the development of a treatment for the last 10% of CF patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. There's two ways to think about this growth. Near term, even for the CF population who are currently eligible and reimbursed for our medicines, there are many patients who have yet to begin treatment. And beyond that, there are at least 20,000 more who we anticipate will become eligible through label, geographic and reimbursement expansions. Stuart will go into more details on these growth drivers in a moment. The other aspect of our business I want to address is leadership. We have a strong leadership position in cystic fibrosis, and we believe this will last a very long time into at least the late 2030s as a base case when considering the high bar set by the significant benefit of TRIKAFTA to patients and the patent coverage for this regimen.  Turning to the pipeline. Our pipeline reflects a deliberate strategy of investing in serial innovation, both internally and externally to develop first-in-class or best-in-class treatments for serious diseases. The diseases we pursue are selected based on the understanding of causal human biology, target validation and biomarkers with high fidelity from bench to bedside. Once we begin working on a disease, we are relentless in our pursuit of a transformative therapy. Because drug development is an inherently high-risk endeavor, we strive to increase our chances of success by advancing a portfolio of drug candidates for each disease so that we can bring the very best one to market. This strategy is working exactly as expected and it is the reason for our success in CF. And this is exactly the same approach we are applying to every pipeline program. With this strategy, Vertex has advanced a broad and deep portfolio with first-in-class programs in the clinic in 5 different disease areas outside of CF. The programs in sickle cell disease, beta-thalassemia, FSGS and alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency are already in patients. And the type 1 diabetes program is projected to be in patients next year. A number of these programs have the potential to read out important proof-of-concept data between now and the end of '21. Individually, each represents a potentially transformative treatment for a serious disease. And collectively, they represent a very large opportunity.  Some compounds will inevitably fail, and some programs will not fulfill their early potential. In terms of the Vertex portfolio, not all of the molecules will succeed. And not all of them have to, even if 2 or 3 of the programs succeed, and we firmly believe that they will, the return on investment for the innovations that emerge will create exceptional outcomes for patients and drive exceptional returns for our shareholders. That is our R&D and corporate strategy. Lastly, a few words about the AATD program. This program is an example of our portfolio approach at work. The recent discontinuation of VX-814 is disappointing. But it is neither unusual nor extraordinary to have a clinical program discontinued in early or mid-stage development. This is a potential for any molecule, and it is anticipated in our overall strategy. Hence, our portfolio approach. That is to say, the advancement of multiple molecules in parallel, through research and into early clinical development. Our enthusiasm for the AATD program is not diminished. And it does not change how we think about VX-864 or our follow-on molecules. Let me now turn to reviewing some of our R&D programs in more detail and highlight some specific upcoming pipeline events. Starting with CF. We have completed the study of TRIKAFTA in patients 6 to 11 years of age and are on track for filing this quarter with a potential approval in 2021. The Phase III study in TRIKAFTA for 2- to 5-year olds is also now underway. And lastly, we continue our efforts in nucleic acid therapies to bring forward a treatment to the last 10% of CF patients who do not make any CFTR protein and hence, cannot be served by CFTR modulators. On this front, I'm pleased with our second collaboration with Moderna, and the preclinical progress using mRNA to serve the last 10% of CF patients. Moving to AATD. The Phase II study of VX-864 is ongoing and continues to enroll and dose patients. This Phase II study is a dose-ranging proof-of-concept study in approximately 40 people with AATD. The duration of treatment is 28 days, followed by 28 days of safety follow up. We expect to see results from this program in the first half of 2021. We're also advancing additional small molecule correctors through preclinical development with a goal of at least 1 new corrector entering the clinic next year. Next, the CTX001 program. Our gene editing program in transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease is gaining momentum. As you will recall, data at the EHA conference in June included the results for 2 patients in the beta-thalassemia study, which provided clinical proof-of-concept for CRISPR-Cas9 ex vivo gene editing in this disease. Results were also presented for 1 patient with sickle cell disease. Also in the summer, we updated you on enrollment and dosing progress, noting that a total of 7 patients had been treated with CTX001, and all had successfully engrafted. Since then, we have enrolled and dosed additional patients across both studies.  Given the progress across these trials, we look forward to reporting additional clinical data including more patients and longer durations of follow-up by the end of this year. With regard to the APOL1-mediated FSGS program, enrollment is ongoing in our Phase II proof-of-concept study of VX-147. Evaluating the safety, pharmacokinetics and reduction in proteinuria over 13 weeks. We expect to obtain initial data from this study in '21. And with our cell therapy for type 1 diabetes, we have completed the required IND-enabling studies and manufacturing work, which were key priorities in the first half of the year, and we are on track to submit an IND application to the FDA before the end of this year. We expect the first study to focus on islet cells alone, and I'm optimistic about the progress we're making. This program is important in so many ways, including the number of patients who are living with this disease and the approach which holds the potential to truly transform this condition. In summary, we've made strong progress across the business in Q3, and we are well positioned for continued growth in CF and continued advancement of our portfolio of small molecules, cell and genetic therapies across multiple different disease areas. And now over to Stuart. Stuart Arbuckle: Thank you, Reshma. I am pleased to review with you this evening, our continued strong commercial performance. It is amazing to think that TRIKAFTA was first approved in the U.S. just a little over a year ago. The response to the product has been incredibly positive. Payers recognize the value of the medicine and provided almost immediate access for eligible patients. The CF community enthusiastically welcomed the approval and CF centers have worked tirelessly to initiate treatment for patients even during the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, today, the vast majority of eligible patients in the U.S. are now being treated with TRIKAFTA. Total CF product revenues for the third quarter were $1.54 billion, reflecting this impressive uptake in the U.S. We continue to observe that patients are maintaining the relatively high levels of personal inventory that they built up at the beginning of the pandemic. Moving forward, we are focused on maintaining the high rates of patient persistence and compliance that have been important factors contributing to our revenue performance in the year-to-date. In late August, we were delighted to receive an earlier-than-expected approval for KAFTRIO in Europe. We have begun to execute what is our first fully remote launch. Despite the challenges posed by COVID-19, which continues to surge in Europe, our team has enabled patients to access KAFTRIO in multiple countries. Germany, which provides immediate access to new medicines, and other countries where we secured reimbursement for the triple combination ahead of approval, including England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales and Denmark. We are also working to secure reimbursement and access for all eligible patients in countries where we don't yet have agreements in place. As in the U.S., enthusiasm in the CF community is high. And over time, we expect the vast majority of patients will be treated. We expect the impact of the KAFTRIO launch to become a significant driver of growth starting in the fourth quarter. All of these factors and their potential impact on results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2020, are reflected in our revised revenue guidance, which Charlie will review in more detail. I am pleased by the progress we've made in bringing our medicines to patients to date. Our teams are working hard to ensure that we are able to reach all eligible patients with CF as quickly as possible after regulatory approval. And we expect to see continued revenue growth in CF beyond 2020. Our goal remains, as it has always been, to treat the 90% of all CF patients who might benefit with our CFTR modulators. While we have made great progress towards this goal, our job is far from done. Today, there are still many patients who, although they are eligible and have reimbursement and access to our medicines have yet to start treatment. These patients are primarily in Europe, and our teams are working toward treating all of these patients. As we think about our CF business heading into 2021 and beyond, there are more than 20,000 patients who we believe will become eligible for our medicines as we achieve additional regulatory approvals and secure future reimbursement agreements. The key expected drivers for our near and long-term growth in CF include: first, reaching reimbursement agreements for KAFTRIO in additional countries in the EU; next, regulatory and reimbursement approvals for the triple combination in additional geographies, such as Australia; third, regulatory approval and reimbursement of the triple combination in children age 6 to 11; and finally, continued label expansions and reimbursement in younger age groups and additional mutations for our portfolio of CF medicines.  We remain steadfast in our belief that we will be able to treat 90% of all CF patients with our CFTR modulators in the years to come. And we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. I am very grateful to the CF teams at Vertex in both the U.S. and internationally, who have delivered tremendous results during these challenging times, all in service of our shared dedication to patients' living with this life shortening disease. It is because of this commitment to delivering for our patients that I have high confidence in our ability to reach all eligible patients with our CFTR modulators. Finally, I would like to thank once again the CF community for their commitment to collaborating with us to reach our shared goals. Charlie will now review our third quarter results and financial guidance. Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. In the third quarter of 2020, we continued our exceptional financial performance headlined by the strong results with TRIKAFTA in the U.S. Third quarter total product revenues were $1.54 billion, a 62% increase compared to 2019, bringing our year-to-date revenues to $4.58 billion. Our third quarter revenues included $1.22 billion in the U.S. and $314 million in revenues outside the U.S. Revenues from outside the U.S. in the third quarter grew 31% over the prior year driven by continued uptake of our medicines following the completion of several reimbursement agreements late last year. And as Stuart mentioned, KAFTRIO launched late in the third quarter so we expect to see increased contribution to international revenues in the fourth quarter and beyond. Our third quarter 2020 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $497 million, compared to $416 million for the third quarter of 2019, bringing our year-to-date expenses to $1.44 billion. Our expenses in 2020 reflect increased cost to support the rapid global expansion of our CF business as well as targeted investment in the expansion of our pipeline into new disease areas and the progression of several important clinical programs. The significant continued growth in revenues, combined with more moderate growth in spending, resulted in year-to-date operating margin of 57%, and year-to-date operating income of $2.6 billion, an increase of 118% compared to operating income in the first 3 quarters of 2019. Year-to-date net income for 2020 was $2.06 billion compared to $945 million in the first 3 quarters of 2019. With our strong revenue and profitability, we finished the second quarter with $6.2 billion in cash. Consistent with our corporate strategy, our top priority for capital deployment is to reinvest in innovation, both in our internal R&D engine and an external innovation aligned with our R&D strategy to accelerate the development of transformative medicines for serious diseases. In summary, Vertex's exceptional financial performance represents an attractive combination of growth, profitability and scale that is unique among large-cap biotech. Now to guidance. Today, we are pleased to once again revise upward our 2020 financial guidance for total product revenues to a range of $6.0 billion to $6.2 billion, which at the midpoint reflects 52% growth over 2019. This revised guidance primarily reflects the ongoing and impressive performance of TRIKAFTA in the U.S., our current view of persistence and compliance trends and the impact of the KAFTRIO launch on fourth quarter revenue. For non GAAP OpEx, we are maintaining our guidance of $1.95 billion to $2 billion, with the vast majority of the year-over-year increase concentrated in R&D. With the expansion and progression of our pipeline in 2020, we are poised to generate important clinical data and results across our programs in coming quarters. The progress of these programs will be the primary driver of further investments in 2021 as well as investments in critical technologies and capabilities. For example, we expect our Vertex cell and genetic therapies efforts to remain a priority as programs enter the clinic and advance further in clinical development. This include investments in our ongoing CTX001 Phase I/II program and our type 1 diabetes program, which we expect to move into patients as we initiate a Phase I/II study next year. Lastly, due to changes in the utilization of certain tax assets, we are revising our 2020 full year non-GAAP tax rate guidance to a range of 20% to 21%. I would note that the benefits that lower our 2020 tax rate are not expected to repeat, so our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to remain at 21% to 22% in subsequent years. Now back to Reshma for a few concluding remarks. Reshma Kewalramani: As we head into 2021, I'm very pleased with both, the achieved and potential growth of the CF franchise and the breadth of our pipeline. Our strategy of investing in internal and external innovation is working with more CF patients becoming eligible and receiving treatment, with CFTR modulators and our portfolio of first-in-class and best-in-class therapies advancing, providing additional confidence for our long-term growth. I want to make a point of recognizing the progress of our R&D teams, especially in diseases outside of CF, with a broad pipeline of potentially transformative programs. Throughout our history, we have built this differentiated pipeline now extending to five diseases already in the clinic outside of CF by investing in game-changing science, research and development. With continued internal innovation in our labs as well as external innovation through business development, such as partnerships with CRISPR Therapeutics and our acquisitions of Semma and Exonics, we are on track to deliver multiple programs into the clinic and multiple proof-of-concept readouts in the coming year. This proven R&D and business development strategy of investing in transformative science and medicines internally and externally, is core to our current success. And it will continue to be so as we move forward into 2021 and beyond. I look forward to updating you on the progress across the business and the multiple R&D programs in the clinic in the coming months. Thank you, and we'll now open the call up to questions. Operator: . Our first question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen & Company. Philip Nadeau: It sounds like, based on our conversations over the last week, investors are really trying to figure out whether the issue is with 814 or mechanism-based or molecule specific. And therefore, how optimistic should we about -- be about 864? So I'm curious, how do you think about that particular question? And in particular, were there any differences in bioavailability in the healthy volunteer studies between the two molecules? Or anything from the preclinical studies that you can point to that would suggest 864 won't have the same issues with LFT elevations that 814 did? Reshma Kewalramani: Phil, this is Reshma. Let me start with that question, and I'm going to ask David Altshuler, who's with us, to comment further. You're asking a really important question about whether the findings with 814 should be considered molecule specific or should be considered on mechanism. And there's another question in there about how different is 864 from 814. So let me just tell you where we are, and then I'll ask David to give you some color. From all of the data that we have and our understanding, I have no reason to believe that this is on mechanism. I believe that this is molecule specific idiosyncratic to VX-814. And 864 and 814 are different chemical entities. And I'm going to ask David to give you a little bit more color on the on mechanism versus 814 and then tell you specifically a few differences between these molecules, which are clearly different molecular structures. David? David Altshuler: Thank you, Reshma. And thanks for the question, Phil. First, with regard to whether or not these are on mechanism or idiosyncratic findings in 814, although we don't know, and of course, we can't know for sure, we see no reason to conclude that the LFT findings are on mechanism. There's really 2 lines of logic there that we think are most convincing. The first is that it is very common to have LFT abnormalities as a cause of programs stopping in early development. And these are typically chemical based, not mechanism based. The second is that with regard to a specific interaction of our mechanism and hepatotoxicity, I'll just note that we have done multiple studies in mouse models that carry the human ZAAT gene, where the polymers are seen and liver histology and injury happens. And in those models, and we treat with our small molecules, not only do we see no evidence whatsoever of hepatotoxicity. We actually see improvement in liver histology. And so common things being common and the specific chemical nature of most LFT abnormalities, combined with the mouse data, makes us think that it's premature to conclude that it's mechanism based and we certainly look forward to the 864 data. Finally, just to close, you asked about 864 and 814. They're chemically different molecules. They have different structures. 864 is multifold, more potent than 814 and does have different physical properties and metabolism. And these really represent 2 different opportunities to treat the disease. And just to close in our CF experience, we put multiple next-gen correctors into the clinic. We saw that different molecules, even in the same class of quite different properties. And so that actually underlies our portfolio strategy. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Salveen Richter: On the AAT program, can you speak to your third-generation compounds and how you might be able to optimize them on the Ford? And I have a second question. Reshma Kewalramani: Salveen, I think you were asking about the generation of compounds coming behind VX-864 for AATD. And I'm going to ask David to make some comments. The one thing I'd like to say is, as I said in my prepared remarks, once we have a disease in our sandbox, we are absolutely relentless about pursuing a transformative therapy. And in the case of AATD, but honestly, across our entire pipeline, our approach is defined by this idea of bringing multiple molecules in parallel forward up through early development. And that's exactly what's happening in AATD. David, do you have any points that you want to make about the next-generation of molecules? David Altshuler: Just that we've been working for some time as we always do, to have multiple scaffolds to get improvements in potency in properties and all of the features you would look for and we're excited to move forward molecules that are in late preclinical development that would have a differentiated and improved features. Salveen Richter: And then secondly, can you just speak to your business development strategy on the Ford? And if this initial setback has changed this outlook as well as maybe commenting here on your mRNA and CRISPR-Cas9 programs and kind of where they stand in terms of moving into the clinic? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing. Salveen, let me take that. This is Reshma. Now we have had a long interest in business development. We have this fundamental belief in investing in innovation, be it internal or external. Last year, you know we did over $1.5 billion worth of business development activities. And that interest remains. Our desire to have business development be one and the same in terms of strategic approach with internal R&D, that remains. And very specifically, our 3 pillars of interest, that remains exactly the same. That is to say, we are interested in CF, particularly in technologies that could help us with the last 10%. We continue to be very interested in tools like we did deals with Affinia and Moderna and Arbor and others. And we are very interested equally in assets that could tackle diseases that are in our Sandbox. Now the one thing that has changed, I think, pretty obviously, is our growing financial strength. And we certainly have the capacity to do more deals or bigger deals. And from that perspective, what we are really focused on is our strategy. And we're prepared to use our balance sheet for business development opportunities that fit within this very disciplined strategy that I've laid out.  I'll quickly get through to our mRNA. I think you must be asking about the collaboration with Moderna. I'm pleased with the way our teams in San Diego and Moderna are working together on the CF last 10% program. And with CRISPR-Cas9, that is in partnership with CRISPR therapeutics. As you heard in the prepared remarks, since the summer and since EHA, we've enrolled more patients, we've dosed more patients.  Those early results were very impressive to us, two in beta-thalassemia and 1 in sickle cell, that we presented over the summer. And for sure, those are small numbers of patients. But it is really a functional cure for those patients. And we're very much looking forward to the results that we intend to share before the end of the year with more patients being treated and longer duration of follow-up. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Geoffrey Meacham: I just have a couple. One, Stuart, with COVID accelerating in Europe and countries going into full quarantine. The question is, what, if any, are there tweaks to the launch plan? And then the second question, Reshma, I thought the stock reaction after the AAT setback was a bit overdone, but it is implying that there's not a lot of investor confidence in the portfolio behind CF. So to put an emphasis on Salveen's question. Is there urgency to move the pipeline to mid- or late-stage through a larger scale BD? The pipeline is broad. It just seems like it's early, it won't catch up in time for when CFs potentially starts to moderate growth wise? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me ask Stuart to go first, and then I'll come back for the second part of your question. Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Geoff, thanks for the question. So obviously, the reaction from the community to KAFTRIO in Europe has been high exactly as we saw here in the U.S., and we fully expect, over time, that we will treat the vast majority of eligible patients. The real question is, how quickly are we going to get to that destination and obviously, there are a number of factors that are important there. But clearly, one is the ongoing and rapidly changing pandemic.  In terms of changing our launch planning, which I think was your question, it really hasn't changed our launch planning at all. We had been planning since March for a fully virtual launch, and that's what we are executing right now. Obviously, that causes some uncertainty, the pandemic leads to uncertainty about how easy it will be for patients and physicians to interact. So that's why it's certainly uncertain as to how we will -- how quickly we will get to that kind of peak uptake. The early trends are, I have to say, very encouraging. Obviously, in this quarter, we were just a few short weeks into the launch, but the early trends are encouraging. And as I say, we expect to get to the vast majority of them over time. The real question is just how quickly we get there. Reshma Kewalramani: And about your question for the pipeline, including business development, I think if I just stand back and reflect that, I think you're really talking about how do I see growth in the coming years, the next decade. Let me parse that out into 2 parts. We have to be very careful about making sure that we don't forget about CF. So where we are in CF, as you heard Stuart talk about, we are at a place where we have TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO, which can serve up to 90% of patients. But that is not all today. It means that there are some patients in some geographies where there's regulatory approval and reimbursement, but we haven't yet gotten to those patients.  And then, of course, there's the 20,000-plus patients that we are going to get you to with future approvals and reimbursements. And then there is the last 10% of our CF patients. So that is multiple years of getting to more and more patients and by treating more and more CF patients, more growth for the company. Then let's go very specifically to the non-CF pipeline. And I want to make sure I take a minute to really go through this. The non-CF pipeline today, this is not in the future, this is not 1 year from now, it's not even a few months from now, today. The pipeline is already in Phase II. So it's in proof-of-concept stage in 5 disease areas. And let me just make sure I take another minute and just underline a few important points. In the CRISPR CTX001 program, beta-thalassemia, we shared clinical proof-of-concept results in beta-thalassemia over the summer time frame. We anticipate proof-of-concept results for sickle cell disease by the end of this year when we shared the data from the patients who are currently going through their treatment. That's two. AATD, and this one is really important. You'll remember that 814 and 864 were, let's say, 6 months apart, something like that. It's certainly months apart, not years apart. And while disappointing, our strategy fully contemplates that molecules and programs may not succeed. And that's why 864 was already in the clinic already in Phase II, and we do expect those results in the first half of 2021. Moving on then to FSGS, that's also in Phase II. And then just to go a little bit more into the pipeline, the type 1 diabetes program, that IND is going to go in by the end of this year, which means that's going to be in patients now, that means in patients, not in healthy volunteers, but in a Phase II in patients in 2021.  So I think when you really carefully look at the pipeline and you stand back and say, "Where are we really?" I think we're in a really good place, 5 disease areas already in the clinic with more coming through up in the pipeline and much to look forward to even in the last few months of this calendar year. And what I mean by that is the 6 to 11 in CF, that application going in, the CRISPR data coming out and the IND for type 1 diabetes. I hope that helps. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Paul Matteis: One AAT and one commercial, if you don't mind. On AAT, in the 814 press release, you mentioned that analysis of the PK data from the study indicated the exposure levels were low. Did -- were you implying that they were lower than seen in healthy volunteers? And if so, what would you kind of make about that? Could that have anything to do with the fact that these AAT patients may have livers that operate differently? And then commercially, just one question on ex-U.S. price. I know you're not going to disclose granular details. But as you think about price of TRIKAFTA, or the triple outside of the U.S. in year 1, with the country mix you're launching in initially, how might that compare to kind of the long-term price that you're anticipating? Reshma Kewalramani: Well, let me take the first part of your question first, and then I'll ask Stuart to comment on ex-U.S. pricing. So with regard to 814, that study is obviously an incomplete study. What that means is that we don't have all of the patients in all of the dose groups, completing the full treatment period, and we're in the process of closing out that study and bringing all that data in. From the data that we did have access to, what we see is that the exposure across the dose range is lower than the target exposure that we were looking for. And the target exposure that we are looking for is the range at which we expect, let's call it, therapeutic elevations of AAT levels to have occurred. Now when we think about -- well, gosh, why is there low PK? There's a standard list of things one thinks about. And yes, you're right, that healthy volunteers are different than disease patients in the fact that one's healthy and one has the disease. But there are actually a number of other fairly obvious, but nonetheless, differences.  Differences in age, differences in gender, diet, concomitant medicines, formulations, et cetera. So those are the kinds of things we think about. Absolutely, as we bring in all the data, we're certainly going to evaluate all of that. I think the important point, though, is that 864 is the medicine that's in Phase II, and we're looking forward to the 864 study to give us a full view of this pathway and this mechanism. You asked a question in there, before I turn it over to Stuart, about livers. There's about 100,000 people in the U.S. who have AATD and we have no evidence that they react differently to oral medicines. So I don't have any evidence of that. Stuart, over to you for the question about pricing in Europe. Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Paul, I think it's important to think about the 2 types of countries that we are able to get the medicine to immediately. So the first one is countries like Germany, which provide immediate access and there, because of the structure of the German market, you get immediate access for patients at the list price, whilst you negotiate of price over the next 12 months. Whereas in contrast, countries like the U.K., Ireland, Denmark, where we negotiated prior to the approval, the negotiated price for KAFTRIO there, we are essentially selling at our final price, as it were. So moving forward, we're going to be entering more and more markets where we have negotiated prices. Your question was, how will the negotiated price compare, really hard to say because we haven't finalized those negotiations. But in general, I'm expecting our negotiated prices to be as they are for our other medicines, in a pretty narrow range across Europe because we know that the products provide the same value and benefit to patients no matter what country they're in. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young from Cantor. Alethia Young: And I just wanted to kind of ask another one around AAT. Just can you talk about some of the scientific work that you've done to kind of address when you were formulating these molecules, kind of the efficiency that's going to be needed to kind of clear the large amount of AAT created? I know you've been very thoughtful about that. So just wanted to get some more detail on that. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure. Thanks. I'm going to ask David to give you some color of how we think about this molecule. I think what you're really getting to, Alethia, is that the -- AAT as a protein is an abundant protein. And I'll ask David to give you some of our insights. Obviously, we're not going to give you the answer to this question because it's a nonobvious insight that our scientists had, but David will give you some color. David Altshuler: Sure. Thank you for the question. One of the reasons we've been excited and remain very excited about this program is because it's the only approach that has the potential to address both the lung disease and the liver disease in this important condition. And the key thing to the question you're asking and why the solution is so promising is because although there is a lot of AAT made, 1 molecule of the drug can refold or appropriately fold, I should say, more than 1 molecule of AAT. So it's really not a concern that we have based on all the experiments we've done in molecules and cells and animals about whether or not 1 molecule can do. And it just underscores our commitment to beyond 814 and obviously being very excited about 864, also other molecules because this mechanism has so much problem. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Michael Yee: Great. Two part question around AAT. I guess you can see from some of the questioning that maybe there is a hypothesis that some of it might be mechanism-based either because it's specifically a liver-targeted drug, and you're actually trying to buy in aggregates in the liver. So I guess my question is, one, how confident are you that it's not something mechanism related there other than the preclinical model since it's a liver-targeted drug, and that's actually might be related?  And two is, I guess, how fast did it come on in 814? And do you have some degree of confidence here, at least as the early purchase of the study for 864, to make us feel just a little bit better? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Mike, I think that the bottom line to your question is help us understand why we think this is -- this liver finding is not going to be a recurrent finding in 864. And I'm going to ask David Altshuler to comment on this important question about why we don't think that this is on mechanism. I'll just say that, Mike, the absolute bottom line, there is no way that I can promise you or that David A can promise you that with VX-864 or any molecule in our pipeline is not going to have a safety finding. There is no way to promise that. Obviously, that is the reason we do the Phase II studies, specifically to assess safety, PK exposure and then, of course, a sense for the primary end point. But I don't believe that this is an on mechanism finding, and I'll ask David to walk you through the multiple lines of reasoning. And I think David has done that, but I'll just ask him to go through one more time. What we've seen in our animal models because we have studied this in great detail in our mouse models because we're actually evaluating the liver. David? David Altshuler: Thank you. And thanks a lot for the question. I mean, I think one thing I'll say before I go through that is, we have no evidence that this is a liver-targeted drug. I just want to be clear. This is a drug that acts on a protein that's expressed in the liver. And actually, one of the things we're excited about in the approach is actually AAT is not only made in the liver, it's actually made in other cells of the body. And actually, this drug is systemic. And so it would be, I think, incorrect to say this is a drug targeted to the liver, even though it does act on the liver. And then I think you come back to the question, and I'll just go through again, the 3 lines of logic that make us think it's premature, certainly to conclude that this is an on mechanism or because of the disease. Even though, as Reshma said, we can't know for sure.  And the three arguments are: Most LFT abnormalities are chemical in nature, not on mechanism. The second is, we've specifically studied in mouse models, the human ZAAT protein and being corrected by this mechanism with multiple different compounds, multiple different chronic studies, and we see not liver toxicity, but improvement. And then the third is perhaps in people's minds is that the liver of a patient with AAT just somehow can't tolerate medicines. And I think that, as we know, 100,000 people have this disease, and there's no evidence we're aware of for any sort of liver toxicity associated with having AATD. So I just don't think it's the right conclusion. But -- and nonetheless, we certainly are excited for 864 in the next molecule, and we'll look forward to telling you more data as we collect it. Michael Yee: And just a follow-up, the comment on 864 and how far you've gone and enough to feel better versus 814? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Yes. Sorry about that, Mike. It's very early days. We are just in the early parts of that study. So I don't have more details for you. It's obviously a study that is going to take some time to complete, given that we expect our results in the first half of '21. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Turner Kufe: This is Turner on for Cory. So just trying to understand the ultimate opportunity for TRIKAFTA, where do you see pockets of patients that are more difficult to get on label or bring in for treatment beyond just the 10% that aren't amenable to CFTR modulators? And how do you just quantify that in the context of the estimated 68,000 CF patients eligible for TRIKAFTA? And then I have one quick follow-up. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. This is Reshma. I'm going to ask Stuart to comment, but I just want to make sure that we set the frame correctly. The number that we use is 75,000 total patients. I just want to make sure that we get that one clear. The 68,000 represents 90% for whom a medicine like TRIKAFTA could offer potential. The last 10% being those who need a nucleic acid approach. And the opportunity, I'm going to turn over to Stuart. Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Turner, thanks for the question. Based on our experience here in the U.S., which is now just over a year, and we have the vast, vast majority of patients across all eligible types, those who were naive to therapy, not even eligible for a CFTR modulator, those who were already being treated with ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI, those who had discontinued across all of those groups, we have seen very, very strong uptake. And so I really can't identify you -- for you a group of patients that we have to date found that it is more difficult to be initiated on TRIKAFTA. In terms of future growth, we address some of that in my prepared remarks, obviously, with the approval of KAFTRIO, we're now hoping to replicate what we've done with TRIKAFTA here in the U.S. with KAFTRIO in the EU. We are encouraged by the early trends in Germany and the U.K. and Ireland, where we already have access for patients. And that is clearly important, we need to secure similar reimbursement agreements across the rest of Europe to be able to access those patients.  So that is obviously a first step to getting access for those patients we don't have reimbursement for today. And then as we said, in total, if you count those patients and additional patients who we can get to through expanding the KAFTRIO label to other countries like Australia, to going to younger age groups with TRIKAFTA and KAFTRIO, such as the 6- to 11-year olds, and then further expanding our entire CF portfolio to younger patients and also to other mutations like the rare mutations. In aggregate, in addition to what we've already been able to deliver, we think there's over 20,000 more patients that we will be able to benefit.  And so we continue to feel good about where we are but we know the job is not done, and we have a long way to go to make sure that 90% of patients that are going to be eligible for CFTR modulators have the ability to try one. And then, as Reshma said, in addition to that, we're continuing to work hard to develop new medicines and new interventions for the 10% who won't benefit from the CFTR modulator. Turner Kufe: That's helpful. And then just understanding that you're bringing in the remaining 814 data. Is there a potential chance that we get a glimpse at the data prior to seeing 864 results as we're just trying to benchmark 864 for ourselves? If so, to what extent of the data could we potentially see? Or alternatively, do you plan on publishing preclinical 814 data? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Yes. All really great questions. Obviously, we're going to bring all the data in from the VX-814 program as we close that out. Again, the key finding there is that we have low exposure, and we didn't achieve the target range. So I don't have high expectations that the data is going to be informative. I think the key thing to look forward to is VX-864, and those results. And we certainly are working expeditiously to get that trial enrolled and to be able to see those results. And as I said before, that should be available in the first half of '21. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mohit Bansal from Citigroup. Mohit Bansal: And maybe switching a little bit to FSGS. So given that it is a small trial and relatively short, is it possible that we could see that data even before the AAT data? I mean, this trial did not stop because of COVID. And the follow-up question is, APOL1 mutation is implicated in many kidney diseases. So if this first compound were to be successful, do you have any plans to go into those broader indications like lupus nephropathy and other indications? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Mohit, thanks so much for the question about FSGS. So with regard to the trial, you're right, it's a reasonably efficient trial, a dozen or so patients. It is a longer duration trial than the AATD program. It's a 12-week trial. So there's a difference there. And it's a little bit early to call for both the 864 program and the VX-147 program, when exactly the results will be available. They're both studies that are active, enrolling and we're dosing patients, but it's just a little bit too early to call. I'll just point out on that one, the FSGS program, the endpoint there is proteinuria and as you know, there have been multiple discussions between the community and regulatory agencies. And that does seem to be a very acceptable endpoint to the agency. So I'm particularly eager to look at those results. I'm going to ask David Altshuler to tell you a little bit more about APOL1-mediated kidney disease. Although I am the nephrologist here, some people tease that this is one of David's most favorite program. So I'll let him tell you about a couple more APOL1-mediated kidney disease that we are looking at. David, do you want to just quickly talk about that? David Altshuler: Absolutely. APOL1 strikes us as a really compelling target for the strategy of using human genetics and genetically validated targets to go over after major unmet needs. And you've got the strategy right because the idea is to first go into FSGS, which is a severe disease, very strongly driven in certain populations by APOL1 genotype. But in addition, there are many, many patients with nondiabetic kidney disease with other forms of proteinuric kidney for which APOL1 is a driver. And so certainly, we first need to get proof-of-concept for the mechanism and figure it out, but it would be our expectation if that succeeds that we would be able to go into a variety of other indications. And it's really one of the most unusual and compelling common genetic risk factors with a major effect on a disease -- proteinuric kidney disease for which there is great unmet need. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gena Wang from Barclays. Gena Wang: And I'm sorry, I also have to ask one more question about AATD. So David, you did mention there are three possible reasons. One being as a small molecule, but 864 also small molecule, could you help us understand a little bit regarding what you see between healthy volunteers? Anything differences in terms of exposure and the drug dose that will make you feel more confident that 864 will show better clinical profile? And my second question is regarding the beta-thalassemia sickle cell program. And so should we expect the lay break abstract at ASH? And also, will we see the data beyond 7 patients that announced? And also, what would be the plan for the registration path from here? Reshma Kewalramani: Gena, I think you managed to get 3 questions in there. I know we're coming up on the hour. Let me quickly tackle the CTX001 question, and I'll ask David to -- I think you're really asking about differences between 814 and 864. And I'll ask David to give you a quick comment on that. So you should expect to see more data from the CTX001 program. You should expect to see data in more patients and longer duration of follow-up in both beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease. And we'll just have to be a little bit more patient with regard to the exact venue of those data. David, do you have a quick question on 814, 864 that you haven't already commented on? David Altshuler: All I would say is we were saying about the idea of LFT abnormalities being chemical specific, we meant specific to the particular molecule. And 864 being structurally different than 814, we would not necessarily expect to see the same kind of problems again. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Truist. Srikripa Devarakonda: This is Kripa on for Robyn. I had a question about your diabetes program, whereas when you talked about two different types of opportunities. Can you tell us where you are in terms of time lines for the device? How much work is left before you can think of moving into patients and does the IND that you expect to file cover both of those opportunities? Are you looking at them as independent programs? Or do you believe that they have to be done in sequence? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Yes, sure. I really appreciate the question and the opportunity to talk a little bit more about the type 1 diabetes program. I think you've characterized it correctly. I see this opportunity as 2 shots on goal. The first and the one we're starting with is, let's call it, naked cells. That's the IND that's going in by the end of this year. And that's the program I anticipate will be in the clinic in 2021. The kinds of patients that the naked cells could serve as an example, there are a few thousand people who have what are called SHEs or severe hypoglycemic episodes. Now while diabetes certainly has the morbidity when you have hyperglycemia that are nephropathy, neuropathy and retinopathy, that takes years to develop. These SHEs can kill you because you become severely hypoglycemic with lack of awareness. So that's one group of patients this could serve. And the second group of patients, obviously, are people, for example, who are type 1 diabetics who are post kidney transplant who are already on immunosuppressive medicine. So that is the naked cell alone program. But clearly, the high fruit and the biggest population we could serve is the population that could have the cells encapsulated in the device. And that's the second program that we're going to bring forward in. I look forward to telling you more about it as the months go by. But the one to look out for now is the IND for the naked cell program. Michael Partridge: Operator, we're coming right up on the hour, so we'll take two more quick questions. Operator: Then our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges, Leerink. Geoffrey Porges: Reshma, so you have $6.2 billion in cash on the balance sheet. You're generating about close to $1.25 billion in free cash flow it seems, or you will be by the end of the year. So hypothetically, let's say that you could have $12 billion in cash on your balance sheet in the middle of next year. Could you give us an idea how you plan to deploy that capital? You've had questions on the call about business development activity, but that's a huge amount of cash, and you have no debt. So what are you thinking of doing? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Jeff, thanks for the question. And as you point out, this is -- you're asking a question that's broader than business development and about capital allocation. Let me make a high level statement, and then I'm going to ask Charlie to also chime in. We are very pleased with the way the business is progressing. We are very pleased with the strength of our balance sheet. And we recognize that this is a really favorable position to be in. We believe at our core, that the best deployment of our capital is in innovation. And I'm going to turn it over to Charlie to give you a sense of how we specifically think about that. Charlie? Charles Wagner: Yes. Thanks, Reshma. Jeff, I appreciate the question. Really, the strength of the business, of course, with the growth and the profitability, we do generate a lot of cash flow, as you point out. And so naturally, we are very focused on capital allocation. As Reshma highlights, we clearly believe that the best use of capital is to invest in innovation. And you've seen us be very active over the last two years in BD, gaining access to important platform technologies and capabilities as well as assets that have really helped us broaden and deepen the pipeline, importantly, with Semma and Exonics.  So looking ahead, you can expect that we'll continue to be active. The BD team is very active. And we have, as you point out, the balance sheet capacity and flexibility to do more and potentially do bigger deals. But importantly, we do intend to stay very close to our corporate and our research strategy because we feel that for BD specifically, that is the best opportunity for us to add value, and drive ROI over the long term. Operator: And our final question for today comes from the line of Evan Seigerman from Crdit Suisse. Evan Seigerman: I'll be quick. So in KOL calls, I've gotten very positive feedback on curative approaches to sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. Do you have any color as to what you might need to show at a pivotal or registration-directed trial in terms of efficacy or a follow-up, just to give us a sense as to when that could potentially be part of the Vertex commercial story? Reshma Kewalramani: I didn't catch the tail end of the question, but I think you're really asking about CTX001 in beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease and how we see the registrational approach. It's a little bit too early to call exactly the number of patients, the duration of follow-up and the -- what exactly the regulators will require. That being said, clearly, the results that we've shared from the summer are exceptional. And while very small in number, 2 people in beta-thal, 1 in sickle cell, they do represent, in essence, a functional cure for those patients. We also have secured multiple regulatory designations like Prime and RMAT, Fast Track, et cetera, that give us the opportunity to have conversations with regulators. And that is, of course, very helpful. So I think that the studies that we're doing are exactly the right ones, in the right patients. So for example, in beta-thalassemia, what I mean specifically is patients who are both beta zero, beta zero and nonbeta zero for the beta-thalassemia side.  And for the sickle cell side, patients who are severe sickle cell patients with multiple VOCs over 1 to 2 year period. And I'm really very much looking forward to those regulatory interactions. In a little bit more time, we will be able to come back to you and let you know specifically what those packages look like after we have the opportunity to work through that with regulators. Michael Partridge: Okay. Thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call tonight and on the webcast. We appreciate it. The Investor Relations team, if you have additional questions, is available tonight. Please reach out to us. We'd be happy to help. Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 17:30:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening. Welcome to the Vertex Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President, Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that all of the financial results and guidance that we will review on this call this evening are non-GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Michael. 2020 continues to be a year of remarkable progress for Vertex across all aspects of our business, as measured by the continued strong performance of the TRIKAFTA launch in the U.S. The recent positive CHMP opinion for the triple combination regimen in Europe, completion of a landmark reimbursement agreement to expand access to the triple combination for patients in England. And the advancement of our late preclinical and clinical stage pipeline programs, most notably, our proof-of-concept data for CTX001 that underscores the curative potential of this therapy in both beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease. I'm especially proud that the Vertex team has been able to accomplish all of this despite the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and want to acknowledge the resilience and commitment of all of our employees to continue to deliver on our goals for patients. Turning first to our CF medicines. Today, the vast majority of our eligible patients in the U.S. have begun treatment with TRIKAFTA, reflecting the significant and fundamental benefit that this medicine provides by addressing the underlying cause of disease. The rate of uptake for TRIKAFTA and the speed at which we have obtained broad reimbursement speak to the appreciation of the therapeutic profile of this medicine, which we believe will be the foundation of CF therapy for many years to come. Outside the U.S., in June, we received a positive CHMP opinion for the triple combination regimen, which, if approved, will be known in Europe as KAFTRIO. This positions us for an earlier-than-expected approval in Europe in the coming months, which would provide up to 10,000 new patients with the first medicine to treat the underlying cause of their disease. Following the anticipated approval later this year in Europe, we plan to seek a potential expansion of the KAFTRIO label to include patients with 1 F508 del mutation and a residual function or gating mutation based on the positive Phase III data reported earlier this month that showed KAFTRIO add significant additional benefit in these patients. We are also pleased that we were recently able to expand our reimbursement agreement with NHS England to include KAFTRIO, allowing thousands of patients in England to begin receiving this medicine once European Commission approval occurs. This is truly a landmark achievement for patients and builds on our other innovative reimbursement agreements, such as those in Ireland and Denmark that include KAFTRIO as well as our other medicines. Reaching these agreements in advance of regulatory approval is uncommon and reflects a shared belief in the value and benefit of our medicines in treating the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis. Based on our year-to-date performance, driven primarily by TRIKAFTA, we are again revising upward our 2020 revenue guidance, which Stuart and Charlie will discuss in more detail in a moment. Beyond 2020, we retain clear line of sight to reaching our long-standing goal of bringing the triple combination to 90% of all CF patients worldwide, as we obtain additional regulatory approvals, including approvals to treat younger patients and reimbursement agreements globally. Turning to our programs beyond CF, where we are advancing a differentiated and broad pipeline of small molecule, cell and genetic therapies for a range of serious diseases. Despite the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have now been able to reinitiate enrollment and dosing in all of our clinical trials, and we've also been able to initiate new clinical studies during this period. Let me go into more detail on a few of these programs. In our CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing program with CTX001, we and our partner, CRISPR Therapeutics, announced new clinical data at the AHA meeting last month that highlighted the curative potential of gene editing in 2 serious diseases, beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease. A total of 7 patients had been treated with CTX001 as of the AHA meeting. And all of these patients had successfully engrafted, which is an important yet early sign of their potential response to treatment. Of note, we have now resumed conditioning and dosing in both studies of CTX001 and have dosed additional patients across the program in recent weeks. This program continues to gain momentum as we enroll and treat even more patients, and we expect to report additional data later in 2020. In AAT, we have now reinitiated enrollment in the Phase II study of VX-814 at all sites that have indicated the ability to resume clinical trials. This means that some, but not all clinical trial sites have been reopened and are screening and enrolling patients in the VX-814 study. We have also now initiated a similar Phase II study with our second AAT corrector, VX-864. Ultimately, the pace of enrollment will dictate the timing for data readouts from VX-814 and VX-864. We now expect data from the VX-814 study toward the end of 2020 or Q1 2021. In the next several months, we will have a much clearer picture of enrollment dynamics for these studies and when to expect data for each molecule. Our goal is to evaluate data from each Phase II study and to pick the best molecule to advance into late-stage development. This is consistent with our strategy of cracking the biology and then pouring on the chemistry to allow us to discover multiple molecules that we can simultaneously advance through proof-of-concept and pick the best molecule then for further development, just as we did in CF. In APOL1-mediated FSGS, multiple clinical trial sites are now open for screening and enrollment in our Phase II study of VX-147, evaluating the reduction of proteinuria over 13 weeks. We expect to obtain data from this study in 2021. And with our cell therapy for type 1 diabetes, we are tracking for an IND submission in late 2020, to support initiation of our first study to evaluate the isle of cells alone in patients with type 1 diabetes. The advancement of key IND-enabling activities and the generation of preclinical data to support the IND package in type 1 diabetes were key priorities in the first half of the year and have remained on track through the COVID-19 pandemic. With that summary of the business and review of the R&D portfolio, let me turn it over to Stuart. Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I am pleased to review you this evening our continued strong commercial performance. TRIKAFTA revenues for the second quarter were $918 million, reflecting very rapid uptake in the U.S. across the vast majority of all eligible patients. We have received rapid and broad reimbursement from both public and private payers, and feedback from patients and CF centers has been highly positive, consistent with the strong benefit risk profile for this medicine. Our TRIKAFTA revenues to date in 2020 have also benefited from very strong persistence and compliance trends and from increased patient inventory levels as a result of early refills amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. I am proud of the teams that have worked tirelessly to execute such a phenomenal launch, which has exceeded even our own expectations. And I am thankful for the commitment of the CF community, to working with us to help get so many patients on to TRIKAFTA since its approval in October last year. We now have the opportunity to build on this strong performance of the U.S. launch with an earlier-than-expected potential approval in Europe. This approval, which is anticipated to come in the next few months, will allow up to 10,000 new patients with a minimal function mutation to be treated with a medicine for the underlying cause of their disease for the first time. Further accelerating our ability to bring this medicine to patients is the recent expansion of our agreement with England to include immediate reimbursement of KAFTRIO for patients ages 12 and older upon EC approval, as well as reimbursement for all future label expansions for KALYDECO, ORKAMBI, SYMKEVI and KAFTRIO. This unique agreement provides the CF patient community in England with certainty that they will be among the first in Europe to receive our CF medicines. We are very pleased with this expanded agreement, which is a reflection of the importance and value of treating the underlying cause of CF with our medicines. We would like to thank NHS England and the CF patient community for their commitment to working collaboratively with us towards this agreement over recent months. And we are working with the other developed nations in the U.K. to finalize equivalent agreements as soon as possible. As a result of our strong start to 2020, we are again raising our revenue guidance for the year. And I will offer the following perspective regarding launch dynamics in the U.S. and how we view the anticipated KAFTRIO launch in the EU. First, we are 9 months into the TRIKAFTA launch in the U.S., and the vast majority of all eligible patients have now begun treatment. Second, the compliance and persistence rates and patient inventory levels we have seen to date with the launch are high, and we expect them to normalize in the second half of the year. And third, we will be launching KAFTRIO in Europe amidst an ongoing and rapidly evolving global pandemic. This may significantly impact patients' ability to see their physicians for treatment initiation visits and to conduct important laboratory and clinical work to support initiation of KAFTRIO. It will also be the first time that our teams have had to execute a launch virtually. As in the U.S., we ultimately expect to treat the vast majority of eligible patients in Europe. However, the exact trajectory of the launch in Europe is uncertain. All of these factors and their potential impact on future quarters are reflected in our revised revenue guidance, which Charlie will review in more detail momentarily. We expect CF revenue growth beyond 2020. This growth will be driven primarily by additional approvals and reimbursement agreements for KAFTRIO outside the U.S. and by expanding the TRIKAFTA and KAFTRIO labels to treat younger patients. As markers of our continued progress to reach more patients with our medicines, our regulatory submissions for the triple combination are complete in Australia and Switzerland. And following potential EU approval of KAFTRIO later this year, we plan to begin discussions in countries where we are not yet reimbursed with the goal of providing access to this medicine for eligible patients as rapidly as possible. We also remain on track to submit a supplemental new drug application for TRIKAFTA in the U.S. in the fourth quarter of 2020. The children ages 6 to 11 years of age with 1F508 del mutation. If approved, some 1,500 new patients in the U.S. would be eligible for a medicine to treat the cause of their CF beginning in 2021. We expect this submission would be followed rapidly by similar label expansion efforts outside the U.S. and by additional Phase III studies to support approval in even younger children. In summary, Vertex remains on a trajectory of significant near-term and long-term revenue growth as we bring TRIKAFTA and KAFTRIO to more patients globally in the coming months and years. I am pleased with the significant commercial progress we've seen to date in 2020. And we'll now turn the call over to Charlie. Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Our financial performance for the second quarter was exceptional, highlighted by continued significant growth in CF product revenues following the launch of TRIKAFTA. Second quarter total CF product revenues were $1.52 billion, a 62% increase compared to 2019, bringing our year-to-date revenues to just over $3 billion. Our second quarter revenues included $1.21 billion in revenues in the U.S. and $314 million in revenues outside the U.S. Revenues from outside the U.S. in the second quarter grew 31% over the prior year, driven by strong patient uptake of ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI, following the completion of multiple reimbursement agreements in late 2019. Both in the U.S. and in countries outside the U.S. where our medicines are reimbursed, the vast majority of eligible patients have now initiated treatment with our medicines. Our second quarter 2020 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $467 million compared to $394 million for the second quarter of 2019, bringing our year-to-date expenses to $945 million. As we've said previously, our 2020 expenses reflect greater investment to support the use of our CF medicines globally and the expansion of our pipeline into new diseases. The significant growth in revenues, combined with more moderate growth in spending resulted in year-to-date operating margin of 58% and year-to-date operating income of $1.75 billion, an increase of 122% compared to operating income in the first half of 2019. Year-to-date net income for 2020 was $1.36 billion compared to $623 million for the first half of 2019. Now to guidance. Today, we are revising upward our 2020 financial guidance for total CF product revenues to a range of $5.7 billion to $5.9 billion, which at the midpoint, reflects 45% growth over 2019. Our guidance reflects the strong launch of TRIKAFTA to date in the U.S., the performance of our other CF medicines globally and the anticipated approval and uptake of KAFTRIO in Europe specifically in England, Ireland, Denmark and Germany. Even with the exceptional midyear results, it's important to reiterate a few of the moderating factors that Stuart mentioned in his remarks. First, the persistence and compliance trends to date for TRIKAFTA are strong. And in fact, they're among the strongest and best we've seen for any of our medicines at this stage of the launch. However, we are still less than a year into the launch, and as such, we expect these metrics to reach a steady state during the second half of the year. Second, as we previously noted, we saw a benefit from patients refilling their TRIKAFTA prescriptions early as the COVID-19 pandemic emerged. This resulted in patients having a higher amount of TRIKAFTA on hand at the end of both the first and second quarters. Our guidance assumes that this increased patient inventory normalizes throughout the second half of 2020. And finally, I would also note that while we have incorporated some incremental European revenues for KAFTRIO into our revised 2020 revenue guidance, the actual rate and level of uptake that we will see in 2020 in Europe is unpredictable, given the ongoing pandemic and the fact that we are conducting a virtual launch. Our OpEx and tax guidance remains unchanged. I would note that we have recognized some savings on expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, travel costs, for example, however, we have also actively rebalanced our spending by making incremental investments in certain programs and in technology infrastructure to support both the remote operation of certain clinical trials and work-from-home capabilities for our global workforce. With our strong revenue and profitability, we finished the second quarter with $5.5 billion in cash. And as in recent years, our top priority for capital allocation is to reinvest in our own internal R&D engine and to invest in external innovation to accelerate the creation of future medicines for the disease areas in which we are interested. Now back to Reshma for a few concluding remarks. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Charlie. The first half of 2020 was a trying period for people, societies and businesses across the world as we grappled with the widespread impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a global business with thousands of employees, Vertex shared in these challenges, yet despite the significant changes in how we work, interact and operate our business, Vertex continues to thrive, and our people continue to rise to the occasion with courage and determination. As I said earlier this year, the future of Vertex remains brighter than ever. And this remains true today as we enter the second half of the year with continued strong commercial execution, increasing momentum across our pipeline with our type 1 diabetes program approaching the clinic and multiple upcoming data readouts in the next 6 to 12 months, and the financial strength to support both internal innovation and business development to discover and develop new medicines for patients and to support our long-term growth. I look forward to updating you as the year progresses. Thank you, and we'll now open the call to questions. Operator: . Our first question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Cory Kasimov: I wanted to ask about the AAT program. Now that the Phase II 864 study has initiated. Are there any key differences between this and the 814 study that's ongoing on CT.gov, it looks like 864 is 40 patients versus 50 patients for 814. So wondering if there's any specific rationale behind that and any other potential differences between the 2 trials? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Cory, it's Reshma. In essence, the 814 study, which is a study of about 28 days with a 1-month safety follow-up, a few different doses in the placebo group, is similar, if not exactly the same as our VX-864 study. Again, a few different doses of placebo group, 28 days of treatment and another 1 month of safety follow-up. You can think of them as very similar. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Salveen Richter: On guidance for the CF franchise, how are you factoring in the positive CHMP decision with regard to countries coming on board in the second half? And how are you accounting for England and then with regard to the pipeline, where do you stand with progress at the DMD, DM1 gene editing program? Reshma Kewalramani: Salveen, this is Reshma. Let me ask Charlie to take the first question about guidance, and how we're thinking about CHMP. And of course, there still is a step of European commission approval, and then I'll come back and tackle DMD and DM1. Charlie? Charles Wagner: Sure. Thanks, Salveen. As we mentioned on the call, we have factored into our revised guidance and assumption of incremental revenues from approval in Europe, but as Reshma points out, we do not have the approval yet. And so the exact timing of that is not perfectly clear. We also highlighted that it will be a virtual launch of everybody in potent form and the potential for the ongoing pandemics have an impact on the rate of uptake. That said, we feel very good about including it in the guidance, and that is factored into the number we gave today. Reshma Kewalramani: And with regard to the DMD and DM1 programs, you'll remember, of course, last year, around the summer time, we acquired Exonics and that's where we got the DMD and DM1 programs from and then a few months after that, we acquired Semma, and that's where we're working on the type 1 diabetes program with. With regard to where we are with DMD, we're in late preclinical development. We have had our conversations with the FDA. We understand what they are looking for in terms of preclinical safety and clinical -- preclinical pharmacology, and we have a very good sense of what the IND package needs to look like. We are working through all of that. And I anticipate in the coming months, we're going to be able to give you further updates. I mean I'll just also just let you know that we're thinking very, very diligently and working hard on things like process development and analytical development. You've seen in the landscape that there is a real importance around dose and around getting the analytical development to make sure that you are very clear about what the dose is right. And so we're investing a good amount of our time and effort to make sure that we get all of that right as we make progress towards the clinic. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. Philip Nadeau: Congratulations on the quarter. Just a couple of commercial ones and one brief follow-up on AAT. Commercial in Europe, Stuart, you mentioned that there'll be 10,000 patients who will be on label for TRIKAFTA when it's approved. Could you give us a sense of how many of those patients will have reimbursement at the time of approval? And then second, in the U.S., can you give us a sense as to the level of inventory that is being held by patients currently? Stuart Arbuckle: Sure, Phil. Thanks for the question. So yes, as you mentioned, with the label to include the FMF patients, that's about 10,000 patients -- up to 10,000 patients across Europe who will be eligible for a CFTR modulator for the first time. Those patients are roughly split, not exactly, but roughly split as per the existing patient populations. And so the largest countries are the U.K. and Germany, places like France, Italy, Spain follow that. That's where the vast majority of patients are and so obviously, the agreement in the U.K. is in England or subsequently in the other developed nations is excellent because that's the single biggest patient population. Then Germany, obviously, is a country where you get immediate access post the EC approval. Other countries like France, Italy, Spain, et cetera, we will have to begin the reimbursement negotiations there. So that's how that kind of patient population splits out overall. In terms of patient inventory, we didn't see any incremental inventory build from patients in the second quarter. It really was a carryover of the inventory build that patients have made when the pandemic first hit in the sort of first quarter and towards the end of the first quarter here in the U.S., and so we have not seen a drawdown on that inventory, we did not see an increase in that patient inventory in the second quarter. Philip Nadeau: That's very helpful. And a brief follow-up to Cory's question on AAT. What's your way of thinking on the next steps once you get the proof-of-concept data from the first two candidates? Could you move right into a pivotal study or would it be more likely that there will be an interim trial to further flesh out their profiles? Reshma Kewalramani: I had a little bit of a hard time hearing you, but I think it's about what is the next step once we have proof-of-concept data for VX-814 and can we go into pivotal development after that? So yes, I do anticipate that once we have the proof-of-concept data, and we have a sense for dose, and we get a look at the safety in patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, we will be moving into pivotal development. Of course, we have 2 programs VX-814 and VX-864. 814 is in the lead. And depending on exactly what the timing of each of those programs are, et cetera, we're going to have to make some decisions, but yes, I do anticipate after we are at a point of having POC, we would move right into Phase III pivotal development. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Michael Yee: Congrats on a great quarter. Two pipeline questions, one on AAT. Obviously, everyone's focused on functional AAT. I think we all know that, and we look forward to that. Is there anything in your secondary endpoints or any other biomarkers you would look at to help support the overall totality of what's going on? There is outstanding questions around trafficking to the lungs, et cetera, et cetera. So I think that's an interesting thing if there were any biomarkers to help support what's going on? And then my second question actually is on 147 for FSGS. You made some great comments, Reshma. I know you are an expert in renal disease. So I guess my question is, are you confident that a strong reduction of proteinuria can happen in a short amount of time? Or what amount of time do you need based on that mechanism to show that in a Phase II? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Yes. Sure thing. Let me parse it out into the questions around AATD, and then I'll get to FSGS and proteinuria. So on the AATD program, be it for VX-814 or for VX-864, it is really about looking at the antigenic AAT levels and at the functional serum AAT levels. And if you ask me, what exactly are we looking for? What's the breadth of information that we can glean from the proof-of-concept studies? Besides those 2 things, the other 2 that I will point you to is safety. We can't minimize that. This is the first time that this medicine has been put into patients with this disease. And the last part is the PK/PD relationship and the relationship between the doses and the achievement of the exposure that we are seeking. So those are really the key elements that we will be able to glean when the study is complete. With regard to FSGS, so proteinuria is something that we and the renal community have talked about for a long, long time. There have been multiple workshops between nephrologists, academia, regulatory agencies, et cetera, to think about the relationship of proteinuria and outcomes like time to ESRD, as well as all of the questions you must be imagining with regard to onset of proteinuria, the duration of reduction in proteinuria, et cetera. And if I just sort of make a long story short, the reason you see our proof-of-concept Phase II study b of 12 weeks duration, is that I think it's going to take about that amount of time to start to see a reduction. And that sort of explains the duration of the study. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Cantor. Alethia Young: Congrats on the quarter. So I just want to talk a little bit about CTX001. And of course, there are a lot of medicines now in sickle cell and beta-thal and just how you think about positioning of a potential one-and-done versus like the Global Blood and Agios versus Novartises of the world? Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. This is Reshma. Why don't I take that question? Alethia, I can't tell you how excited I am with the CTX001 program that we are conducting in conjunction with CRISPR Therapeutics. This is now a program that has achieved proof-of-concept in beta-thalassemia, right? We've dosed the first 2 patients. We've talked about the fact that they have engrafted. We've talked about the hemoglobin levels in these 2 patients, and it's well north of 11 grams per deciliter. The first patient is at 14.2. The second patient is at 12.5 grams per deciliter at 5 months. The patients are going from the first patient, 34 units of blood transfused per year. The second patient, 61 units of blood transfused per year to no transfusions in the follow-up that we have observed. And while it is still a limited number of patients and a limited duration. Patient number one is now out 15 months. So we are really getting out there. We're past that 1-year point. And we've also shared the data with regard to the first sickle cell patient who's also had hemoglobins F well north of 40% and has had no VOCs. So I think that there is a big difference between transforming a disease and treating a disease. There is a big difference between having no VOCs, no transfusions and having to manage some amount of chronic disease. And I think that there's a great importance in having a therapy that is one-time and then a person's life is restored. So I see enormous promise in this particular program. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Geoffrey Meacham: Congrats on another good quarter in CF. So I have a commercial question and a pipeline one. Stuart, can you talk about for the quarter, the TRIKAFTA sales, the patients coming from switching versus new het/min patients? And maybe just -- I know maybe don't want to give specifics, but how close are you to the 90% penetration that you've seen with other CF products. And then for Reshma, I didn't see a lot of detail on the plan sort of the remaining 10% of CF patients. I know you guys are committed to 100%, but maybe just remind us of what the status is of the programs, for example, for premature stock, et cetera? Stuart Arbuckle: Geoff, it's Stuart here. So thanks for the question. In terms of the source of TRIKAFTA prescriptions. When we say it's the vast majority of patients and it's the vast majority of patients across all segments, we mean just that. There really is not very much difference between the uptake in those who were naive to a CFTR modulator before TRIKAFTA was approved and those who were on either KALYDECO or ORKAMBI or SYMDEKO. So the level of uptake has been pretty universal and we are very much at the flat part of the launch curve, but there are still patients who are being initiated, but we are very much at the flat part of the launch curve now, which is why, as Charlie alluded to in talking about the guidance, it really is much more about the trends in persistence and compliance. And for the pipeline question, I'll hand that over to Reshma. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. You are very right about the commitment to get to all patients and what I'll tell you is, and just to remind everyone, for the last 10%, the underlying pathophysiology and the problem we have is that those patients make no protein either because of premature or stock come down, they just don't make any protein. And in so far as no protein is made, CFTR modulators cannot be helpful for these patients. So one way or another, a nucleic acid therapy is going to be needed, and we have programs in this area. And I see good progress with our partnership with Moderna in working on an mRNA approach to this last 10%. So more to come. The other point that we've made in the past and is worth repeating is, there's also an important delivery consideration here. The lung has a very large surface area. And of course, we're talking about trying to get delivery into a lung that has a large surface area, but is also very inflamed and full of mucus. So the delivery problem cannot be underestimated, but we have made good progress with our partners at Moderna, and I am optimistic about our ability to get there for our last 10% of patients. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Evan Seigerman with Crdit Suisse. Evan Seigerman: Congrats, again, on another fantastic quarter. So for Stuart, so you seem to be pretty cautious about the upcoming potential launch of KAFTRIO in Europe starting the pandemic. But the pandemic is arguably more of an issue here in the U.S. at the moment, so how are you able to overcome some of these commercialization issues domestically? And is there any reason to think that you won't have similar traction in Europe? And I understand kind of the ins and outs of the reimbursement agreements, say, for example, in Germany? Stuart Arbuckle: Evan, thanks for the question. So I think your question, you were breaking up a little bit, was why are we concerned about the launch trajectory in Europe when the pandemic is kind of more of an issue in the U.S. now? And really, I would say 2 things. The first one is that you'll remember, we got the approval for TRIKAFTA in October of last year. And as you'll remember from our Q4 and Q1 calls, we have seen very, very rapid uptake in the first few months of the -- post the approval, when really the pandemic had not really been as big of a deal here in the U.S. as it already had been in Asia and obviously in Europe. And so we are launching, I think, into a very different situation where the pandemic is still a very, very dynamic issue, and we're seeing openings and re-lockdowns and things like that. So it is a very different situation, I think, that we are launching into when we get the approval by the European Commission. The second thing that makes it different is that, like most businesses, the vast majority of our employees are working from home. Certainly, the commercial organization is all working from home. And so we will be launching this medicine virtually, which is a first for us as a company. The last thing I would say, which is linked to the pandemic is about patients and physicians and their ability to get together and see each other as a result of the pandemic. And so that's a dynamic which we have to take into consideration. And as we said in our prepared remarks, it's just uncertain how all that is going to play out. So I do think the situation we're launching into in Europe is very different to the situation, we were fortunate enough to be able to launch into here in the U.S. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust. Robyn Karnauskas: Congratulations on all the progress in this environment. I just wanted to ask a little bit about -- more about European dynamics. What were the lessons you learned just on the launch itself in the United States with TRIKAFTA and basically, what could be some positive reads to KAFTRIO for the launch in Europe, just regarding compliance and uptake because I think you just addressed the question around COVID? So it's just really more about do you think that this is more like KALYDECO launch versus ORKAMBI? And what are some positive reads that we might see when approved? Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Robyn, it's Stuart here. Thanks for the question. In terms of the positives we can take from the U.S. experience, obviously, there's many of them because the launch has been such a terrific success. And so I think some of the positives would be, obviously, there's very high levels of awareness within the CF community of the triple combination regimen and its very positive benefit risk profile. Secondly, that positive benefit risk profile has played out in real-world exactly as we saw it play out in our pivotal and indeed, earlier studies. The efficacy is very, very strong. And the overall benefit risk profile is really, really positive. So those are definitely positive that's resulted in high levels of persistence and compliance. So I think those are all very positive read-throughs. The big uncertainty, as I say, is we are launching this into a very, very different situation environment than we were launching back in October of 2019, which in many ways seems a lifetime away, both in terms of the patients and physicians and their ability to get together and our ability to launch in a virtual world is just unproven. So that's clearly very different. We're thrilled to have got a reimbursement agreement in place in England in advance of the approval. That's clearly positive. And one of the positives here in the U.S. is that we got very rapid public and private reimbursement. Obviously, though, there are a number of countries in Europe where we don't yet have reimbursement agreements in place, and we're going to have to begin that process. And that process is likely to take a bit longer in Europe than it did here in the U.S. So there's definitely many positives, but there are a number of things which are going to be different, which leads us to believe that the exact trajectory of the launch is difficult to call. Having said that, I will leave you with this final thought just as we have done in the U.S., we are confident that over time, the vast, vast majority of patients will be initiated on KAFTRIO over time. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mohit Bansal with Citi. Mohit Bansal: Congratulations from my end as well on the progress. My question is regarding the AAT and functionality. Given that this is -- these patients have a mutation. So even when you correct the misfolding, the protein which gets deleted is still going to be Z-AAT, and there's literature out there suggesting that the functionality of Z-AAT may not be as good as vial-type AAT. So to that end, do you think it could be an issue? And how exactly you are managing the functional AAT levels? Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Mohit, this is Reshma. So just to make sure that we're all grounded on the pathophysiology here. When you have alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, when you have that disease, you're right, this is a genetic mutation. It's a mutation of the SERPINA1 gene, and that mutation leads to a misfolded protein. The way our small molecule correctors work is they properly fold that misfolded protein. And in doing so, alleviate the congestion in the liver so that's how the liver part of this disease can be addressed with our approach. And because you have the corrected AAT protein now in the blood, that can go to the lung and do its job, which is to protect the lung from autodigestion, right? So the small molecule approach allows you to correct both the liver disease and the lung disease. The point that you're raising about how functional is this corrected AAT, people call it the competence of the molecule, and we have assessed that preclinically in our models, and the competence is high. And we have assays, you can think of it as an ELISA assay, but we have assays that we can assess the functionality of the protein in neutralizing the neutrophil elastase and that looks good. So that's the reason we've entered into Phase II proof-of-concept development, and that's why in Phase II, we are measuring not only antigenic levels, but also functional level. So we don't have a direct readout. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with SVB Leerink. Geoffrey Porges: Stuart, I just want to follow-up on the agreement that you have in place in England. Could you first give us a sense of what proportion of the 10,000 patients that you mentioned, the incremental patient numbers are in England. And secondly, in that agreement, is it similar to the Irish agreement with a cap on the total potential spend for the government -- for the NHS in England? Or is it purely volume-dependent? Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Geoff, thanks for the question. So yes, the agreement in England, obviously, we're thrilled to have reached that agreement. The ratio of patients in the U.K. that our FMF is roughly the same as you would see for the other mutations. And so you can broadly think that it's proportional to the population size of the U.K. versus others when you look at the CF population. In terms of the exact terms of the agreement, I can't talk about the exact terms of the agreement. It is similar to others that it does include access to our existing medications, including KAFTRIO, once approved and additional indications for those approved medicines. So that would include going down into the age groups. And it does include a cap on total expenditure to give some certainty to the U.K. government and in this case, NHS England specifically. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gena Wang with Barclays. Huidong Wang: I also would like to add my congratulations on a very strong quarter. So I have 2 questions. The first one is regarding the revenue -- quarter revenue, if assuming no refill rate that would translate to roughly 12,000 patients. So my question is, can you share the percentage of a patient that was refilled? And also what is the discontinuation rate? And the second question is regarding the beta-thalassemia sickle cell. What would be your plan for registration trial, specifically, what you could learn from bluebird experience? Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Gena, I'm not sure I entirely heard all of your question. I think you were asking about the percentage of patients that are on the medicine -- have stayed on the medicine, if I'm hearing you right. Huidong Wang: As amount of the refill rate, so like the persistence, the refill rate? Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Persistence rate. So yes, there's approximately 18,000 patients in the U.S. who were eligible for TRIKAFTA on its approval with the very broad FNE label. Of those, the vast majority of those have initiated therapy and the persistence rates, as we call it, the number of patients who stayed on the medicine, i.e. the opposite of those have discontinued. The persistence rates are very, very high. Some of the highest we've seen for any of our medicines at this time in the launch. And so whilst we're not getting into the exact specifics of what that is, you can imagine they are very, very high. Obviously, the discontinuation rate only increases over time, right? There aren't -- it doesn't go the other way, but it's very, very high. And I think that's not surprising given the benefit risk profile we saw of this medicine in our pivotal trial. And on beta-thal and sickle cell, the question there, I'll hand that over to Reshma. Reshma Kewalramani: Gena, with regard to the beta-thal and sickle trial and what do we need to show in terms of the Phase III pivotal trials, I think the trials that you see that we've designed are right for the job. In terms of the endpoints, I think, very clearly in beta-thalassemia transfusion independence is key. And in sickle cell, it's all about the reduction of VOCs, obviously, both metrics on which CTX001 has performed very well. Early stages, few patients all of those caveats, but I think that the studies that we've designed are the right ones, and I think those are the endpoints to watch. Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Matthew Harrison: I guess two for me. One, Stuart, can you just comment on the residual patients on SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI? Is that mainly age groups, which are not approved for TRIKAFTA yet? Or have you noticed any groups that are staying on that drug that may surprise you. And then I guess the second question is just related to AAT. I was hoping you could comment on if you think the Phase III program or the regulatory strategy that look different if you observe carrier levels of the protein versus, say, level similar to what replacement therapy has? Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. So the vast majority of patients who are on ORKAMBI, SYMDEKO or KALYDECO, who are eligible for TRIKAFTA just as for the other patient groups are transitioning or have transitioned to TRIKAFTA. So what you see in the performance of the business is that the patients who are remaining on that are either, those who are less than 12, so the younger age groups, where we continue to expand our indications there. And so we continue to initiate new patients here in the U.S., and as Charlie referenced in his remarks, growth that we've seen outside the U.S. where following the reimbursement agreements we put in place, patients have been -- or countries have been launching SYMDEKO and in some cases, or SYMKEVI, I should say, outside the U.S. and ORKAMBI. So -- but that's what's driving the existing KALYDECO, ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO, SYMKEVI business. It's either younger age groups or outside of the U.S. And AAT, I think that will be Reshma's. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Stuart. All right. On the question of AAT and what are we thinking about in terms of our Phase III plans? Let me just take one step back and just link what we're doing in Phase II to Phase III and give you a sense of how that strings together. So in Phase II, we're obviously looking at safety, and we're looking at the functional AAT levels and the serum antigenic AAT levels. And what we're trying to do there is to get the best estimation of dose, right? We are studying a number of different doses versus placebo. We're going to evaluate the dose exposure relationship and select the right dose. Assuming that we are in a position to move forward to Phase III based on these Phase II results, which obviously we haven't seen, but assuming that, that is the next step. What we're going to do in Phase III is evaluate a few different measures. And as I've said before, we haven't had our meeting with the FDA yet. We haven't had that end of Phase II meeting. So this is a conceptual framework, but obviously, we need to go through those meetings and come out the other end with an agreement with the agency, but the framework would be that we would indeed be looking at antigenic levels. We would be looking at serum functional levels. We are planning to have an assessment of clearance of the liver from these polymers. And remember, again, with the small molecule approach, we have this opportunity to treat both the liver and the lung. So we plan to do that, and we are going to have that be a package. We need to go through the discussions with the agency. We need to confirm that, that package would be acceptable. And as I've said a number of times previously, the companies that make augmentation therapy. About 5 of them have gotten their approvals in the U.S. based on levels of AAT. And so we need to go through that. Separately, we are very interested in, and I'm sure others might be interested in understanding the impact of our small molecule correctors on lung function measured by imaging or something like a pulmonary function test, and those are all considerations that we continue to talk and think about. But the framework for our package really is functional AAT levels, antigenic AAT levels and the clearance of the polymers from the liver. Michael Partridge: Operator, this is Michael. We have just a few minutes left. We'll take 2 more questions. Operator: Our question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Brian Abrahams: My congratulations as well on the quarter. A couple on AAT also. Can you talk about the importance of smoother AAT or Functional AAT levels that a corrector like 814 could confer versus the high peak to trough from an exogenous augmentation that -- and really the ways to assess the potential benefits of this. And then thinking longer term, you've laid out sort of a schematic for what a pivotal could look like? I'm also curious, your level of interest in exploring combinations with complementary mechanisms, either internally or externally to potentially optimize outcomes. Have you done preclinical work along those lines? And where might heterozygous patient population fit into the future development plan? Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. There's a lot packed into that question, but let me maybe try to tackle a little bit about where we are in terms of how we think about augmentation therapy or exogenous, what is basically protein replacement versus our approach with the small molecule. A couple of what I think are basic, but it's often hard to keep all of these things in mind, and it's important. So let me start there. One critical element to point out with regard to exogenous augmentation therapy is that the only effect it could have is on the lung. And the reason I say that is because exogenous therapy is doing nothing for the production of misfolded protein, which gets stuck in the liver, if you will, and that is what causes fibrosis and could lead to cirrhosis. So one big concept about exogenous therapy that the only possible organ that it could help is the lung, very different than the small molecule approach. The second is, you raise a good point around the PK and the peak-to-trough. The way augmentation therapy works is you go to a center and once a week, you get an infusion of this protein therapeutic. And during the course of that week, you have the augmentation that you received, let's say you went to the center on a Friday. So from Friday to Friday, what you have is what you received. And in that intervening period, you don't have any more AAT. This is very important because in you and me, in people who don't have alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, what happens is that AAT production changes in accordance to what your body needs. So for example, in times of stress, inflammation, infection, your body produces multifold more AAT in order to have the AAC medicine do its job, which is this need to prevent autodigestion. None of that can happen when you go into center for once-a-week therapy. So there are many other differences we could talk about, but maybe the 3 for today is that the small molecule approach allows you to treat both lung and liver. It has this ability to change depending on what the needs of the body are as you can think of it as being under control of its own promoter. And the third point is around the fact that the augmentation therapy is just dose once a week and it has its decay over that week, and that is not how AAT works in the body. I hope that helps. Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Paul Matteis with Stifel. Paul Matteis: Great. I'll continue the trend with 2 AAT questions. One, I was curious, based on genetic data or natural history data, what range of AAT production do you think you'd need to increase a ZZ mutant patient to in order to clinically derisk the next study? And then second, I was wondering if you could just comment now that you're going to Phase II with 864, some of the product differences as it relates to pharmacokinetics and potency and I guess, are you confident that, that is a molecule that should be materially more potent? Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. We've had a lot of AAT questions. So I guess it's fairly for our last question to be about AAT. I think the question behind your question is what are we really looking for in Phase II and a little bit of that is around what levels are we looking at? And how does 814 compared to 864, right? So let me just tell you what we're really looking for in terms of the proof-of-concept study. Remember that this is a molecule, and this is a target that we have not studied before. No one has done what we're doing. We are the first ones there, and we are going to learn about the translation to patients with AATD with this trial. When we were doing CF, we'd obviously already gone through the translation from the bench to the bedside with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and SYM by the time TRIKAFTA came along. And now this is like our translation to AATD to KALYDECO. So here's what we're looking for from that proof-of-concept study: First, safety; second, we're looking for the relationship between PK/PD and dose and exposure to ensure that we get to the exposure levels that we need to get to; and third, I'm looking for a movement upward in AAT levels, both antigenic and in functional AAT levels because what that will tell us is that we have met proof-of-concept, right? We have put the drug into patients with this disease, and what we see is good safety exposure that we're looking for and movement up. Then we know -- once we know we've cracked the biology, and I'm not saying it's easy, but between cracking the biology and pouring on the chemistry, pouring on the chemistry is easier. And so once we have that proof-of-concept, then we can think about taking those next steps. So that's what I'm really looking for from our Phase II study. Michael Partridge: Okay. Thank you all for joining us. We appreciate you tuning in. The Investor Relations team is available tonight if you have additional questions. Stay safe, and have a good evening. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 23:39:05) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening. Welcome to the Vertex First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertexs CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in todays press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation those regarding Vertexs marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertexs future financial performance, are based on managements current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani. Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Michael. It is an honor as Vertexs new CEO and President to welcome you to this conference call. The COVID-19 pandemic has been a significant challenge for people around the world. These are tough times. We know and we see that the lives of people in every country around the world has been disrupted. We grieve with those who have lost loved ones and we salute the heroic work being done by those on the frontlines of fighting the pandemic. Acknowledging that this is a difficult time for everyone, I want to begin by telling you why we believe that despite the pandemic, the future of Vertex remains brighter than ever. In many ways, Vertex is a unique company, a company with a proven track record, as a serial innovator with 4 approved CF medicines, including TRIKAFTA, a medicine we believe can treat up to 90% of CF patients around the world with high efficacy; a company with a broad clinical and late preclinical stage pipeline using multiple modalities to treat and potentially cure serious diseases outside of CF; a company with current and future top and bottom line growth and a strong balance sheet; and finally, a company with an extraordinarily talented senior leadership team and a diverse inclusive workforce; in short, exactly the kind of company I want to be a part of going forward. At my core, Im a physician scientist driven by a deep passion to advance science and medicine in the interest of patients. Since joining Vertex, I have witnessed the ingenuity and drive that have enabled this company to tackle unprecedented challenges in discovery, development and commercialization of new medicines. For example, our rapid advancement of our triple combination program through research and development and the early approval in the U.S. Today, the majority of eligible patients in the U.S. are already on TRIKAFTA. Its hard to believe, but true that the original PDUFA date for TRIKAFTA was March 20, 2020. Another example is pioneering the use of CRISPR gene-editing with our partners at CRISPR Therapeutics, to potentially cure diseases like sickle cell and beta thalassemia. I am humbled to have the opportunity of follow Jeff in leading this unique company. Now, on to our Q1 performance. Vertexs business, as demonstrated in our record first quarter financial results announced today, is stronger than ever. Our Q1 CF product revenues compared to last year are up 77% to $1.52 billion, driven by the highly successful launch of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and the growth of ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI outside the U.S. Our non-GAAP operating income rose 133% to $877 million. Our strategy is working and we continue to grow our revenues and earnings, while also investing significantly in innovation. As we look to the future, we are confident in the continued growth of our CF franchise for several reasons. First, our CF medicines are changing the lives of the patient populations they serve. And by addressing the underlying cause of disease, they are an important part of patients efforts to remain as healthy as possible. Second, our supply chain to manufacture and distribute our medicines is robust and we remain confident in our ability to continue to supply our medicines uninterrupted to CF patients around the world for the long term. Finally, while the course of the pandemic is unpredictable, we retain a clear line of site to securing approval and launching the triple combination regimen in more countries around the world and in younger age groups and sustaining our CF leadership well into the next decade. Our vision has been for TRIKAFTA to be able to treat 90% of all CF patients and that vision remains very much intact. Given the strong performance of our CF products in Q1, we are raising our revenue guidance for the year to a range of $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion. Stuart and Charlie will review the factors underlying our new guidance in a few moments. Let me now turn to our pipeline and discuss how we are taking specific actions to continue to progress our clinical programs while protecting patients and healthcare providers. As you will see, each program is somewhat unique and different. First, our regulatory and development teams have been working diligently to stay on track with our submissions to regulators and to adapt our ongoing clinical studies as needed to ensure that they can be completed successfully. We continue to make progress in our ongoing CF trials. For example, our CF regulatory team completed the submission of the sNDA in the U.S. as well as a Type 2 variation to the EMA in Europe for KALYDECO for infants with CF down to 4 months of age. Similarly, we have been able to progress our FSGS program. Our clinical team for our APOL1-mediated kidney diseases program have been able in the past few weeks to initiate our Phase 2 study of VX-147 in APOL1-mediated FSGS. And we now have 13 sites open. On the other hand, we have recently temporarily paused enrollment or treatment in some ongoing clinical studies including the Phase 2 study of VX-814 in our AAT program. Every program and every clinical study is different and we have analyzed each situation closely and then made decisions based on the need to keep patients safe and to respect the need to preserve the resources of the healthcare system for where they are needed most. In addition to our clinical progress, we are working to maintain momentum in our late-stage preclinical programs so that we can move forward, when it is possible to do so, into first-in-human studies. Though we have reduced the on-site occupancy at our sites to protect employees and our facilities, our research labs have stayed open and we have prioritized activities that are IND-enabling for our next medicines entering development. This includes our cell therapy program for type 1 diabetes, where we continue to have a global of starting clinical development in patients in late 2020 or early 2021. We are also continuing to progress our business development strategy and investing in external innovation. This week we announced a new collaboration with Affinia Therapeutics. This collaboration supports the discovery and development of novel AAV capsids for in vivo delivery of genetic therapies in a number of disease areas. We are pleased to bring this capability into the cell and gene therapy toolbox that we are building. Finally, despite the pandemic, we continue to grow our senior leadership team with several important new hires and promotions in Q1. The first is Dr. Carmen Bozic, who is promoted to Chief Medical Officer earlier this month. Carmen now has responsibility for clinical development, medical affairs, drug safety, global clinical operations, biometrics and other related functions. Carmen has extensive experience in clinical drug development and joined Vertex in 2019 from Biogen, where she oversaw the development and regulatory approval of 9 important medicines including Tecfidera and Spinraza. The second is Dr. Bastiano Sanna who joined Vertex when we acquired Semma in 2019, where he was CEO. We have expanded Bastianos role and he is Chief of Cell and Genetic Therapies at Vertex. In this new role, he now leads all of our gene-editing, gene therapy and cell therapy programs, as well as related technologies for sickle cell disease, beta thalassemia, DMD, type 1 diabetes and others. Bastiano has extensive experience and expertise in cell and genetic therapies from prior roles at Magenta and Novartis. And I am confident that his skill-set will enable us to build capabilities at Vertex that are second to none. I am absolutely delighted to have Carmen and Bastiano on the team. In summary, this extraordinary moment in time in which we find ourselves right now will pass. We will all get through this together. Despite these unusual circumstances, Vertex is well positioned to continue to serve our CF patients, grow revenues and earnings, and advanced our pipeline of transformative medicines in disease areas beyond CF. Let me turn it over to Stuart. Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. I am pleased to review with you this evening, our continued strong commercial performance in the first quarter of 2020. I am very proud of our commercial supply, market access, patient support, marketing and field teams, who are fully prepared for the early approval of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. And we also want to recognize the remarkable job that CF centers and healthcare professionals have done to respond both the approval and the high level of patient interest in starting the medicine. Our teams have executed what is by every measure, a very rapid and successful U.S. launch of TRIKAFTA for CF patients, 12 years and older, with at least one F508del mutation, approved in October 2019, 5 months ahead of its PDUFA date, TRIKAFTA has been widely adopted. We have seen strong demand across all groups of patients eligible for TRIKAFTA and it is now being taken by the majority of the 18,000 eligible patients in the U.S. Total CF product revenues for Q1 2020 were $1.52 billion. And then its first full quarter, TRIKAFTA accounted for $895 million of those revenues. This was due in large part to more rapid than expected adoption of TRIKAFTA in all eligible patient groups in the U.S. Geographically for our CF product portfolio, we recorded approximately $1.19 billion in revenues in the U.S. and $328 million outside the U.S. Growth outside the U.S. was driven by strong patient uptake of ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI following the completion of multiple reimbursement agreements in late 2019. In most countries outside the U.S. where our medicines are reimbursed, the majority of eligible patients have now initiated treatment. Based on our strong Q1 revenue performance, we have raised our revenue guidance for the year, as Reshma mentioned. The new guidance and range takes into account both the rapid uptake of TRIKAFTA we have seen since October 2019 as well as additional dynamics that we either saw during Q1 or that we anticipate as we move through the year. First, we did see some benefit in Q1 from early prescription refills by patients both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., as well as advanced buying from some government payers outside the U.S. Second, while there are still new patients starting TRIKAFTA treatment, the pace of initiation has slowed. A high percentage of currently eligible patients are already on TRIKAFTA in the U.S., and so we have reached the flatter part of the uptake curve. Additionally, COVID-19 has resulted in some CF centers limiting their non-emergency interactions, and this could impact the rate of future initiations. Third, given that we have only just completed the first full quarter of the TRIKAFTA launch, we know that we have yet to see the full impact of persistence and compliance rates on the ongoing utilization of this medicine. As with all of our medicines, the revenue impact of persistence and compliance does not become a fully reflected until several quarters after launch. Looking ahead, the focus of our efforts to serve patients is twofold. First, ensuring that we can continue to meet the strong demand for our medicines with uninterrupted supply. Our team has closely analyzed our existing supply chain, and has worked during the emergence of the pandemic to ensure that there was no chance in our ability to provide medicines to patients. Our manufacturing facilities have remained fully operational and we have continued to produce new supply of our CF medicines. We are confident that this will remain the case moving forward. Second, we are progressing with urgency to expand the number of patients eligible for and able to access our CF medicines. We anticipate several important milestones in the coming 12 months, which are expected to drive access to our CF product portfolio for even more patients. The MAA for the elexacaftor triple combination is filed and under review with the European Medicines Agency. Approval by EMA would significantly increase the number of patients eligible for the triple combination and enable us to begin reimbursement discussions across many European countries, as well as provide rapid access in some countries, where we have a portfolio agreement. We have also now submitted the elexacaftor triple combination for approval in Switzerland and Australia. Also in Switzerland, we have just entered the portfolio reimbursement agreement for both SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI, and we look forward to treating more CF patients there. The Swiss agreement is also designed to include the triple combination in the future. And with label expansion efforts, we are on track to submit the sNDA in the U.S. for TRIKAFTA for the treatment of CF patients aged 6 to 11 with at least one F508del mutation in the second half of 2020. We are pleased with the rate of uptake that we have seen for TRIKAFTA in the U.S. and for ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI outside the U.S. We continue to see the potential to reach 90% of CF patients worldwide with TRIKAFTA. And we believe that this will continue to drive revenue growth of Vertex in the future. I will now turn the call over to Charlie. Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Ill provide additional comments this evening regarding our Q1 2020 financial results, and well also discuss our revised 2020 financial guidance. All of the results and guidance I will discuss are non-GAAP. First quarter total CF product revenues were $1.52 billion, a 77% increase compared to 2019. TRIKAFTA sales in the first full quarter after launch were $895 million and remarkably TRIKAFTA now generates more revenue than all of our other CF medicines combined. The growth of TRIKAFTA reflects rapid uptake among newly eligible patients as well as among patients switching from other medicines. Importantly, ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI continue to grow outside the U.S. based on rapid uptake in key markets where we achieved reimbursement agreements in late 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, CF product revenues were $328 million outside the U.S., an increase of 51% over the prior year. Our first quarter 2020 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $477 million, compared to $388 million for the first quarter of 2019. Overall, the combination of significant growth in revenues and more moderate growth in spending in the first quarter resulted in an operating margin of 58% and operating income of $877 million, an increase of 133% compared to the first quarter of 2019. Net income for the first quarter of 2020 was $674 million, compared to $296 million in the first quarter of 2019. Now Ill review 2020 guidance. Today, we are revising upward our 2020 financial guidance for total CF product revenues to a range of $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion, which at the midpoint reflects 36% growth over 2019. This range reflects both the very strong TRIKAFTA uptake that Stuart described in his prepared remarks, as well as the moderating factors he described for the remainder of 2020. Were leaving our OpEx and tax guidance unchanged. Now turning to capital allocation, we finished Q1 2020 with $4.2 billion in cash. And our top priority for capital allocation remains to reinvest in both internal and external innovation to create future medicines, and our thinking and strategy in business development have not changed. We are focused on programs and technologies that can accelerate the creation of transformational medicines for the diseases in which we are interested. For example, this week we announced a new collaboration with Affinia Therapeutics. This collaboration gives us access to Affinias innovative and novel AAV capsids and allows us to leverage their AAV expertise to advance the multiple gene editing and genetic therapy programs in development at Vertex. Finally, as we look ahead through 2020, we expect our strong cash flow to continue to support additional investments to fuel our long-term growth. Now back to Reshma for few concluding remarks. Reshma Kewalramani: In closing, its obviously a difficult time for people and for businesses around the world. Youve heard tonight that Vertex is operating according to a set of clear principles, and that we are committed to protecting the health and safety of our people and meeting the needs of the patients we serve. I am proud of the many Vertex employees, who are going above and beyond, adapting to new circumstances and continuing to advance our R&D programs, and helping our business outperform expectations. Im also proud of our many recently announced philanthropic programs to help support the people and communities in which we live and work. The Vertex Foundation has made a number of donations, including to the Boston Resiliency Fund and organizations around the globe, providing health supplies to frontline workers, and to support vulnerable populations through food, care and education. I look forward to sharing further news of our progress in the months ahead. Thank you. And well now open the call to questions. Operator: Thank you.  And our first question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Philip Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on all the progress. Two part question for me. First, you talked about the supply chain and manufacturing, continuing their pace. Are there any pinch-points that you can identify in your distribution networks that could hinder our patients access to your therapies, anything from not being able to get their deliveries at home, to lack of ability to have telemedicine reauthorizations for prescriptions that have already been written? Thats part one. And then, second question just on the pipeline, I think were all focused on the AAT program. Do you have a sense when youll be able to provide guidance on when the data from the Phase 2 study could be available? Thank you. Stuart Arbuckle: Phil, its Stuart. Ill take the first question on supply chain and patients being able to get our medicines and then Reshma will cover AAT. So in terms of the supply chain and manufacturing, we dont see any pinch points really that are not anything that can be overcome. So far, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our manufacturing facilities have remained fully operational. Our ability to supply medicines around the world has continued. Clearly, with things like commercial flights being reduced, there have been some challenges, but its really delays of a number of days and things like that, and certainly nothing that is disrupting patients ability to get their medicines when they need them. And so, we continue to feel very confident that were going to be able to continue to supply both patients who are currently on our medicines and be able to supply launches if we get subsequent approvals. And with that, Ill hand it over to Reshma to handle the AAT question. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. So this is Reshma. Just to remind everyone, the study that youre talking about is the VX-814 study in the AATD disease area. This is a Phase 2 dose ranging study, proof of concept study. Its about 50 people, 3 doses plus placebo. Its 28 days of treatment with another 1 month of follow-up. So thats the study were talking about. And youre right, we had temporarily paused screening and enrollment. And where we are today is that we are in the process of re-initiating screening and enrollment on a site-by-site, country-by-country, region-by-region basis in those areas that are opening and are now able to resume clinical trial activity. With regard to when will the results be available, so this now depends on the dynamics around enrollment. And well only know that when we have a little bit more time under our belt, because as I said, its site-by-site, region-by-region, country-by-country. We are in the process of reinitiating screening enrollment. But we need a little bit more time to determine what those enrollment dynamics will be. We will know what that is. Its just going to take a little bit of time and when we know I will certainly update you. That day is not today. Philip Nadeau: Thats very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open. Michael Yee: Thanks and congrats on the progress as well, great quarter. I guess, 2 questions. Forward-looking, you have a European approval potentially coming. Can you just talk about how the dynamics of your existing portfolio deals, where  remind me which countries have that, and the pace and adoption of some of your recent other deals for the doublets could help accelerate the timing of uptake and then launch in some of those other countries for TRIKAFTA? Maybe just talk about how you think about that versus prior history of your other CF drugs in Europe this year? And then the second question relates, going back to AAT, appreciate the comments. I see that you didnt mention VX-864. Was there anything to say about that? Was that study completed? Maybe just make a comment about that. I thought that was finishing Phase 1. Thanks so much. Stuart Arbuckle: Okay, Mike, its Stuart here. Reshma Kewalramani: Stuart, you want to go first? Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Ill take the question on reimbursement. Mike, firstly, thanks for the congratulations on the quarter. We feel thrilled with how well the business has performed in this first quarter of 2020. In terms of the EU approval for the triple combination and reimbursement, as you know we filed and the file was accepted in October of last year and is currently under review. I really think of access to patients outside of the U.S. really being in kind of 3 categories. Theres, obviously, a country like Germany, which provides immediate access, while you then negotiate the price that they will pay you on a prospective basis. Then, as you say, theres a number of countries where we have portfolio reimbursement agreements. Thats countries like Ireland, Denmark, also we recently concluded a similar agreement in Switzerland. All the portfolio agreements are all slightly different. Some of them include just the currently approved patient populations. Some of them like in Ireland, for instance, also include the FMF population as well. But we would imagine that soon after getting regulatory approval, we would be working with those countries to get hopefully, access very, very quickly after the regulatory approval. And then theres the remaining countries where we dont have portfolio agreements where the regulatory approval really is the beginning of that reimbursement process. I do hope that our reimbursement processes can move more quickly. And I think there are some reasons to be optimistic about that, Mike, not least because we have reimbursement agreements in the vast majority of countries now. And that sets two things, it sets a price in the marketplace. And it also sets a profile of benefit risk in the marketplace. And as you know, we feel very good about the benefit risk profile of the triple combination compared to even our own transformative medicines. And so, Im hopeful that that will provide a tailwind. Obviously, from a payer perspective, label dependent. The triple combination could increase the number of eligible patients, which would be an increase in budget impact. Im sure thats something were going to have to negotiate with them. But thats how we see the reimbursement landscape playing out subsequent to regulatory approval. And on AAT Ill throw it over to Reshma. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. So, Mike, thanks for the question on VX-864. So, VX-814 is the one we just went through, where we had to temporarily paused screening and further enrollment. Thats the one where were in the process of reinitiating both screening and enrollment. And thats the one thats already in Phase 2 dose-ranging. VX-864 is the next molecule in our AATD program. That one has completed its Phase 1 study. Weve had a chance to look at the safety and the PK. That one is going to be ready to go into its Phase 2 proof-of-concept dose-ranging study. And I anticipate that thats going to happen in this year, the second half of this year. Michael Yee: Okay, thanks for that. Appreciate it. Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Salveen Richter: Good afternoon and congratulations on the launch as well. When you talked about guidance, you mentioned a couple of buckets here. And would it be possible to quantify on how to think about the early prescription refills and the buying patterns from other countries that were pulled forward? And then secondly, with persistence and patient compliance, where do you see that level typically level off based on historically whats been seen with this franchise? And then thirdly, I guess, on the pipeline, should we expect 147 data in APOL1-mediated kidney disease to be on track for the year? And maybe you could just frame for us what the clinical bar is here. Thank you. Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, Salveen, let me ask Charlie to tackle the question around guidance. And then Ill come back and talk to you about 147. Charlie? Charles Wagner: Yeah, thanks, Salveen. As you noted, weve increased guidance for the year to the range of $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion. And really the primary driver behind that is the success of the launch and the significant patient uptake. And you see that reflected in Q1. Thats said, were always mindful that folks not look at a single quarter performance and extrapolate from there. So I think its important, as Stuart outlined in the call, we did see some patients refilling prescriptions early in the first quarter as well as some countries,  , accelerating their purchases, which resulted in a little bit earlier revenue recognition for us. Were not going to dollarize that specifically, but I think you can conclude since we mentioned it, it was significant enough that we thought it was worth calling out. And then Stuart talked about you know the fact where we are in terms of the ramp up on patients. There are still some patients to get on drug, of course. But the rate of new initiation is slowing and could see some delays in future quarters as a result of changes in policies at CF centers in response to COVID. And then, lastly around persistence and compliance, I think that the way to think about it is, when patients first initiate on a medicine, their persistence and compliance rates are essentially at 100%. And that number only goes down from there over subsequent quarters until it levels out at more of a steady state. And so, weve talked about in the past persistence and compliance, the combination of those 2 factors, even if youre at 90%-plus on both, you do the math on that, you can see that we have to come down from 100%. So, those will have an increasing impact over the balance of the second half of the year. And its part of what we considered as we put the guidance together. But, importantly, the midpoint of the guidance implies 36% growth year-over-year. Its an acceleration over last years 32%. And so, we are shaping up for another great year, and it really highlights just how differentiated this business is, particularly at this very uncertain time. Reshma Kewalramani: Salveen, this is Reshma. With regard to your question around 147, just to remind everyone, this is our program in APOL1-mediated FSGS and FSGS is a  APOL1-mediated FSGS I should say, the homogeneous kidney disease that is characterized by heavy proteinuria. And unfortunately for these patients, its sort of a relentless course of a decline in kidney function with one of only two outcomes. One is going on to dialysis or transplantation, and the other one unfortunately is death. Clearly, a disease with high unmet need. This program, the key endpoint that were looking for in terms of efficacy is proteinuria. And we are looking for a decrease in proteinuria. The renal community regulators and in the US, the FDA and academics and those involved in research in kidney disease have had many conferences around the topic of endpoints. And I think it would be very fair to say that proteinuria, which is the endpoint we are measuring in this Phase 2 proof-of-concept study that I just described that we are now up and running in. That would be the endpoint of importance in Phase 3. And in terms of patients, thats what we are looking for, and thats what were monitoring for. Salveen Richter: Thank you. Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Your line is open. Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question and a big congrats on the quarter. Just had a couple. Stuart, when I look at the guidance, the run rate is higher than your guidance. Is the delta primarily from the expected decline from SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI, just switching to TRIKAFTA or is it that you guys are being conservative? And then, beyond the 10% of CF patients that you cant address today, are there any updates to the commercial efforts to expand the TRIKAFTA CF patient base, for example, in Latin America or South Africa or other regions beyond on the ones that youre expected to go in? And just for Reshma, real quick on the pipeline, you guys have been pretty active on the BD front and have a ton of different assets and indications. But the question is, does the acceleration in the uptick in CF really change your urgency or the size of future BD deals? Thank you. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, Geoff, let me ask Stuart to go first and talk a little bit about the launch and some launch dynamics. And Ill just make a quick comment. We have seen uptake of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. in all eligible populations. And weve just been so pleased to be able to serve all patients who are eligible. Stuart? Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Geoff, as Reshma says, the uptake of TRIKAFTA has been very strong across all eligible patients. And that includes transitioning from our existing medicines, where the indications are overlapping, so KALYDECO, ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO patients have been moving over from those medicines to TRIKAFTA. In our results thats obviously balanced by the growth weve seen outside the U.S. with ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI as its called outside of the U.S. following the new reimbursement agreements. So weve really got that kind of those 2 different dynamics going on some cannibalization in the U.S. and continued growth outside of the U.S. As Charlie referenced earlier, we did see in the first quarter some early refills by patients and also some advanced purchasing by some governments outside the U.S. presumably in response to the early days of the of the pandemic, that essentially is something that we would expect to sort of even out over the course of this year. In terms of the dynamics, which we are anticipating could potentially play out for the balance of the year. As Charlie said that, the biggest single factor really is going to be persistence and compliance. As he said, patient when they initiate therapy, they are 100% persistent and compliant, and as we know, those numbers are only going to drift downwards from there. Now we expect them to be high with TRIKAFTA, because of the benefit risk profile, but those will have an impact on our future revenues. And that is incorporated as is a slowing of initiations into our revised guidance. And as Charlie said, at $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion that still represents at the midpoint 36% growth over 2019, which is actually an acceleration of the revenues we delivered in 2019. So were pleased to be able to increase our guidance at this uncertain time. And then on the kind of capital allocation and BD question, I think, Ill hand that one over the Reshma. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So with regard to our strategy around BD, the truth of the matter is that the strategy is exactly the same and nothing has changed. And for those of you who havent heard me say it or havent heard us say, let me just say very simply, we have 3 pillars in our BD strategy. The first is we look at anything that moves in CF regardless of modality, regardless of stage of development. The second is we look for early stage assets that fit into our corporate and R&D strategy and that fit into our Sandbox. And I say early stage, because up until recently, the assets in later stages of development have been fully priced, if not overpriced, and our ability to bring value is in our research development, regulatory and commercialization engine. And the third is to add tools to our toolbox. And youve seen us be very active in this area, including todays announcement with Affinia. Weve done deals in small molecules. Weve done deals with AAV manufacturing. Weve done deals with CRISPR as well as in cell and other genetic therapies. And so those 3 pillars are going to stay exactly the same. Maybe whats changed for where we find ourselves in terms of time is what we bring to the table its probably even stronger today than at any previous time. What I mean by that is we know exactly what we want, as I described, our strategy is really very clear and its been there for some time. So were very clear on what we are looking for. The second is our capacity to do deals and our ability to consummate deals is, I think, very strong. And you see that that we were able to do the Affinia deal despite this COVID situation that is upon us. And the third is our balance sheet is strong and growing. And I think that is an important element in this moment in time. Operator: Thank you. And we have a call  a question from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Your line is open. Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to ask one commercial question and one pipeline question. On the TRIKAFTA launch, I was wondering, if you could comment on physician patient dynamic in the pandemic as it relates to prescribing. Do physicians need to see their patients in person to prescribe this medicine? And how might that vary in the U.S. and Europe? And then second on the AAT program, I was wondering if youve had any evolving thought on what might constitute a great outcome in that study? What AAT level threshold, do you think, its kind of a homerun and almost unequivocal in its implications of clinical benefit versus what level range might be a little bit harder to kind of extrapolate as we think about future outcomes? Thanks so much. Stuart Arbuckle: Hey, Paul. Its Stuart here. On the physician patient dynamic, for sure, that physician patient dynamic has been disrupted by the pandemic for the reasons that you can imagine many of these physicians are actually on the front line, certainly, the adult pulmonary physicians of dealing with the pandemic. And as you well know, CF patients do fall into that category of patients who would potentially be vulnerable were they to become infected. And so it certainly has disrupted the dynamic. What we do know, though, is that physicians and patients have managed to maintain very, very active dialogue, many of them moving to more remote digital ways of interacting and those interaction levels are very high, although, obviously, face to face interactions have been reduced in many places for all but emergency situations. That doesnt seem to have interrupted initiations too much in the first quarter given the strength that we saw in the first quarter, but it is something that we are certainly conscious of and are aware, may have an impact on the rate of future initiations, and its one of the factors weve tried to take into account when establishing our revised guidance range. And AAT, Ill hand over to Reshma. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So what I can tell you is what are we looking for? How will we know that weve had success with our proof-of-concept study in AAT? So there are a few important parameters that were monitoring as we think about the Phase 2 dose ranging study. The first is safety, obviously, this is the first use of the correctors of the AAT protein in a population of people who have this disease. So safety is critical and its right up there. The second is PK and exposure. Were looking to ensure that we have the right exposure that we have the right dosing interval, and that we are seeing the kind of impact that we are projecting based on our first-in-human study. And then lastly, and probably, what you are alluding to is the AAT levels, and thats really important. What Im looking for here with our studies is that the levels go up not only in terms of antigenic levels, but in terms of the functional AAT levels. And the reason I say that is, Im looking for the levels to go up and Im not really focused on any particular number is this. When we think about drug development here at Vertex, we really divided into cracking the biology and then pouring on the chemistry. In this disease area, unlike in CF, the stage that were really at and the part thats very, very difficult is cracking the biology. And our ability to look at safety, exposure and note that the levels of both antigenic and functional are going up tells us that weve cracked the biology. And then its a matter of pouring on the chemistry. And that is amongst the 2, be easier. And I certainly dont mean to imply that the chemistry is easier, but it is the easier part of that equation. Paul Matteis: Thanks very much. Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open. Alethia Young: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question or two, and congrats on a very good quarter. One, I guess just philosophically, with whats going on with COVID. I mean, do you prioritize kind of the near-term pipeline in the same way? I mean, some of this ties into what weve been talking about with AAT and getting that trial back up and running versus in FSGS. Certainly, people with long, maybe a little bit more prone to these challenges? And then, my second question, just as I want you to talk a little bit about the Affinia deal today, and what you think that adds in your capacity in DMD and CF? Thanks. Reshma Kewalramani: I think you got  you cut out just a little bit, but I think that the first question was around COVID and clinical trials. Alethia Young: Well, just I wanted to understand like if this changes the prioritization of your pipeline itself like in light of what disruption you have with your clinical trial studies, some of them? Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, sure. So with regard to the COVID-19 situation and our clinical trials, our priorities remain very much the same. Our trials in CF are progressing and weve been able to continue that quite well. Weve moved to telephonic visits. Weve moved more to remote monitoring and such. But obviously, the safety of our patients is our top priority. Were making sure that the integrity of our trial remains, but we have been able to continue our work in CF quite well. And the remainder of our pipeline outside of CF, as I said, the AATD program, we have already reinitiated our activities to have screening and enrollment restart in the 814 program. The FSGS program is actually exactly on time with the sites getting started up in April and huge credit. I am so proud of our Vertex team that have just stepped up and gone above and beyond to get this work done. And if you think about clinical trials as a whole, as I said in my prepared remarks, each disease area, each study is quite different. It depends on the phase of the study, it depends on whether there is established benefit risk, and it even depends on some more nuanced factors around whether the study sites are hospital affiliated, i.e., in the hospital itself, or separate institutions, separate buildings. Of course, the disease area matters, because physicians in certain subspecialties are more pulled into the pandemic than in others. With regard to Affinia, what this really is another tool in our toolbox and youve seen us methodically, carefully and very deliberately go around and assemble, what I think is really one of the best, if not the best toolboxes in the industry. This particular strategic partnership has to do with research activities to develop engineer capsids that have greater affinity and tropism for certain tissues, like muscle for DMD and DM1 as well as for some of our other disease areas of interest. And given the presence and our great interest in genetic therapies, this is a key tool in our toolbox. Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Evan Seigerman with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on the progress. So looking towards potential reimbursement negotiations outside of the United States for TRIKAFTA, assuming approval, do you see any risk of access delays or issues if government budgets are impacted due to the economic decline as a result of the ongoing pandemic? And how flexible would you be to open up access for patients with these  given these potential economic issues? Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, thanks for the question, Evan. Clearly, the COVID-19 pandemic and governments responses around the world has put a significant strain on finances and more so than in their various health services. And well have to see how that situation plays out. Obviously, were not actually in those reimbursement negotiations in the vast majority of countries yet, because those really only commenced at the point of regulatory approval. So well really have to see what approach they take at that point in time. As Reshma said, though, in her prepared remarks, this is a situation that will pass over time. And were really going to be negotiating reimbursement agreements, which are hopefully going to be long lasting, because this is a terrific medicine, one that we feel very strongly has an incredible benefit risk profile. And therefore, we believe deserves to be rewarded with a premium price that is respect  reflective of the value that it brings to patients. So theres really not much more we can say about those discussions, because we really havent got into them with the various government authorities involved. Evan Seigerman: All right. Thank you for that. Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust. Your line is open. Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And I think, youve done a great job sort of outlining a lot of the questions that we have, so great job in the call, great job in the quarter, and just follow-up a couple of things. So Reshma, I know you said that, your business development, it hasnt really changed as far as strategy, but you did highlight that you have more capacity to deals. You have more cash and your balance sheet is strong. So what does that mean? Does that mean me we could see bigger deals over time? And second question is, people believe Vertex is very protected, given so many of your patients are government reimbursed. What are you seeing in the United States as far as any signals that there could be a disruption to reimbursement of your drug in the coming quarters as COVID moves forward, and people may have challenges with obtaining employment? Thank you. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Thanks for those questions, Robyn. With regard to BD, what can you expect from us? You can expect us to continue to be disciplined. Our strategy is really clear to us. And were very, very disciplined about executing on the strategy as I laid it out. Youre right about the fact that our balance sheet is strong and getting stronger by the day. And youve seen us transact on a number of deals be it partnerships in the research arena? Or as you saw us do towards the tail end of 2019, 2 acquisitions, one with Exonics and one with Semma. And let me just tell you, I am absolutely delighted with both of those acquisitions and very excited about the integration that has happened and the more we get into it, the sweeter it gets. And so those have been very, very positive for us. The capacity that we built here is increased to do deals. Im very pleased with how the integrations have gone and Charlie has been running those so our ability to do acquisitions and integrate is also advanced. And the fact that we have done this have been recognized to be able to do it, I think, is something that will do well by us as we go forward. So can you expect us to do more deals? Yes. Will they be greater in number? Were going to have to let some time pass, but that wouldnt surprise me. Are they going to be deals that are huge? Are we going to buy revenues? No. Though, thats not part of our strategy, and thats not what youre going to see us do. Stuart Arbuckle: And Robyn, on the question of coverage here in the U.S., actually, the majority of our payer mix is actually commercial rather than government. During the course of the quarter, we really havent seen any change in our payer mix. Obviously, thats something that we are monitoring closely. Sensitive to the increase in unemployment that there has been, and that those uncertainties were one of the reasons why we widened our guidance range, whilst at the same time increasing our guidance. We also widened our guidance range, because there are a number of uncertainties that we are going to have to see how they play out over time. Certainly in the first quarter, we didnt see any change in our payer mix and/or signals of disruptions to coverage for patients. Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mohit Bansal with Citi. Your line is open. Mohit Bansal: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the progress. Just moving a little bit on the pipeline side, regarding your diabetes program, it seems like your approach uses a fully differentiated beta cell, while there are other approaches including progenitor cells. Could you please help us understand how these differences could ultimately impact the end result? And why one could be better than other of approach here. Thank you. Reshma Kewalramani: Mohit, I think youre asking about how our approach to Type 1 diabetes and the cell program maybe different from other approaches. And let me just tell you a little bit about our approach, and then I can do a little bit of a compare and contrast for you. So our program that came into us with our acquisition of Semma is really a program that is based on 20-plus years of work done by Doug Melton, who is the preeminent beta cell physician scientists in the world. And what Semma was successful in doing and the reason that we were so excited about the acquisition is they have found a process and a methodology to not only develop, grow and in an industrial manner, make pancreatic islet cells. These islet cells are fully differentiated. And they have also come up with a technology that allows for a device in which these cells can be placed that can be put into patients with Type 1 diabetes. And with the device, the big idea would be no immunosuppression would be needed. Obviously, immunosuppression is going to be required for the naked cells. I would say that there are a few differences compared to other approaches, but the highlights of the following: the approach that we are pursuing pertains to fully differentiated islet cells; and two, that we have an approach here that has been tested in large animal models with the device that has shown itself to be a device that can be placed over time without the troubles that many others have seen. Mohit Bansal: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Cory Kasimov: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just have one left for you on the topic of reimbursement. I wanted to ask about the ICER report on the cost effectiveness of TRIKAFTA that was published earlier this week. Wed just love to get your thoughts on the current pricing versus their much lower recommendation. Why do you think theres such a big discrepancy? And do you foresee or think its a risk of any pushback from payers as a result of this? Thanks. Stuart Arbuckle: Cory, thanks for the question. As you know, we have and others have some significant methodological concerns with ICER and the way approaches and assessment of medicines value both the methods, some of the rather arbitrary thresholds that are chosen and really its inability to fully capture benefits of transformative medicines with lifelong benefits like ours. So we do have concerns with the methodologies and thresholds. And I wont go into them in minute detail. In terms of the statistics, the most important statistic to me is that 99%-plus of the patients who are eligible for TRIKAFTA are covered by either government or commercial plans which are reimbursing the medicine. And to me thats the most important statistic, because it demonstrates that payers recognize the value of TRIKAFTA and want to provide immediate access to it consistent with our label and if they hadnt done that, we wouldnt have been able to deliver the great quarters weve had. So we feel thats a much better mark of whether payers recognize the value of TRIKAFTA and we are certainly going to be doing everything we can to ensure that the ICER report doesnt lead them to restricting coverage, which I think would be a tragic day for CF patients. Cory Kasimov: Okay, very helpful. Thanks. Reshma Kewalramani: If I could just add a comment, Cory, this is Reshma. TRIKAFTA is a medicine with absolutely unprecedented efficacy. The benefit risk is 100% clear. It is something that is recognized by physician and patients around the globe. I do not expect any change in pricing or our approach in the U.S. or outside the U.S. You know that we have a long tradition of pricing our drugs for the value that they bring. And there is just no doubt about the value that this particular medicine, TRIKAFTA, brings to patients. Cory Kasimov: Right, very cool and helpful. Thanks a lot. Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. Congratulations on the strong quarter. A commercial question and a pipeline question. On the commercial side, any surprises in gross to net? Any additional inventory builds, given the rapidity of TRIKAFTA of uptake? And might you expect any benefits on persistence and compliance due to COVID-19, such that those may drift down less than would have otherwise been expected. And then, on the pipeline side, with the PK, PD characterized for 864, just curious if theres any additional insights that you guys have on similarities and differences versus 814. Thanks Reshma Kewalramani: I ask Stuart to just comment on persistence and compliance, and then Ill ask Charlie to comment on the rest of your question, Stuart? Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Brian, on persistence and compliance, as we said in our prepared remarks, we did see patients refill early in the quarter, both here in the U.S. and ex-U.S. And so, mathematically that is an increase in compliance. However, we do expect that that is going to get a play out over the course of the year. And I dont expect that COVID-19 will really have a substantial impact on persistence and compliance of TRIKAFTA. I think the thing thats going to drive the levels of persistence and compliance are the exceptional benefit/risk profile that Reshma just mentioned. And then, on the gross to net, inventory changes, Ill hand that over to Charlie. Charles Wagner: Yeah, Brian, on gross to net nothing noteworthy in the quarter that the gross to net moves around a little bit from quarter to quarter depending on when we true-up invoices that come in, but nothing noteworthy in the quarter here. And then, around inventory, I guess, that would distinguish, if you recall that in the fourth quarter, we talked about a launch related inventory build. That was more of a channel inventory build. And what were talking about here, as were giving color on the first quarter results and on guidance is more of a patient-driven or a government-driven inventory build, which is different from the channel build that we talked about in the fourth quarter. Theres no incremental color in the first quarter on the channel inventory that has not changed significantly and is not part of the color that were giving on the first quarter. Michael Partridge: Operator, now that were past 6:00 PM, we have time for just one more question. Operator: We have a question from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Matthew Harrison: Great. Good evening. Thanks for fitting me in. Stuart, I was just hoping maybe you could help us think about phasing of revenues broadly as we think about pushing into the younger patients as well as Europe. Just maybe remind us about the sizes of those populations relative to the population that youve currently penetrated with TRIKAFTA. Thanks. Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, thanks for the question. Obviously, from a long-term perspective, we believe TRIKAFTA has the potential to treat up to 90% of CF patients, because of the levels of efficacy we are able to deliver. And clearly, to do that we need to do a couple of things; one, we need to get it approved outside of the U.S. for the 12-plus population; and then, obviously, we need to increase the label there to expand it down into lower age populations. We have submitted in the backend of last year in Europe for TRIKAFTA or the triple combination, I should say, for the 12 plus population. The label we are going to get there yet, so its really impossible to tell you exactly how big the size of the eligible patient population is there. We have more recently also submitted in Australia and Switzerland again for 12-plus. In terms of the label expansions, in terms of taking the age range down the, 6 to 11 TRIKAFTA sNDA here in the U.S., we anticipate submitting in the second half of this year. So really the primary drivers of our guidance and the increase in our guidance are really TRIKAFTA in the 12-plus population here in the U.S. and the growth that weve seen in ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI outside the U.S., as a result largely of the reimbursement agreements that we put in place in the second half of 2019. Michael Partridge: Okay, operator. Thanks, everybody for joining the call tonight. The Investor Relations team is either in the office or remote, and well be following up with analysts who didnt get a chance to ask a question, as well as any other questions you may have tonight. Really appreciate you dialing in and stay safe. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 16:30:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening. Welcome to the Vertex Full-Year and Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex.Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website.We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in todays press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation those regarding Vertexs marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertexs future financial performance, are based on managements current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially.I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. We saw many investors and analysts at the JPMorgan Conference two weeks ago. So Ill spend just a few moments highlighting our 2019 achievements and what we believe sets Vertex apart for the future.2019 was a truly remarkable year for Vertex. All parts of our business met or exceeded the goals we set at the start of the year. And as a result, we are very well-positioned to bring our CF medicines to many more people and to advance our broad pipeline in additional diseases in 2020.In cystic fibrosis, the U.S. approval of TRIKAFTA for patients 12 and older in October, five months ahead of our PDUFA date, was the most significant milestone to date in our efforts to bring new CF medicines to all people with this disease. TRIKAFTA is a remarkable medicine that holds the potential to treat up to 90% of all people with CF.As youll hear from Stuart, the U.S. launch of TRIKAFTA in patients ages 12 and older is off to a very strong start. This clear interest in TRIKAFTA across all groups of eligible patients and the early feedback from both patients and doctors is highly positive.Outside the U.S. in 2019, we reached a number of key reimbursement agreements for our CF medicines that will allow many thousands of new patients to begin treatment with our CFTR modulators in countries, including England, France, Spain, Australia and many others throughout 2020.We are also making excellent progress advancing and broadening our pipeline beyond CF. As we enter 2020, we are now in the clinic with multiple new medicines in five diseases outside of CF. We continue to implement our strategy of advancing a portfolio of medicines into clinical development for each of the disease areas.Key programs include alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, our AAT program, where we have multiple small molecule correctors in the clinic, aimed at addressing the underlying cause of disease in both the liver and the lung. These include VX-814, which has recently entered Phase 2 clinical development.Beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease, where we announced clinical data for two patients treated with CTX001, a one-time CRISPR/Cas9 ex vivo gene-editing therapy, which suggests that we may be able to functionally cure these diseases.FSGS, where our first small molecule aimed at halting the progression of the disease, will move into Phase 2 development in 2020. And type 1 diabetes, where we are developing an autologous islet transplantation therapy with cells alone, and a second, with a combination of cells and a device to correct islet cell function and potentially transform the treatment of this disease.Importantly, these pipeline programs now span multiple modalities, including small molecules, where Vertex has excelled in the past, but also new approaches such as cell and genetic therapies. For these new modalities, weve acquired or partnered with leading companies who have the best teams and unique expertise to manufacture and deliver transformational therapies for diseases that fit our strategy.In the business development, we completed more transactions in 2019 than in the four prior years, including our acquisitions of Semma with a leading cell therapy approach for type 1 diabetes and Exonics, the leader in gene editing for DMD and DM1.In summary, 2019 was the combination of almost a decade of focused execution against our strategy of discovering and developing transformative medicines for serious diseases in specialty areas by focusing on validated targets and predictive biomarkers that will improve the probability of clinical success.Our strategy is playing out exactly as we had planned and will position us for continued short-term and long-term growth. The company has never been stronger or better positioned for future success in CF and beyond.Let me now turn the call over to Reshma, who will talk in more detail about the year ahead.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Jeff. Our 2019 progress has positioned us for continued growth in 2020 and for many years to come. We are focused on bringing our CF medicines to more people, advancing our pipeline and building financial strength to support continued investment in internal and external innovation.In 2020, we expect to gain approval for the triple combination in Europe in patients 12 years and older and to submit TRIKAFTA for approval in the U.S. for children ages six to 11. Beyond CF, we are advancing multiple molecules in our pipeline through late preclinical and early clinical development and are now entering a period of multiple proof-of-concept data readouts and clinical advances with potentially transformative medicines.With our AAT program, we recently initiated a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study of the small molecule corrector, VX-814 in patients with two copies of the Z mutation and expect data from the study in 2020.In APOL1-mediated FSGS, we completed a Phase 1 study of VX-147 in late 2019 and expect to initiate an open label Phase 2 proof-of-concept study in 2020 to evaluate the reduction in protein levels in the urine with VX-147.In pain, having established proof-of-concept data from NaV1.8 inhibition with VX-150 in multiple Phase 2 studies, our focus is now to find the optimal molecule or molecules to advance into mid and late-stage studies. We are continuing to advance a portfolio of medicines into clinical development and will be advancing an additional molecule into Phase 1 development in the first-half of 2020. We have discontinued Phase 1 development of VX-961, because it did not display optimal PK and tolerability profile.Beyond our small molecule programs, weve made significant progress in building and progressing a portfolio of cell and genetic therapies, in line with our research strategy, primarily through our business development activities. We are highly encouraged by our recent clinical data for our CRISPR/Cas9 ex vivo gene-editing treatment CTX001 for beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease. Both studies continue to enroll and we expect to provide additional data for this program in 2020.Id also like to highlight our cell therapy approach for type 1 diabetes. This program comes to us from our acquisition of Semma Therapeutics in October of 2019. The team of scientists at Semma have cracked the biology on both the production and scale up of fully mature islet cells and has developed a novel implantable device to protect these cells from the immune system, while preserving cell health and function. We have set an ambitious goal to progress this program into clinical development in late 2020 or early 2021.In summary, weve made outstanding progress in CF and multiple other diseases in 2019. And I look forward to updating you on our progress over the coming months and years.Ill now turn the call over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Reshma. Im pleased to review with you this evening our strong commercial performance for 2019. Our full-year 2019 CF revenues were $4 billion, up from $3 billion in 2018, which represents year-over-year growth of 32%. This growth in total revenues was driven primarily by the full-year impact of the SYMDEKO launch in the U.S. and Germany, label expansions for our CF medicines globally and the early approval and launch of TRIKAFTA in the U.S.The launch of TRIKAFTA is off to a very strong start. Our fourth quarter total CF product revenues were approximately $1.25 billion, including TRIKAFTA revenues of $420 million, making TRIKAFTA already our top-selling medicine.I would note that our fourth quarter revenues include, as expected, launch-related stocking of approximately $100 million. Approximately 18,000 patients are eligible for TRIKAFTA in the U.S., which represents the largest patient population eligible for one of our CF medicines at the time of approval and launch.For 6,000 of these people, this is the first time they have had a medicine to treat the underlying cause of their CF. We are seeing strong interest from all groups of eligible patients, including new initiations, as well as patients transitioning from our other CFTR modulators.Our commercial supply, market access, patient support, marketing and field teams were ready for an early approval. And since October, these teams have been doing a phenomenal job with CF centers and commercial and government payers. The centers and their multidisciplinary teams have done a remarkable job responding to the high-patient demand. And while still early in the launch, we are on track to obtain broad reimbursement for TRIKAFTA in the U.S., similar to what we have seen for our other CF medicines. Together, these factors have combined to produce the strong start to the launch.Outside the U.S., we reached multiple reimbursement agreements in 2019 in key countries, which will enable many thousands of patients to initiate treatment with certain Vertex medicines for the first time. While TRIKAFTA will be the main driver of Vertexs revenue growth in 2020, we also expect an increase in international revenues based on more patients initiating treatment with our medicines outside the U.S.In summary, Im pleased that we are bringing our medicines to many more patients around the globe.And with that, Ill now turn the call over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. I will provide additional remarks this evening regarding our 2019 financial results and I will also discuss our 2020 financial guidance. All of the results and guidance I will discuss are non-GAAP.As Stuart mentioned, we had fourth quarter total CF product revenues of approximately $1.25 billion, a 45% increase compared to 2018. Our fourth quarter 2019 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $496 million, including the operating expenses of Exonics and Semma, compared to $400 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. The significant growth in revenues and disciplined spending in the fourth quarter resulted in operating income of $593 million, a 70% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2018Net income for the fourth quarter of 2019 was $444 million, compared to $337 million for the fourth quarter of 2018. Our full-year financial results reflect a similar story of strong revenue growth and disciplined spending, resulting in exceptional operating income growth.Our total CF revenues for 2019 were $4 billion, a 32% increase over full-year 2018. Our 2019 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $1.69 billion, compared to $1.53 billion for 2018. Our full-year operating income was $1.79 billion for 2019, compared to $1.11 billion for 2018, a year-over-year increase of more than 60%.As our profitability and cash flow increase as a result of treating more CF patients globally, we have deliberately reinvested in both internal and external innovation to create future medicines.In 2019, we invested approximately $1.6 billion in external innovation through new acquisitions and collaborations. Even with the significant BD activity, we ended the year with approximately $3.8 billion in cash and marketable securities, compared to $3.2 billion at the end of 2018.As we look ahead to 2020 and beyond, we expect continued increases in cash flow to provide more flexibility for additional investments to fuel our long-term growth.Now on to 2020 guidance. Today, were providing 2020 financial guidance for total CF product revenues, as well as for combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses and our anticipated effective tax rate. The strong uptake of TRIKAFTA and the recent completion of reimbursement agreements outside the U.S. have positioned Vertex for continued strong revenue growth in 2020. Our 2020 guidance for total CF product revenues is $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion, which at the midpoint, reflects approximately 30% growth over 2019.I would note a few dynamics that are reflected in our 2020 guidance. As part of the strong launch of TRIKAFTA, that Stuart mentioned, we saw an expected launch-related inventory build of approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter that we do not expect to repeat in 2020.Also, as we move through 2020 as with all of our CFTR modulators, persistence and compliance dynamics will affect TRIKAFTA revenues. And therefore, our experience with our other CF medicines is factored into our guidance. Lastly, we expect gross to net adjustments of 13% to 14% for 2020.Focusing in on Q1 2020, we expect our revenues to be modestly higher than Q4 2019 revenues. This reflects the impact of the fourth quarter inventory build, as well as gross to net adjustments in the first quarter of each year that are generally higher relative to the previous quarter.We expect 2020 combined R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.95 billion to $2 billion. The increase compared to 2019 is primarily driven by the launch of TRIKAFTA globally and the expansion of our R&D pipeline into additional diseases. Our R&D expense growth includes increased investment to advance our programs and cell and genetic therapies, including type 1 diabetes and DMD.Now to tax guidance, where we expect our full-year non-GAAP tax rate to be 21% to 22%. The tax rate may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter with the highest rate occurring in the fourth quarter. The vast majority of our tax provision will be non-cash expense until we fully use our net operating losses.As Jeff noted, Vertex has a unique long-term growth potential that is based on continued revenue growth in CF and an expanding pipeline. And with continued spending discipline, we expect operating margins, earnings and cash flow to continue to increase.Now back to Jeff for a few concluding comments.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks, Charlie. As this is my last quarterly call as CEO, I hope you indulge me for a couple of minutes for some final comments. First, it has been a tremendous pleasure and honor to lead Vertex for the past eight years. I always say the drug discovery and development is the ultimate team sport. None of our successes would have happened without several incredible teams.First, I want to thank the entire Vertex team, including our senior leadership team, most of whom have been with me for the entire journey. Ive never seen a stronger team in my 35 years in the industry and Im so proud and grateful for all of their work.The commitment of our outstanding senior leaders and employees to execute the Vertex strategy of serial innovation to deliver transformational medicines to patients and to grow the business is the driving force for our recent achievements, and its also what will differentiate us and position us for long-term success for the future.Second, I want to thank our Board of Directors and our investors for their constant support, encouragement and advice. Even when I first became CEO and we were still losing several hundred million dollars a year, were trying to develop the first transformative CF medicines.And finally, and most importantly, I want to thank the entire CF community, patients, families and caregivers for their courage, their persistent encouragement and their enthusiastic participation in this amazing journey toward a cure for all patients with this devastating disease. I look forward to continuing to work with all of you as Executive Chairman to bring more transformative medicines to patients with serious diseases who are waiting.I will now open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Co. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Jeff, let me be the first to congratulate you and all that you and the Vertex team have achieved in your eight years of the CEO tenure. Its really been quite something to watch. Then, my question is just in terms of the numbers.First, Stuart, you mentioned really three buckets of TRIKAFTA patients, those transitioning from ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO, new patients being added to therapy, who had no option prior and the new initiations maybe among the holdouts to dropouts in other populations. Could you give us some sense of the dynamics in those three markets in  of the $300 million in end user demand? Where do they come from?And then second, just on the inventory, it seems like $100 million of inventory is really just two to three weeks of inventory, given the current run rate. So to be clear on your comments, its not that you expected inventory to come out of the channel during Q1. Its just that there is no subsequent inventory build, given that youre already had a kind of average run rate for inventory in the channel? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. Great. Phil, Ill take the question on the TRIKAFTA uptake, and then Charlie can talk to the inventory. So, as you know, we had a very strong launch. There are a number of eligible patient populations. As you might tell from the strong launch, we have had a high level of interest from all patient groups and weve seen uptake in all of those patient groups and we expect that to continue into 2020. And so to handle the inventory question, Ill throw that over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Yes. Phil, to your question, the inventory  first of all, the inventory build in the fourth quarter was expected. And Id say, the magnitude of the build is probably even a little bit less than what you mentioned. But  therefore, I think its fair to say that, that is a  we commented that, thats a build that wont repeat nor do we expect it to get drawn down significantly. Inventory bounces around a couple of day to  a day or two on any given quarter, but thats about the right level.
Phil Nadeau: Thats very helpful. Thanks for my questions and congrats on the performance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Michael Yee: Hi, thanks for the question and, again, congrats on a great result. And, obviously, Jeff, you are moving and leaving them with a great position. I guess, I just wanted to ask, Stu, you made some comments just now on where the buckets were. But maybe you could just characterize how you think about the swapping dynamic and was there parts of that number for swapping? And how do you think, what percent of swapping could happen throughout 2020, just so we can think about that?And then maybe a question for Reshma. I mean, I know that therell be a lot of focus on AAT next. I know youve given a broad guidance on 2020. Can you just talk about the speed of that study? Its a short study. What youre doing there and how fast we can get that data? It just seems like a very broad timeline for 2020 data. Thank you so much.
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. Mike, on the uptake of TRIKAFTA. As I said, weve seen interest across all of the patient groups and that includes those who are currently being treated with one of our existing CFTR modulators. Over time, where we have overlapping labels, given the superiority of the TRIKAFTA profile, we expect the vast majority of patients who are eligible for TRIKAFTA are going to switch to TRIKAFTA. Exactly how long that process will take, its hard to tell. Obviously, were early in the launch. But in terms of the destination, the vast majority of those patients are going to transition to TRIKAFTA.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hi, Mike. With regard to the alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency program, I think, the one youre referring to is VX-814, thats the one thats furthest ahead. Its the one we started Phase 2 proof-of-concept dose-ranging toward the very tail-end of 2019. So actually, its really very early days. Were just getting going with that study. Im expecting that we will have results from the program in 2020, but its just way too early to give you more color around that.
Michael Yee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Salveen Richter: Thanks for taking my question and, Jeff, congrats on all that youve achieved at Vertex. So firstly, could you just comment on how the 2019 TRIKAFTA launch will then form the cadence of uptake during 2020?And then secondly, as we look at the pipeline, any new thoughts around the requirements for the regulatory pathway for alpha-1 antitrypsin here regarding the need for liver biopsy or not. And then secondly, with Type 1 diabetes, what does a proof-of-concept study look like here?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Salveen, its Stuart. Ill take the question on the 2019 and impact on 2020. So obviously, given the results weve announced today, off to a very, very strong start. Having said that, there are many patients. We continue to need to get onto TRIKAFTA. So we are expecting continued growth through 2020 in terms of adding patients and thats built into our guidance of $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion.As Charlie said, one other factor to take into account, as you think about the cadence or the shape of those revenues is the impact of persistence and compliance and how that will impact revenues. It does have an impact although as weve seen with our other CFTR modulators. Our expectation is that the levels of persistence and compliance will be high with TRIKAFTA, particularly given the strong clinical profile. And then I think on the AAT and type 1, I think Reshma will take those.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So let me tackle the diabetes question first, and Ill take AATD second. So with regard to the diabetes program, thats the cell therapy program that we acquired through the Semma acquisition. So, I mean, the proof-of-concept I imagine to be something you can think about more akin to sickle cell and our beta thal program versus a small molecule program.And what I mean by that is, we are going to be able to go into the clinic right into patients. Its not going to have a healthy volunteer step. And whether we go with the cell program alone or the cell with the device, I think, the kind of endpoints you could expect are fairly straightforward ones, glucose levels, hemoglobin A1c. Clearly, hypoglycemic episodes on the safety side will be something that were watching. But I think that kind of gives you a good sense for what were going to be watching for.The other thing to mention is, I think that you can, again, similar to beta thal and sickle cell, I anticipate that the proof-of-concept studies are going to be a reasonable size and a very reasonable duration.With regard to the AATD program, we have not had further regulatory interactions. And so, as Ive commented on before, I was impressed with the October 2019 FDA conference. What the agency indicated was that they would work with each sponsor depending on their approach for what the regulatory enabling endpoint would be. And I anticipate that the key points that we would be looking for from this program thats ongoing is functional serum AAT levels.And as we think forward beyond that, we just need to get through the regulatory interactions. I will remind you that the augmentation companies receive their approval based on AAT levels, thats just the data point to look at.And the last thing Ill say is, our approach is obviously very different than those out there and that the small molecule corrector approach holds the opportunity to treat both the liver and lung manifestations. And so, obviously, were going to be talking through what those liver manifestations and what those endpoints would look like as well.
Salveen Richter: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thank you so much for taking the questions. Just one quick question on guidance. Even with considering inventories when we just take your comments on 1Q, it looks like youre already pretty close to annualizing at the full-year number you outlined. And so, we just wanted to get a better understanding of the dynamics that go into your guidance. Are you just being conservative, or is there a reason that uptake could slow?And then, just second quickly on the cell therapy program in diabetes, I was just curious how do you think about a realistic clinical goal for that program? And do you feel like the bar for true commercial success is insulin independence, or are there other ways we should think about a potential benefit? Thanks so much.
Charles Wagner: Hey, Paul, this is Charlie. Ill take the first question on guidance. And I would not characterize the guidance is conservative. I think its appropriate, given what we know about the TRIKAFTA launch so far, as well as the reimbursement agreements that we signed in the fourth quarter.Again, just to touch back on the inventory topic, its tempting to look at the Q4 run rate and want to extrapolate from that. But if you take the $1.25 billion back out of $100 million for the inventory build, youre at $1.15 billion into the guidance, obviously implies significant growth over that. And then again as we touched on  in the remarks, the impact of persistence and compliance is meaningful and will come into the revenues over the course of 2020.So once you factor those things in, we think that the guidance is absolutely appropriate. And candidly, when you think about the $5.2 billion number at the midpoint, so $1.2 billion increase year-over-year, a 30% growth rate, it sets us up for another very strong year.
Reshma Kewalramani: Paul, Ill take the question on the cell therapies program and type 1 diabetes. So if you think about the current approach to type 1 diabetes and whether you think about insulin just injection or you think about closed-loop systems or you think about really anything thats available there, what you realize is in these over 1 million people who have this disease, neither is the glucose control particularly good, whether you look at glucose or hemoglobin A1c, nor is it particularly safe on the other side, and thats the  to speak to the hypoglycemic episodes.Then, if you look at cadaveric transplants, that actually shows that people who have cadaveric transplants, islet cell transplants, they do very well in terms of glucose control and dont have the deficiencies with hypoglycemia. Now, the problem there, of course, is there just arent enough islets  there are not enough cadavers for transplant and then there is the issue of immunosuppression.So the real beauty in this approach and why were so very excited about this is Doug Melton and the Semma Group have come up with a way to not only produce, but to scale these islet cells. And that holds the potential for really excellent glucose control like the cadaveric transplant without the hypoglycemic episodes. So thats what the real goal here is.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the quarter. And Jeff, certainly, you will be missed in the CEO seat, incredible run. I think we call that CEO might drop. So my two questions are, I guess, when youre thinking about in the field, what have been kind of the biggest surprises? I know you guys talked about bottlenecks and maybe potentially just so much demand, have you seen that to be the case or has it been a little better?And then my second question is, it might be a little early, but do you think the compliance and persistence are trending more like a KALYDECO, or kind of what are the puts and takes that you think about that as a dynamic in 2020? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. Alethia, thanks very much for the question. Youre right. Prior to the launch, there was a couple of potential bottlenecks as youve described them that we were concerned about. One was concerns that CF centers, it raised with us about the capacity constraints. They felt they might have given 18,000 patients were going to be eligible for TRIKAFTA.I have to say, they have done a spectacular job in responding to the high-level of patient demand. And whilst there have certainly been some bottlenecks at some centers, in general, the multidisciplinary teams have jumped, just an amazing job working to get patients initiated on the medicine.The other potential bottleneck as always with a new product launch is whether we are going to get support from payers. And again, our teams have done a great job working with both government and commercial payers. And clearly, we wouldnt have been able to deliver the results we have in the fourth quarter without very significant access. So both of those bottlenecks have actually  weve been pleasantly surprised with how well those have turned out in Q4 and I expect that to continue in 2020.In terms of compliance and persistence, really, its just too early to say in the real world exactly what that is going to look like. We do expect it to be high. We do expect it to be in the range of our other CFTR modulators, which you know is very high for both of those aspects and certainly given the profile, wed expect it to be similar with TRIKAFTA it has been for all of the medicines. But really too early to tell exactly what its going to be like for this medicine in the real world.
Alethia Young: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Whitney Ijem with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Whitney Ijem: Hey, guys. Thanks very much for the question. I wanted to follow-up on type 1 diabetes. So it sounded like it wasnt clear whether or not youd be moving forward into the clinic with the naked cells or the encapsulation. And Im wondering if you can give us any more color on what the exact encapsulation technology or devices at this point?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks so much for the question. Its really one of my favorite late preclinical development progress to talk about for a few reasons. But with regard to your specific question, youre right. We have two shots on goal here, so to speak.One, development pathway involved the cells alone. And, for example, that is attractive in a couple of different potential areas. One of them would be patients who are renal transplant recipients as an example, who are on immunosuppressive therapy anyway and they have their renal transplant because of type 1 diabetes. So the naked cell approach or the cell alone approach there could be a nice pathway.The encapsulation is a device. The Semma Group has not only done amazing work with regard to the development and the maturation of cells and the industrial scale up, but theyve done a really nice job with the device. The device has to be particular, and others have tried this in the past and its a tough problem to solve.The device is different and I think is  really has the opportunity to succeed here for a few different reasons. It has to do with the geometry. It has to do with the material. It needs to allow glucose and insulin to free flow, but to keep the cells in their state. And it also has to do with ensuring that the device in the cells get sufficient oxygenation and that there is in fibrosis. And the data that we have seen to date, including in large animals tells us that thats so.
Whitney Ijem: Got it. And just a quick follow-up. So we will be moving the encapsulation program forward into the clinic first, and you sort of abandoned the naked cell approach, or is it still the nearest, which will go first? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. You can think of it in terms of having two shots on goal and its just a matter of which one goes first. But you can think of it as two programs.
Operator: Thank you.
Michael Partridge: Operator, next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is now open.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi. Thank you for taking my question and thanks Jeff for all the hard work you put in, its been great. So two questions. One for Charlie. First, you have cash thats accumulating. It looks like the studies that youre about to do may not be as expensive, theyre very tight and they maybe small at least for the next few years. So how are you thinking about thus maximizing cash without running the risk of having lazy balance sheet? And then, Reshma, for pain, you just continued one program. What are you looking for versus the original VX-150? Thanks.
Charles Wagner: Sure, Robyn. Thanks for the question. As you point out, the business model is running very well right now and we are generating cash, which gives us flexibility. We continue to feel that the best use of our cash is to reinvest in the business, both in terms of internal innovation and also external innovation. Again, you saw us have a very active year in 2019 with $1.6 billion on a number of deals that got us access to some great enabling technology and some programs that are a perfect fit with our research strategy.So going forward, well continue to be active in business development. To the extent that we have additional cash flow in 2020, thats where the priority will be. Im not going to say that were committing to a certain number of deals or a certain volume of cash flow. Everything needs to be governed by the research strategy and the corporate strategy will stay disciplined, but you continue  you will continue to see us be active in 2020.
Reshma Kewalramani: Robyn, this is Reshma. Ill take the question about pain. So, Robyn, I would think about pain just like CF and frankly, all of our programs. The approach here in Vertex speak is first crack the biology, then pour on the chemistry. And where we are with the pain program is, weve cracked the biology. And I feel confident saying that because of the VX-150 results that we saw in three Phase 2 studies, right in acute pain and neuropathic pain and in osteoporosis.So what were really doing now is part 2, which is pour on the chemistry. And this is about finding, let me call is the ideal molecule, particularly in this disease state, safety and efficacy, of course, table stakes. But what were really looking for is a molecule with the perfect PK, something that can be dosed once or twice a day, given that were talking about pain condition in this instance.We need to ensure that this medicine can be taken with food or without food. If youre talking about acute pain, immediately post-surgery being able to take it with our food is going to be really important. Were also thinking about DDIs and COGS. And so really, I guess, I would describe it to you as were at the stage of pouring on the chemistry and this is our search for the ideal molecule for this pain condition, or I should actually describe as conditions, we think about it as three distinct groups in there.
Robyn Karnauskas: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on a great quarter. Only you pre-announced this a couple of weeks ago, you could have made that Investor Conference a little more exciting this year. I guess, first question, I have for you is regarding AAT. As clinical work ramps, are you seeing any broader-based efforts to help with the diagnosis rate and what kind of education can you do there to facilitate the process while in development?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Cory, lets take this in two parts. If you would mind, this is Reshma. Ill make a few comments and then Im going to turn it over to Stuart to tell us a little bit more about the market opportunity and such.Cory, as we start our clinical trials and really start to engage with the community, which weve already started to do, what you realize and what youre alluding to is absolutely true. Unlike CF, this is a disease where there isnt newborn screening and there isnt 100% diagnosis.And while there is a 510 cleared CE marked assay for antigenic level, the diagnosis is not done that frequently. We are working with the community. We are engaged with the Alpha-1 Foundation. And I do see that group providing a real good amount of education and I see an opportunity to do even more. Let me ask Stuart to comment from his vantage point.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Cory, so in terms of what we know about the market today, this estimated to be about 100,000 people with the ZZ genotype in the U.S. and the EU. Almost definitely, thats an underestimate, but lets just take that as a starting point. Only a fraction of those patients are currently diagnosed, to your point, and only a fraction of those that are diagnosed are actually actively treated with the current standard of care, which is the IV augmentation therapy.So if we are able to bring to the market a product, which treats the underlying cause of the disease, which has impact on both the lung and the liver and is an oral small molecule, we think there is multiple opportunities here. One is clearly potentially to replace some of the IV augmentation therapies. Another opportunity would be to increase the treatment rate in those patients who are already diagnosed. But we also do think there is a significant opportunity to increase the diagnosis rate.The diagnosis is not difficult to do. Its a simple blood test. Its currently included within treatment guidelines that, that should be done for patients diagnosed with COPD. But I think, as so often the case, where you dont have a solution, people dont go looking for the problem. And so we do anticipate that could be an increase in those diagnosis rates, if we are able to bring a better solution to the market.
Cory Kasimov: Great. Thanks guys. I appreciate taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kostas Biliouris: Hello, this is Kostas on for Matthew. Congratulations on the quarter. Two questions from me. The first one is, can you give us some sense for how to think about the dynamics of European revenues in 2020, please?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. Ill take that. We were able to finalize reimbursement agreements in a number of major European countries towards the back-end of 2019. And as we anticipated, we did not see much of a contribution of those reimbursement agreements in 2019, because even having secured those agreements, you have to work through the administrative process before patients can be initiated.We are expecting our European revenues to grow in 2020 as more patients are able to access our CFTR modulators and thats incorporated in the $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion guidance that Charlie talked to earlier on the call.
Kostas Biliouris: Thank you. And my second question is on APOL1-mediated kidney disease program. You have mentioned that you are planning to use the protein urea as a clinical market. I was wondering whether you need more key efficacy endpoints or these would suffice?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks, Kostas. This is Reshma. Ill take that one. So for those who may not be as familiar with this one, this is the VX-147 program and this is going into patients  into the clinic in Phase 2 now actually. This is for APOL1-mediated FSGS.So, Kostas, as you may know, the renal community, along with regulatory agencies, have for the past many years thought and discussed what the appropriate regulatory enabling endpoint might be for a homogeneous pro-generic kidney disease, thats a mouthful. But basically what Im saying is that, there is a lot of support and what the idea here would be is to measure protein in the urine. Thats a fairly simple thing to do.And when you have a disease thats a homogeneous protein leaking disease that most people believe and this has been discussed extensively in the community that protein in the urine is the right measure for one to evaluate. So thats what were going to be evaluating in this Phase 2 study and thats the study that is now getting under way.
Kostas Biliouris: Thank you very much and congratulations, again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Liisa Bayko: Hi. Wanted to also wish congratulations to the team and during the transition. Wanted to ask about the European roll out. Can you just get into a little more specifics on sort of timing of the different countries. And what you think on ramping could look like, given that this has been sort of a new therapy thats available on some countries, meaning, they havent had access to CFTR modulators in the past? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. I think, theres really two aspects to that question, Liisa. One is the timing in different countries of the uptake of our current medicines, which are approved in Europe. And clearly, we expect that, as I mentioned earlier, to begin now that we have reimbursement agreements in some of the major countries, UK, Spain, France, et cetera, for existing CFTR modulators.In terms of how that might play out for the triple combination, clearly, we have that submission in with the regulatory authorities. Our expectation is for an approval in Q4 of this year and as you know, the regulatory approval is really the trigger to the beginning of reimbursement discussions. And so within our guidance for 2020, there is minimal triple combination regimen revenues included within that guidance.
Operator: Okay.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Brian Abrahams: Hi there, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the quarter and congratulations, Jeff, to on all your accomplishments. Whats been your feedback on real-world experience with TRIKAFTA efficacy and safety? To what degree, thats been aligning with the clinical trial experiences, anything unexpected or different there?And then secondarily, can you remind us of your plan to collect longer-term outcomes data with TRIKAFTA things like exacerbations, the timeline for updating that and how important you think that will be for full market penetration in the U.S., as well as European access? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: So in terms of the real-world experience, I say  I would say, has been very similar to what we saw in the Phase 3 program, Brian. The feedback weve had from physicians and patients has been almost universally positive. And when I say positive, their experience of the level of efficacy and the impact its having on their lives is really inspiring.Obviously, safety is something, which needs to play out over time. But certainly, we havent seen anything in the real-world that has surprised us that has been different from what we saw in the Phase 3 programs. And as you know, those studies demonstrated a very, very strong benefit risk profile.In terms of outcomes data and what data were going to be collecting, Ill hand that over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So, Brian, you know that we  in the Phase 3 program for the FMS patients, that was the program with about 400 patients that went out to 24 weeks. We already reported on pulmonary exacerbations and it was a really large reduction of 63%. We are continuing to collect data. So patients in both the FS study and the FMS study rolled over into an open label extension, that goes out through 96 weeks.And in addition to that, we have additional studies that were doing, collecting data from various registries, not only here in the U.S., but as weve done with our other CFTR modulators around the globe as well. So we have more data to look forward to not only from the clinical trials program, the open label extension, but also registry data that were collecting and will be collecting around the globe.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you.
Michael Partridge: Okay. On behalf of everyone here, thanks everybody for listening to tonights call. Thanks also for all the kind words. We know that there are other earnings call tonight. So well let you get to them. And at the same time, the IR team is in the office and happy to talk to you if you have additional questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Good evening, this is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Tonight, we will review with you Vertex's business progress and provide our Third Quarter Financial Results. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website.We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, the continuing development and commercialization of our triple combination regimens for cystic fibrosis, Vertex's other programs, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions, actual outcomes and events could differ materially.I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. 2019 has been a year of significant progress for Vertex across all parts of our business, as we continue to execute on our clear and differentiated strategy to create transformational medicines by investing in serial scientific innovation. Our significant growth in revenues from treating more people with CF globally has enabled continued investment in both internal and external innovation to create future medicines. And we are making rapid progress across our pipeline in our efforts to advance additional potentially transformative medicines both in CF and multiple other serious diseases.Our strategy is working and has positioned the company for continued growth in 2020 and for years to come. I'm pleased to review with you some of our recent accomplishments.First, to CF. I'm proud to say that last week's FDA approval for Trikafta, marks the most significant step to date in our more than 20-year journey toward our future goal of curing CF for every person with this disease. I joined Vertex as CEO, eight years ago, right before we received our first approval for KALYDECO to treat the cause of CF for a small group of patients in the US. Today, approximately 45,000 patients worldwide are eligible for one of our four CF medicines and we're treating thousands of patients in more than 30 countries around the world.I would like to again thank the patients, families, caregivers, physicians and advocates as well as the CF Foundation who've been on this journey with us over the past two decades. The approval of Trikafta would not have been possible without the unwavering support of the entire CF community. I would also like to highlight the significant progress we've made throughout 2019 in securing reimbursement for our medicines outside the US. Most notably, we recently announced new reimbursement agreements were ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI in England, Spain, Australia, and Scotland. I'm pleased that eligible patients in these countries now have a medicine to treat the underlying cause of their CF for the first time and that we were able to work collaboratively with governments to reach agreements that will appropriately value the scientific innovation and clinical benefit of our medicines.Now to our pipeline. Today, we have multiple different potentially transformative medicines in clinical development spanning five specialty diseases. And we're entering a period of significant clinical development progression and data generation for these programs. In fact, we expect multiple proof of concept data readouts and the initiation of key proof-of-concept studies, through 2020 that will represent important risk-lowering events for our pipeline. Our pipeline investments have for several years followed a disciplined strategy focused on causal biology, building highly predictive preclinical models, and developing biomarkers early in development to lower risk and increase our probability of success in the clinic.And we only work on transformative medicines for serious diseases that create and sustain significant value for patients, society, and our shareholders. Our external investments are aligned with the strategy and encompass multiple therapeutic modalities. We have increased our external investment in line with our growing cash flow by acquiring new development programs and building a tool kit of new technologies that will enable us to develop breakthrough medicines in diseases such as Type 1 diabetes, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, hemoglobinopathies, and others.Most recently we acquired Semma Therapeutics with a goal of developing a cellular therapy that both alone and in combination with an implantable device has the potential to cure Type 1 diabetes. This acquisition is a perfect example of our efforts to bring in promising development programs that complement our internal R&D efforts are aligned with our strategy and provide significant opportunities for further growth beyond CF.The execution of our corporate and research strategies has produced a highly differentiated profile for both near-term and long-term growth, as we continue to expand access to our medicines worldwide and gain approvals for new medicines, we are well positioned for further revenue and earnings growth and for continued reinvestment in innovation to create future medicines. I look forward to updating you on our progress over the coming months and we'll now turn the call over to Stuart to talk in more detail about our commercial performance and the launch of Trikafta.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff. Tonight, I'll briefly review our commercial performance for the third quarter and discuss our expectations for the ongoing launch of Trikafta in the US. Our third quarter total product revenues were $950 million, a 21% increase compared to the third quarter of 2018. This increase is as a result of treating more patients globally with our medicines. Uptake across multiple products and in multiple populations drove revenue growth over the past year. Most notably from Symdeko and Symkevi in patients ages 12 and older. We also saw revenue growth as a result of expansion into younger patients including children in the US, ages 2 to 5 years for Orkambi and ages 6 to 11 years for Symdeko.Outside the US, we continue to make progress in achieving reimbursement for our CF medicines Orkambi and Symkevi, as evidenced by our recent announcements regarding reimbursement in England, Spain, Scotland, and Australia. Together, our progress in these countries underscores the positive outcomes that can be achieved. When we and governments work collaboratively and flexibly toward providing access for patients.Now to the approval and launch of Trikafta in the US. Trikafta is Vertex's fourth medicine to treat the underlying cause of CF and was approved by the FDA last week to treat people with CF ages 12 years and older with at least one F508del mutation. The speed of the FDA approval is a reflection of not only the strength of the Trikafta data, but also of the community's shared urgency to provide patients with a medicine that treats the underlying cause of their disease. And I am pleased to report that the first patients have already been prescribed Trikafta by their physicians, underscoring the strong interest in the medicine. The label for Trikafta is broad any patients in the US, age 12 years or older, with at least one F508del mutation is eligible. We estimate that there are approximately 18,000 patients in the US who fit this criteria. Representing by far the largest population of CF patients eligible for one of our CF medicines at the time of the launch. Of the 18,000 patients eligible for Trikafta, approximately 6000 are those with one F508del mutation and one minimal function mutation, who till now have not have treatment for the underlying cause of their CF. The remaining approximately 12,000 patients are those who were already eligible for one of our CF medicines and most of these patients are currently being treated with Kalydeco, Orkambi, or Symdeko.Revenue growth in 2020 will be driven primarily by treatment of new minimal function patients and overtime we expect a vast majority of the 6,000 new minimal function patients will be treated with Trikafta. We also expect that a significant proportion of patients currently on Kalydeco, Orkambi, or Symdeko will switch to Trikafta over time. The large number of eligible patients coupled with the capacity constraints of CF centers to schedule and actually initiate such a large volume of patients are important factors in why it may take longer for the Trikafta launch to reach its peak level of uptake compared to prior launches.Reimbursement is an additional factor in the launch of Trikafta. We expect to obtain broad reimbursement from both commercial and government payers in the US similar to our experience with prior CF medicines. We've already begun discussions with payers following the approval and the initial feedback has been positive. Based on the strength of the clinical data and payers understanding of the disease modifying benefits that our medicines provide. These dynamics are reflected in our updated total 2019 CF revenue guidance of $3.7 billion to $3.75 billion that we provided at the time of the Trikafta approval last week. We will also take these factors, as well as early uptake trends into account as we set guidance for 2020 early next year.In summary, I'm pleased that we are bringing our medicines to many more patients around the globe and with the trajectory of our continued revenue growth. With that, I will now turn the call over to Reshma to review recent pipeline progress.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks, Stuart. I would first like to echo Jeff's comments about the significance of the Trikafta approval, both for Vertex and for the CF community, it's truly amazing to think that it was an early 2016 that our scientists first synthesized elexacaftor, the next generation corrector that became a key part of Trikafta. And in a little under four years, Vertex was able to bring that molecule from the lab through development and now to patients in the US. It's a remarkable story of drug development and I'd like to thank the entire CF community for their support in getting us to this milestone. As we celebrate this milestone, we are also working diligently to bring Trikafta to more patients globally and to gain approvals for younger patients. We're on track to seek additional regulatory approvals for Trikafta outside the US. First in Europe, then in additional countries globally.And we are also now enrolling a Phase 3 study of Trikafta in children ages 6 to 11 years. Outside of CF, we are entering a period of significant data generation and clinical development progress. We expect multiple important clinical data readouts from our pipeline beginning later this year and the progression of multiple molecules into Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies throughout 2020. In sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, we expect to provide the first clinical data from the Phase 1-2 studies of the novel gene editing therapy CTX001 later this year with our partner Crispr Therapeutics. The data we expect to disclose will include measurements of safety and efficacy for patients with beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease treated with CTX001.In our AAT program, we have now finalized the design of a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study for our first oral small molecule corrector VX-804 and expect to begin the study this quarter. The study is expected to enroll approximately 50 patients with AAT deficiency, who have two Z mutations and will evaluate multiple doses of VX-814 compared to placebo for 28 days. The primary endpoints will be the change in the level of functional AAT protein in the blood, as well as safety and tolerability. We expect to obtain data from the study in 2020.In addition to VX-814, we're also developing a second AAT corrector VX-864, which is currently in Phase 1 development. In pain, we are advancing multiple selective NaV1.8 inhibitors through late stage research and early clinical development, including our ongoing Phase 1 study of VX-961. And in FSGS, we are on track to complete our Phase 1 study of VX-147 in healthy volunteers later this year. VX-147 is our first oral small molecule inhibitor of APOL1 function and if we are successful in Phase 1, our plan is to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study in 2020, where we would evaluate the ability of VX-147 to reduce protein levels in the urine. This would represent an important biological proof-of-concept for this program. And similar to other pipeline programs, we're advancing multiple additional molecule for APOL1 mediated kidney diseases in late stage research. With the launch of Trikafta and the advancement of our pipeline of multiple other potentially transformative medicines across five serious diseases, 2020 is positioned to be a year of significant growth and pipeline progression for Vertex.I'll now turn the call over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Reshma. In addition to Stuart's comments on the performance of our CF products tonight, I'll review our third quarter financial results, our 2019 financial guidance and make a few comments on our financial trajectory for 2020. All of the results and guidance I will discuss tonight are non-GAAP. As Stuart mentioned, we saw continued double-digit growth in total product revenues in the third quarter of 2019 compared to 2018 based largely on the uptake of Symdeko and Symkevi. Our third quarter 2019 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $416 million compared to $379 million for the third quarter of 2018. A significant growth in revenues and disciplined spending in the third quarter resulted in operating income of $403 million, a 37% increase compared to the third quarter of 2018.Net income for the third quarter of 2019 was $322 million compared to $282 million in the third quarter of 2018. Our year-to-date financial results show similar trends of strong revenue growth and disciplined spending, resulting in exceptional operating income growth. Our total CF revenues through the third quarter of 2019 were $2.75 billion, a 27% increase over the same period in 2018. Our year-to-date combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $1.2 billion compared to $1.3 billion for 2018 resulting in year-to-date operating income of $1.19 billion for 2019, compared to $763 million for 2018.As our profitability and cash flow increase, as a result of treating more CF patients globally, we have a clear strategy and intention to reinvest in both internal and external innovation to create future medicines. To date in 2019, we have invested approximately $1.5 billion in cash in external innovation through new acquisitions and collaborations. We ended the quarter with approximately $4 billion in cash and marketable securities compared to $3.2 billion at the end of 2018. I would note, however, that we completed our $950 million acquisition of Semma Therapeutics early in the fourth quarter, so that outflow was not yet reflected in our third quarter cash balance. As we look ahead to Q4 and 2020 and beyond, we expect continued increases in cash flow to provide more flexibility for additional deals to fuel our long-term growth.Now to 2019 guidance and high-level thoughts on our financial trajectory for 2020. As you know, we revised upward our guidance of total CF revenues with the approval of Trikafta last week and we are tonight reiterating our 2019 guidance for total CF product revenues, combined R&D and SG&A expenses, and our anticipated effective tax rate. The midpoint of our 2019 revenue guidance reflects strong 23% growth over 2018 and we are well positioned to continue our trajectory of significant revenue growth in 2020, driven primarily by the launch of Trikafta in the US. The exact rate of revenue growth will depend in large part on the Trikafta launch dynamics that Stuart reviewed earlier, specifically the capacity of CF centers to schedule and initiate the large volume of new and existing patients likely to seek treatment with Trikafta.With significant revenue growth expected in 2020, we will also increase our investments in innovation, particularly following our recent acquisitions of Exonics and Semma. While Vertex operating expenses have typically grown in the range of 10% to 14% per year over the last few years, our current expectation is that the rate of growth will be somewhat higher in 2020 as we invest in research and preclinical manufacturing for selling genetic therapies in support of our programs in type 1 diabetes, DMD, and other diseases.Importantly, we expect our revenue growth to significantly outpace any increases in operating expenses, which will drive continued increases in operating income and expansion of operating margins. Currently, we plan to issue revenue and other financial guidance for 2020 at our Q4 earnings call, once we've seen a few months of the Trikafta launch.I'm pleased with the continued performance of our business and look forward to updating you over coming months. With that, I will hand the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Charlie. As we near the end of 2019, Vertex is on track to meet or exceed each of the key goals we outlined for you at the start of the year. An important and often overlooked part of our success is the strength of the team we have in place to execute on our strategy and drive the success of the business. With the launch of Trikafta, increasing revenues from treating more people with CF globally, a pipeline that is expanding and progressing rapidly and a strong and diverse team committed to our strategy of serial innovation, we have never been in a stronger position than we are today.With that, I will open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Salveen Richter, Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Salveen Richter: Thanks. Maybe just starting with a question on the reimbursement decisions that have played out recently in England and Spain and Australia and Scotland. How should we view the uptake trajectory in these regions and any implications for the fourth quarter?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Salveen, thanks for the question. This is Stuart. So obviously we're thrilled. It's been a very productive quarter in terms of new reimbursement agreements, which is great, as we complete the journey from discovering these medicines to getting access for patients. In terms of the uptake, overall, I would say, really the consideration is up the same in each of the markets and the way I would think about it is, firstly, the various administrations have to put in place the process to allow physicians to prescribe these medicines. And as an example in England, they quoted that they were hoping to get that sold within 30 days. So obviously, there is a bit of a lag before we can even staff initiating patients.And then after that, really, I would be thinking about the number of patients that we have there in each of those markets. We expect in those markets, much like the other markets around the world that we will over time initiate the vast majority of those patients on one of the CFTR modulators that's been reimbursed, across the world in general, across products, across geographies, we tend to see initiation rates in the 80% to 90% range. As you know, not everybody unfortunately can stay on the medicines, so we see persistence rates across products, across markets, somewhere in the 80% to 90% range and so when we do eventually reach steady state, it's a function of those two things then we need to factor in a compliance rate, the compliance rates are medicines are as good as I've ever seen in my time in the industry, they are across products tend to be in the 80% to 85% range.So, those are the kinds of factors I would be taking into account. So that tells you a little bit about where we're likely to get to a steady state, really then question is how long is it going to take us to get to kind of peak levels of uptake and that really is given by kind of a couple of things, one is the size of the eligible patient population, if you take somewhere like England, it's 5,000 patients. That's a very large number. All of those patients are treated in the 40 CF centers in England. And so, just like here in the US, there is a capacity constraint that the centers have to actually being able to see all of those eligible patients and that's probably the biggest kind of rate limiter. So we certainly expect to get to the vast majority of those patients is just likely to ramp up over time.In terms of '19, we haven't included any adjustment in our '19 guidance just because those reimbursement agreements have come so late in the year and obviously, we need to work our way through the administrative things I've just told you about before we can actually start initiating patients.
Salveen Richter: Great, thanks. And then just a second question about the AAT program, could you just comment on how many dose cohorts, you're looking at and what the doses are and could this transition into a registrational trial.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hi, Salveen, it's Reshma. So as I said in my prepared remarks, I think that you're going to see this Phase II dose-ranging study for VX-814 look and feel very much like our CF studies, it's going to be about 50 people or so, a few dose cohorts and a very reasonable timeframe. I'll stay away from the specifics around the doses and such. And I do think that this is going to be important in getting to our Phase 3 study because this is indeed in the study that's going to help us select the right dose. So in that respect, I think it's going to be very important.
Salveen Richter: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Yee of Jefferies, your line is now open.
Michael Yee: Hi guys, thanks. Two questions. Congrats on all the progress and the Trikafta approval. Maybe you could just frame some of the expectations around the uptake of Trikafta early on and whether you would expect centers to prioritize all the het/min patients first, you would think that would be logical. So even though they're swapping from others. How much of a priority is that for the het/min's first? And then the other question relates to a follow-up on AAT maybe Reshma, I think we are less to the eight-hour workshop, but they seem to be quite interested also in functional data, so how confident are you that if we get positive data on AAT that a primary endpoint of just AAT would be sufficient for approval. Thanks so much.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hey, Mike, it's Stuart here. I'll take the Trikafta question and then Reshma will talk to AAT. So in terms of Trikafta, obviously we were thrilled to get the approval so quickly, as you know the label is broad anybody with one F508del mutation, that's approximately 18,000 patients here in the US. Of those 18,000, about 6,000 are patients, who have a minimal function mutation on the other allele and as you well know, those are the patients who don't currently have a medicine to treat the underlying cause of their disease today. In terms of uptake, again, this is going to be governed by a couple of things, one is the absolute capacity at CF centers. This is by far and away the largest number of eligible patients we've ever had for any new product launch. For instance, more than twice as big as we had when we introduced Orkambi back in July 2015. So clearly, the capacity of centers is going to be a challenge. In terms of prioritizing patients, Mike, we've heard just about everything from every different center and I think if you talk to one center, you'll get response. If you talk to another, you'll get another, some have said that they will prioritize het/min's, some have said that they will treat the most severely impacted patients irrespective of what their mutation is, others have said they were going to treat patients as they are coming in.So I'd love to tell you there's one answer to how patients are going to be treated, but I think it's as individual as individual centers. What I can tell you though is to a center; they will tell you that they expect to treat the vast majority of those minimal function patients over time and indeed expect the vast majority of those who are currently being treated with Symdeko and Orkambi also to transition over time. But the real rate limited to that's going to be just their ability to process all of those patients through the limited number of centers that there are. Reshma AAT.
Reshma Kewalramani: Right. With regard to the AAT workshop that took place, just a couple of months ago, we were really pleased to be there. It was nice to be invited to be with the community and with the agency. I thought that there was real recognition of the disease, the gravity of the disease and the high unmet need. It was also interesting to see that our approach a small molecule corrector remains the only one that holds the potential to treat both the liver and the lung disease. With regard to where the agency is, I found them to be very open-minded and acknowledged that the -- the augmentation companies to date have gotten their approvals based on AAT levels and that's the data point that's there. And I was also encouraged by their comments that they are going to work with each individual sponsor, based on their approach to determine exactly what the Phase 3 trials could look like.
Michael Yee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Phil Nadeau of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Stuart Arbuckle: Phil, you're there.
Operator: And Phil, if your phone is on mute please unmute. And our next question comes from Alethia Young of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Alethia Young: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question and congrats on all the progress you've made. I guess kind of two, I wanted you to talk a little bit about the Semma deal and how it fits in your world of innovate medicines, but still it's a kind of a much bigger addressable market and different angle from where you guys are going. And separately, like in the United Kingdom, I know that there, you said 5,000, do you think there is like a scenario where people, there will be some sorts of controls as far as kind of, I would assume all the patients are warehouse to some degree. So is there any kind to management that might happen there that we should think about in our models, things.
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Thanks, Alethia. This is Jeff. I'll take the Semma question and then Stuart, will take the England question. With regard to Semma, I'd just start off reminding you that type 1 diabetes is a disease that fits our strategy perfectly right, it's a serious disease, about 1.25 million patients in the US that are treated in a relatively small number of centers by endocrinologists, so you can certainly reach them with a specialty sales force and interestingly, despite the fact that insulin has been around and has saved their lives for almost 100 years now, it turns out that insulin therapy for these Type 1 patients is not really a very good long-term way of returning them to normal glycemia or normal hemoglobin A1c levels and so they, as you know suffer from very high rates of cardiovascular disease as well as from multiple hypoglycemic episodes.So there is a large unmet need, obviously with this patient subset and it fits our strategy. We also knew for more than 15 years that if you can successfully transplant islet into these patients, you can essentially cure the disease. There were a number of studies of small numbers of patients, who were transplanted with cadaveric islets under immunosuppression and maybe those patients were not only cures, they were long-term cures, some of those patients were up more than a decade. So there were really two issues with Type 1 diabetes, and we've been watching it as one of our diseases of interest for some time. I'd say obviously David Altshuler, is a diabetologist as well as the geneticists, so he has been keenly interested in this disease.And the two problems were there weren't enough cadaveric islets and so you need a different way to naked islets and the other problem was the need for immunosuppression was potentially limiting to the number of patients that you can reach. So we were watching companies who are addressing those two problems for the last two, three years. And over the last six to eight months, we were convinced that Semma has actually solved both of those problems. So on the first front, they have figured out how to take ES cells or even iPSC cells and successfully differentiate them into human -- into human cells in an industrial fashion, so they can make industrial levels of a human islets and they've shown that those islets and animal models actually are able to cure diabetes when they're transplanted. So that was the solution of the islet number problem and then they've also invented a device that is able, in which you can put the that's able to protect them from the immune response.And so, Semma really has two products, they have what we call naked islets that they can transplant into the liver just like cadaveric islets are transplanted into the liver that does require immunosuppression. And they have a second product, which is the islets in the device, which we believe can be transplanted ultimately without immunosuppression and that obviously opens up the number of patients, that could be treated substantially.So in summary, it's a disease that fits our strategy perfectly, it's a specialty disease, it's a disease of high unmet need, and it's a disease in which these recent scientific breakthroughs have given a new approach towards the transformative therapy, so it's a perfect fit and when we saw that we were able to move pretty quickly.
Stuart Arbuckle: And Alethia, on expectations for England, I really go back to kind of what I said earlier about uptake in all markets. As you said, there's about 5,000 eligible patients in England for the various medicines and across the various age ranges and genotypes that are included in the agreement we struck with the NHS. If you look at the uptake rates around the world for those products across patients and genotypes and age ranges, it's as I said in the 80% to 90% range in terms of how many of those patients have been initiated in similar markets around the world. Again, not every patient can stay on the medicine, the persistence rates again are somewhere in the 80% to 90% range. So if you factor those two things and I think about where might we be when we get to kind of steady state, then that could be somewhere around 3,500 patients could be persistent on a CFTR modulator, if you just take those assumptions and kind of pick the mid-range of all of those other markets around the world.In terms of warehousing that in something that we've heard discussed in the UK. Obviously there has been a lot of pent-up demand for these products. And so we've heard about people wanting to be initiated. I have not heard of people saying that they're likely to warehouse their patients in anticipation of the triple, clearly that's something that could happen. As I say, it's not something that I've heard talked about in the UK.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll ask one -- about one of the few countries, you don't have a formal agreement in yet with France. So, can you remind us how many patients are already on one of your approved CF drugs over there and how we should think about revenue recognition once a deal ultimately comes through in that country. And then on the pipeline side, regarding CTX001 for beta thal and sickle cell. Are you able to elaborate at all on the type of data, we could expect to see later this year in terms of patient numbers or duration of follow-up, you would have at that point? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Cory, it's Stuart. I'll start on France. You're right. France is one of the few markets now, where we don't have a reimbursement agreement in place. We are in very active discussions with the French authorities and I'm certainly hopeful that we'll be able to bring those discussions to a successful conclusion, as we have recently in Spain and Scotland and England and Australia. You're correct, there are a number of patients who are taking Orkambi in France. Orkambi was available through an early access program for patients 12 plus and within the French system, there's approximately 1100 or so patients who are currently receiving Orkambi. In terms of revenue recognition and how that might change, I'll turn that over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Yes. Cory, this is Charlie. For revenue recognition, we have been recording revenue at a relatively low value for sales into France currently, when we land on an agreed-upon price, we will book a catch-up of prior period revenue, which will equal the difference between the negotiated price and the price at which we've been booking revenue that revenue as it comes through the prior period revenue, our intention would be to non-GAAP that out, as obviously it won't repeat. And then going forward, we'll book revenue at the contracted price.
Reshma Kewalramani: Cory, with regard to CTX001 and beta thalassemia and sickle cell programs, here's kind of where we are. We have about half a dozen sites open for beta thal, about a dozen sites open for sickle cell, the studies are enrolling. I think you must have heard our partners at Crispr comment on the fact that we will be in a position to share data this quarter. I think what you should expect to see is safety and tolerability first and foremost unsurprisingly in this Phase 1-2 study. And on the efficacy side, certainly hemoglobin levels, hemoglobin F levels will be very interesting amongst other things.
Cory Kasimov: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Matteis of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks so much and congrats on the progress. I have a couple of questions with one on AAT and one on the triple in the UK. On AAT, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the mechanics of the assay, you're using to corroborate the functionality of the AAT levels produced by VX-814 or I guess secreted, how important is that assay and the output from it to the top line readout and validating the efficacy of the drug. And then as far as discussions with any, Jeff or Stuart, I was wondering if you could just give us the latest on where your conversations are regarding reimbursement for the triple and whether or not an agreement there is gated by EMA approval. Thanks so much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, sure. This is Reshma. Let me tackle be AAT assay question. So as you've seen, our data in the animal models, you'll remember the Slide to the left panel shows you what happens with a VX-814 and with VX-864 treatment and the Y-axis there is actually functional AAT levels. So what we've been measuring in the animal studies is what we will be measuring in the human studies and it's a reasonably easy, I never like to say easy in terms of a clinical trial, but it's a reasonably simple assay and it's the same a functional assay that you've seen us do in the animal studies.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Paul, just on the UK, just to be crystal clear, the current agreement, the one that we announced last week, the current commercial agreement does not include the triple combination, it includes Kalydeco and its approved indications Orkambi and Symkevi. So triple is not included. Obviously, there is a very high level of awareness of the triple combination, both in the CF community and at NHSE, but access to the medicine in the UK is going to be governed by our ability to get EMA approval in the first instance.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry about before, I think it was on mute. First on the Trikafta launch in the US, I think you've mentioned a couple of times that capacity will be limiting to getting new patients on therapy. Do you have a sense of exactly what the capacity is at CF centers, how many patients could see their physician every month, every quarter, every year during 2020?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Phil, it's Stuart. Yes, capacity of CF centers is we hear from the CF centers, all the time, we heard it in the run-up to the launches of Orkambi and Symkevi and we've heard it when talking to them about how they planning to approach the launch of Trikafta. Essentially the rate limiting step there, just to be clear, is it's the same 275 centers were seeing, all of their CF patients and whilst there is a huge amount of enthusiasm about Trikafta, they've got other patients who are coming in for their regular visits, they've got patients who are not yet eligible for Trikafta, obviously they've also got people sadly who are being admitted with exacerbations and things like that. So while Trikafta is very, very important to them, they have a lot of other things that are going on as well.As I said, in total, there is 18,000 patients who are eligible for Trikafta in the United States, who will be treated at the 275 or so CF centers. As I said, it was about 8,5000 patients who were eligible for Orkambi, about 12,000 for Symkevi. And so that's why we think, whilst we think we're going to get to a very high levels of uptake overall over time, it may be that it takes us a little bit longer to get to those kind of peak levels of uptake than it did with Orkambi and Symkevi.
Phil Nadeau: Got it. Okay, thank you. And then second question, just a follow-up to Paul's prior question on the UK. The press reports about the current agreement that you have mentioned that in order for the triple to be reimbursed in the UK, it'll be subject to a NICE -- an evaluation by NICE, can you talk a little bit more about that process, is that a different process than what you've had before to secure reimbursement or is the triple kind of starting from the ground floor and need to go through the whole process that you're medicines have had to go through in the past.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, great question, Phil. So yes, we will be submitting the triple combination to NICE pending EMA and CHMP positive recommendation. We've said that we will submit that and discuss the timing of when we will submit that with the NHS and NICE and we've agreed and we made public that we are planning to do that in around January 2021. The reason for that is a couple fold, one that it will allow us to collect additional long-term data, as we are currently in the US through our open-label extension studies and we know how important that long-term data is in terms of demonstrating the benefit of CFTR modulators, we've seen that with Kalydeco, we've seen that with Orkambi, and now Symkevi. The more data we get, the more you get to see the long-term benefits that these types of agents have.The second reason why that timing, we think is an appropriate time to be submitting is the NICE is currently undergoing a review of its methodology. As you may know, and as we've made quite public, we have some concerns about the approach that NICE takes to evaluating medicines in terms of their ability to truly value, appropriately medicines like ours that have the kinds of long-term benefits that ours have and we're hopeful that through that methods review that there may be some changes to the evaluation methodology, which allow them to better value. The types of benefits that our medicines bring. So we're committed to submitting the triple January 2021 is when we've said that we will do that and hopefully that's explained the reasons why we've agreed on that timeline.
Phil Nadeau: Perfect. That's very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good evening, thanks for taking my question. I was hoping maybe we could spend a minute on 147. Can you just talk about exactly what data you expect to have available next year and given that data, I assume on some renal parameters, what you would expect to look at in terms of the next study?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So just to catch everybody else up to speed on VX-147. This is the molecule that's targeted at the APOL1 axis and there is -- there is a known disease called FSGS, focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis, a type of kidney disease that unfortunately is relentless and really has only one outcome and that is progression to either end stage renal disease transplant or death, it's really a very significant renal disease. The way it manifests itself is proteinuria, that is to say protein in the urine. So where we are right now with the VX-147 program is we are in Phase 1 during the SAD/MAD. We anticipate that we're going to be ready to go to Phase 2, the dose-ranging study next year 2020.And while it's too early to call exactly when we're going to have results, I expect it to be a very modest size study given the small patient population that has this disease and the very grievous nature of the disease. So in that dose-ranging study that will get off and running in 2020, I anticipate the endpoint there is going to be proteinuria, which is very convenient because that is the endpoint of significance and it is the proof of biological activity.
Matthew Harrison: Reshma, you want to talk about the other molecule into the --
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure, sure. You know, just like in cystic fibrosis and what you've seen us do there, we have a portfolio of molecules for this as well for the APOL1 mediated kidney diseases, so while VX-147 is the one that's in the lead and going through its SAD/MAD, there is a whole portfolio of molecules, behind that in late preclinical and those will also be making their way through the clinic.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, thanks so much for taking my questions and congratulations on all the progress. Two questions from me on Trikafta. I guess, first off, just given how early this was approved, anything that you guys need to do in parallel more than typical post marketing clinical work preclinical tox to maintain it on the market and then any educational awareness that you plan to do around some of the side effect nuances versus Orkambi or Symdeko, I'm sort of curious how we should think about compliance and persistence ending up, given the cocktails overall benefit risk, maybe relative to say Symdeko. Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me start this off and then I'll ask Stuart to comment on education then on compliance persistence. So obviously, we were thrilled with the quick approval of Trikafta and I do think it reflects the benefit and the very nice tolerability of this medicines. With regard to what to expect in the post-marketing setting, nothing really unusual or different. You know that we have a study in F gating an FRF patients that we had already initiated. So those are continuing, but no, nothing else that's different or unusual. Stuart?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Brian, in terms of Trikafta and its benefit-risk profile, as you would expect we will be being as fulsome as we can in our discussions with physicians on both the benefits of the molecules and the adverse events that we've seen from the studies, as you know, the benefit-risk profile is very positive, as a result of that in terms of what we expect, in terms of compliance rates, I would expect them to be very high, just as they have been with our other CFTR modulators, as I mentioned earlier, we see them in a very tight range across Orkambi, Symdeko, and Kalydeco, they're in that sort of 80% to 85% range in terms of compliance with the medicine, given the benefit-risk profile that we've seen with Trikafta, I would expect it to be right in that range if not towards the top end of that range. Obviously, we'll see how it plays out in the real world, but that would be my expectation.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoff [ph] of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, thanks for the question and big congrats on the fast approval of Trikafta. So a question for Stuart for the roll out, I guess what are the lessons that you guys have learned with getting reimbursement secured with Kalydeco, say going back years ago or Symdeko more recently, it's really focus on how you can reduce see insurance access barrier? So that's question one. And the second is what percent roughly would you assume need some sort of co-pay assistance and what are you guys doing for that? And I have a follow-up.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Geoff, in terms of what have we learned in terms of getting access here in the US, I would say going back all the way to Kalydeco through Orkambi and Symdeko, we've seen very broad reimbursement and actually that reimbursement has been put in place pretty quickly. Now, obviously it's a range across all of the government and commercial payers and so some move faster than others, some move slower than others, but in general, we've seen them move pretty quickly and we've ended up with kind of rapid and broad reimbursement. I think the thing that gives me hope that that will happen is obviously we've been out there with these payers now for seven years in the US, they have a very, very good sense of how severe this disease is, the benefits that our medicines have and the team is out there now talking with payers. And today, as I say, in terms of the reaction we've had, the reaction to date has been very positive. So I feel very good that our team is very well prepared to secure broad access.In terms of insurance barriers, yes, there will always be some, we have a great team here which is trained to do justice to help patients out and provide support to them as they navigate the insurance barriers. In terms of what are we going to do in supporting those patients who may have financial needs, we have the standard suite of offerings that you would expect and certainly our commitment is that we are going to do everything we can to make sure that no patient is left behind because of their ability to pay.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, and then just a follow-up for Reshma or maybe even, Jeff. When you think about opportunities to diversify outside of CF, you guys have a lot and it seems like everyone's been working pretty hard, but on the pain program, most of them are early though, so I want to ask you, what is the capacity or even how much of a priority is bringing on later stage assets. As you begin to see the leverage in the P&L from the Trikafta launch. Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: It's a great question Geoff, maybe I'll take that one. We have been working hard, the entire team on getting these deals. I was showing our Board today that I think we've done more deals in 2019 than we've done -- than we did in 2016, 2017 and 2018 combined and that's a good thing. Obviously, we have both diversified our pipeline and we've also considerably built our toolbox and you should expect to see us continue to do that. I think we've been pretty consistent all along in saying what you probably shouldn't expect to see us do is to buy on-market assets or very late stage assets to essentially buy revenue growth. We don't really need revenue growth; our CF franchise will provide that well into the 2020s. And so, we're in a very nice position of being able to invest in earlier stage assets, where by the way, we think we can get much better value and also add much more value from our own internal development and regulatory group, so that we can build much, much better value both for patients and for shareholders.So you should expect to see us to continue to do deals early stage assets, where we can add value, technology is particularly that bolt on to our gene editing strategy, which as you know we have broadened considerably over the last year and more of those deals, but I don't think you'll see us do the very late stage, certainly not on market products or very late-stage products.
Reshma Kewalramani: I just wanted to add to that. You mentioned the pipeline and where we are, you already talked about pain. It's actually interesting to know how many molecules we have already into mid-stage development. So CTX001 is already in Phase 1, 2, AAT we expect to be in Phase 2, it'll start this quarter 2019 and FSGS, I expect to be in Phase 2 next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask you to help with questions about the pipeline. The first is for the AAT program, I noticed you're focusing on patients with two Z mutations. Can you maybe just break down the AAT population into its kind of mutation types to better understand what kind of group you're addressing with that small molecule corrector, the first one.
Reshma Kewalramani: So you are right that there are different subgroups of patients who have alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency, but the majority of patients have the Z mutations. The majority of patients who are ill have the Z mutation. So 90% plus have the Z mutation, so no surprise that that's the group that we're focused on.
Liisa Bayko: All right, that makes sense. And then sort of similar question. I know a little bit about FSGS, you kind of qualifying these as mediated by APOL1 is that -- is that again the majority of FSGS cases, just curious about that one.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, sure. So that one is a little bit different. So FSGS is a heterogeneous group of etiologies that results in that, FSGS is actually named after it's finding on pathology. But there is a right homogeneous group within that that is mediated by APOL1. So we are not pursuing all FSGS, we are pursuing APOL1 mediated FSGS, it's a group, it's a homogeneous subgroup of all of FSGS and it turns out that there is actually other groups renal disease that are also mediated by APOL1, but the one we're focused on is APOL1 mediated FSGS.
Jeff Leiden: And the reason Liisa is because there is very strong human genetics evidence that APOL1 is the cause of that disease.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, great. And then how -- I guess how do you know that the FSGS is related to that and I guess of FSGS patients, what -- how prevalent is this particular group?
Reshma Kewalramani: So you know I happen to be a nephrologist, so I really like this topic, but I'll keep it short and here's what I'll say maybe there's two, three important points to mentioned are amongst African-American patients, who have FSGS, 70 plus percent have FSGS that's related to APOL1, so the vast, vast majority, and the only other important point I'll make for today's call is that there are studies, really nicely done studies that looked at patients who have APOL1 mediated FSGS versus not, those patients have more serious disease that is more progressive. As Jeff said, it is the causal factor here and that's why we are so interested in this disease and in this pathway.
Jeff Leiden: And the way you know is just by sequencing. This is [indiscernible] that's been described in literature.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoff Porges of SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.
Geoff Porges: Thank you. Thank you very much. And just to change the direction a little bit. Charlie, could you tell us what the free cash flow was in the quarter and then give a little bit more clarification on operating margins. And then, Stuart, could you tell us the total number of patients on one of your CF medicines and the breakdown of Kalydeco US to the Kalydeco, Orkambi, and Symdeko, just so we kind of level set our models. Thanks.
Charles Wagner: Sure, Geoff. On the free cash flow in the quarter, we can follow up with you afterwards on that. As I highlighted, we ended the quarter with about $4 billion in cash that did not include the Semma -- the disbursement for Semma, which happened shortly after, what you can see though with our performance this year is that we are on track to end the year with more cash than we started the year. And that's even after spending nearly $1.5 billion on business development during the year, so the operating leverage and the cash flow generation continues to be very strong.Second part of your question was around operating margin, we've run in the kind of low to mid-40s in the first half of the year. We do expect, you've seen -- you saw a little bit of a ramp up in expenses in the third quarter, an additional ramp up in the fourth quarter. So we should end the year in that low to mid-40s range. Again, a significant increase over last year, which was around 39% and so with the continued growth of the business on the top line and disciplined spending, we continue to drive operating margins up and you could expect that into 2020 as well.
Stuart Arbuckle: And Geoff, in terms of the breakdown of I think it was just Kalydeco you wanted US, ex-US.
Geoff Porges: Well, the three markets.
Stuart Arbuckle: Okay. All right. I got all three. So Kalydeco US was $163 million in the quarter, ex-US was $87 million, Orkambi was $199 million in the quarter in the US, $98 million ex-US and Symdeko Symkevi the US was $349 million and ex-US was $55 million in the quarter.
Charles Wagner: Geoff, this is Charlie. I would add, you've been pretty consistent in looking for the details on this. Going forward, we're going to move away from some of this detail. Obviously, now with the triple approval, we've got a portfolio of medicines that are going to allow us to treat the vast majority of patients within the medicines, there is a significant level of label overlap and we see a significant level of switching and we would expect even more switching with the triple. As a result, the very, very detailed breakdown by product becomes less meaningful over time. So moving forward, our intention would be to report total CF revenues and break that out by product. We will also break out our US and ex-US revenues, but we will move away from providing very detail product by geography.
Geoff Porges: Perfect. I will know what to expect. Thank you.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Whitney Ijem of Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Whitney Ijem: Hey, guys thanks for taking the questions. A couple of quick follow-ups. First on Semma. They had previously guided to a first half 20 start for the naked cell program, I believe, is that still on track? And then for FSGS, just curious, are there any plans to do sort of a basket study of renal diseases driven by APOL1 or as you mentioned, are you kind of specifically focusing on FSGS for the near term?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, Whitney, this is Jeff. I'll take the Semma question and Reshma will take the FSGS question. In terms of Semma, we are very pleased actually with the progress in both programs, the naked cells and the device plus cells, I think it's a little early -- as they're in discussions with regulators to sign a precise date to when they will start clinical trials. But I do anticipate it to be in the near future, meaning this isn't a program, it's three to five years out or anything like that, but stay tuned as they and we finish our discussions with regulators, we can give you a little more certainty.
Reshma Kewalramani: With regard to the FSGS question, it's a good question about basket trials. But, no, that's not our approach. The FSGS component compared to for example non-diabetic kidney disease that also has an APOL1 mediated component. They're actually different enough that the FSGS patients are much more sick, the progression is faster and the levels of protein are very high, so we think that there is a real high unmet need there that we have to go at it first and get there and then we'll get to the other. So our focus here is FSGS, APOL1 mediated and we're going to do that as a standalone trial.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, everyone, for tuning in and analysts for their questions. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available in the office tonight. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Welcome. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Tonight, we will review with you Vertex's Business Progress and provide our Second Quarter Financial Results.Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Vertex's Chief Financial Officer. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer, will join us for Q&A.We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded and a replay will be on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our triple combination regimens for cystic fibrosis, Vertex's other programs, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially.I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks Michael. Good evening everyone. It's with great pride and appreciation for all that our employees and leadership team are achieving, so I'd like to take a few minutes to talk about our progress and to affirm our strategy going forward.I'm pleased to say that our business is outperforming on multiple fronts. As we enter the second of year area, we are on track to achieve or exceed our 2019 goals, and we're well-positioned for continued innovation and growth in the future.We're treating more people with CF than ever before with our approved medicines, which continues to drive significant revenue growth to support investment and to creating future medicines. We have rapidly growing our pipeline beyond CF, and we now have ongoing development programs evaluating seven different potentially transformative medicines spanning five specialty diseases.We have also established multiple new collaborations and acquisitions over the past year aim at complementing our productive internal research engine. First is CF. Our progress in CF has been extraordinary. In 2019 alone, we have received nine new regulatory approvals or label expansions for our CF medicines globally.We reached new reimbursement agreements in 10 countries outside the U.S. and completed the Phase III program for our triple combination regimens involving nearly 1,000 patients. And just last week, we announced the submission of the New Drug Application for the triple combination of VX-445 tezacaftor and ivacaftor to the U.S. FDA, marking the most significant milestones to-date in our efforts to create new CF medicines over the past two decades.The Phase III data we announced in May for the VX-445 triple combination regimen were unprecedented, showing improvements in lung function and other measures of the disease that were among the highest magnitude ever seen in any of our CF studies.CF is a progressive and debilitating disease. We share the urgency of patients who are waiting for a new medicine to treat the underlying cause of their CF and we therefore moved quickly to complete our NDA to the VX-445 triple combination within just weeks of receiving the final data.Outside the U.S., we are focused on reaching new reimbursement agreements for our current CF medicines. And wherever possible, we are seeking portfolio agreements that will also provide patients with access to future CF innovations from Vertex. Beyond CF, our pipeline is expanding and advancing rapidly. We have seven potential transformative new medicines and clinical development across five serious specialty disease areas, including alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, pain, APOL1-mediated kidney diseases, pain, sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia.We are also increasing our external investment to build the toolkit to develop future breakthrough medicines and specific diseases we're interested in. Most recent example of these efforts are the recently completed acquisition of Exonics Therapeutics and our expanded collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics and the development of new genetic therapies for DMD and DM1.These agreements provide us with development candidates that have shown promising preclinical results and also enable us to integrate cutting-edge scientific technology and expertise in diseases that are highly aligned with our business strategy. We plan to execute more of these types of fields as we further expand our pipeline of transformative medicines over the coming months and years.Our strategy to create medicines by investing in serial scientific innovation is working as demonstrated by our continued strong performance in the first half of 2019. Importantly, our commercial success allows us to invest both internally in our own pipeline and externally through new collaborations to fuel our future growth. The results of our substantial and highly directed investments in R&D are evident in the significant progression of our pipeline, and we have the potential to achieve a risk-lowering clinical data in several programs in 2020.Before I end my prepared remarks, I'd like to say a few words about the leadership transition that will happen eight months from now, where I will become Executive Chairman and Reshma will become Vertex's new President and CEO.First, let me say that it's been a tremendous pleasure and honor to lead this company since 2012. I'm very proud of what the team has accomplished during that time. Vertex has never been stronger. Our business is growing rapidly and we'll continue to grow for the next decade as we bring elexacaftor to the vast majority of CF patients worldwide and then deliver on our clinical stage pipeline and multiple other serious diseases.Based upon our success in CF, we now have the financial strength to invest in both internal and external innovation to deliver even more transformative medicines to more patients with serious diseases.Finally, we have an outstanding senior leadership team with a proven track record of executing against our strategy. Together, these factors differentiate us and position us for long-term success. Having worked closely with Reshma for the last several years, I know that she is the perfect choice us to succeed me as CEO and fully prepared to lead Vertex into the future. As a position scientist, she has a deep commitment our strategy of serial innovation as well as our inclusive culture of outstanding science.She is an excellent communicator and a strong collaborative leader with a proven ability to execute against our strategy and deliver results. Importantly, she has a track record of putting patients first in driving innovation to have a transformative impact on patients' lives.Of course you all aren't getting rid of quite yet, as you probably know, smooth and undisrupted succession is historically been one of the biggest challenges for biotech companies. Recognizing this, the Board and I worked for several years on the succession plan that would ensure both strategic and operational continuity. As part of this plan, I'm looking forward to playing a continued active role in the company as Executive Chairman, supporting Reshma and our team to a smooth transition through Q1 2023.Specifically, Reshma and I have agreed that I will maintain an active role in four areas of the company; business development, helping to get deals done and secure our access to external innovation in products; building our new Boston research site dedicated to genetic therapies; Investor Relations and public affairs and government relations where I have established important relationships with state, federal and international levels over the last seven years. I look forward to continuing to engage with you as the company progresses.I'll now turn the call over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thank you, Jeff. I'm honored to become Vertex's next CEO. Over the last eight years, your strategic vision and relentless dedication to science and serial innovation has transformed the company, revolutionized the treatment of CF, and produced a pipeline of breakthrough medicines for other serious diseases. The success of our serial innovation strategy has also resulted in unprecedented financial strength.I believe strongly in our differentiated strategy and I have no plans to change it. Our commitment to finish the journey in CF and to create multiple transformative medicines for other serious diseases has never been stronger. I look forward to continuing to work alongside Jeff and our outstanding senior leadership team at a time of such great opportunity for the company. And to deliver on our promises to bring more transformative medicines to patients with serious diseases who are waiting for them.Now, turning to key updates on our medicines and clinical development. 2019 has been a year of important clinical and regulatory milestones for our CF medicines and our pipeline beyond CF. In CF, we recently submitted our NDA for the VX-445 triple combination regimen and remain on track to complete our application in Europe in the fourth quarter of this year.Our NDA included a request for priority review which are granted with provided PDUFA date sometime late in the first quarter of next year. If approved, this regimen would not only be the first medicine to treat the cause of CF for the SMF population, the largest remaining group of people with CF without the medicine for the underlying cause of their disease, but it would also be a significant enhancement for the SF population.The VX-445 triple combination regimen represents a significant advance over currently available medicines and may be able to treat up to 90% of people with CF in the future. We want to bring this medicine to as many patients as quickly as possible, and we've already begun our efforts towards gaining approval for this regimen in younger patients to an ongoing Phase III study in children ages six to 11.Outside of CF, we have clinical development efforts ongoing across five different diseases and expect important clinical data readouts from multiple programs in 2020. In our AAT program, we have completed evaluation of single and multiple ascending doses of our first small molecule corrector, VX-814 in healthy volunteers.Based on the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic data from the study, we have decided to advance VX-814 into a Phase II dose-ranging study in AAT patients who have 2 Z mutations. We expect to obtain clinical data from our AAT program in people with two Z mutations in 2020.And consistent with our approach of developing a portfolio of multiple potential medicines in each of our programs, we have also recently advanced a second AAT corrector, VX-864 into Phase I development; both VX-814 and VX-864 have received Fast-Track Designation from the FDA.In pain, we have established proof-of-concept for NaV1.8 inhibition in multiple Phase II studies in acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain conditions. We have identified a number of selective NaV1.8 inhibitors and our plan is to obtain clinical data from multiple compounds in order to choose the best molecule or molecules to advance into late-stage developments. We announced today that we are initiating a Phase I study of a novel NaV1.8 inhibitor, VX-961.In sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia, we've now dose two patients in our hemoglobinopathies program with our partner, CRISPR Therapeutics, using the novel gene-editing therapy, CTX001. The first sickle cell patient was dosed in the middle of this year which follows the first patient with beta-thalassemia who was dosed in the first quarter of the year.Before I turn the call over to Charlie, I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about a new area for Vertex, APOL1-mediated kidney diseases, which includes FSGS or focal segmental glomerulosclerosis. There have been few to no medicines developed and approved specifically to address the underlying cause of kidney diseases. So, the nephrologist who has treated his patients, I find this program exciting both scientifically and personally.Our approach to the treatment of APOL1-mediated kidney diseases will initially focus on the inhibition of APOL1 functions in patients with FSGS. We estimate that there are approximately 10,000 people with FSGS in the U.S. who are homozygous for APOL1 mutations. These patients high level of protein known as proteinuria and typically progress to reduce kidney function and/or kidney failure.We have developed proprietary self and animal models to evaluate our compounds in FSGS and based on our preclinical data, we believe that inhibiting APOL1 protein function will reduce proteinuria and also the course of this progressive disease.I'm pleased to report that we recently began dosing healthy volunteers in a Phase I study of our first oral small molecule inhibitor of APOL1 function. This molecule known as VX-147 is the first of multiple potential medicines for APOL1-mediated kidney diseases that we are advancing in late-stage research.If we are successful in Phase I, our plan is to initiate a Phase II proof-of-concept study in 2020 where we would evaluate the ability of VX-147 to reduce protein levels in the urine. A demonstrated reduction in proteinuria in FSGS would represent an important biological proof-of-concept for this program.In summary, we've made outstanding progress in CF and in multiple other disease areas in 2019 and are positioned to obtaining important clinical data from multiple diseases in our pipeline in 2020.I'll now turn the call over to Charlie.
Charles Wagner: Thanks Reshma. I'm pleased to review with you our second quarter financial results, which showed both strong commercial performance as a result of treating more CF patients globally and disciplined investment focused on internal and external innovation to create future medicines. All of the results and guidance I will discuss tonight are non-GAAP.Our second quarter total product revenues were $940 million, a 25% increase compared to the second quarter of 2018. This increase was driven primarily by the uptake of SYMDEKO in the U.S. and the recent launch of SYMKEVI in Germany.SYMDEKO and SYMKEVI revenues for the second quarter were $362 million; the strong SYMKEVI launch in Germany represented the majority of $46 million in SYMDEKO and SYMKEVI revenues from outside the U.S. As a result of the reimbursement agreements and new regulatory approvals for young children, we also continue to see new patients initiating treatment with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI.Our second quarter 2019 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $394 million, similar to the $388 million seen in the second quarter of 2018. The significant growth in revenues and disciplined spending in the second quarter resulted in operating income of $413 million, a 59% increase compared to the second quarter of 2018.Net income for the second quarter of 2019 was $327 million compared to $244 million in the second quarter of 2018. We also continue to strengthen our balance sheet and in the second quarter with approximately $4 billion in cash and marketable securities compared to $3.2 billion at the end of 2018.We expect to continue to generate significant cash flow throughout 2019 and beyond as more patients are treated with our medicines, and we have a clear strategy of reinvesting in both internal R&D and external innovation to support our long-term growth.The results of our commitment to reinvest in R&D are clear, as evidenced by the progression of our internal pipeline into multiple new diseases and also by our increased use of capital to establish new collaborations and acquisitions aimed at the creation of future medicines.Over the past 12 months, we have invested more than $600 million in cash to establish multiple new collaborations and acquisitions that provide us with access to new external scientific technologies, programs and expertise in multiple diseases to complement our internal research engine.These activities and the significant expansion of our internal team dedicated to finding and securing new scientific opportunities underscore our commitment to investing in external innovation to support our future growth. Importantly, with our growing free cash flow, we have even more flexibility to enter into additional deals.Now on to guidance. As a result of our strong commercial performance seen in the first half of 2019, we are increasing our total CF product revenue guidance to $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion from the prior range of $3.45 billion to $3.55 billion.Our revenue guidance reflects anticipated revenues from countries where our medicines are currently reimbursed. Our financial guidance for both combined R&D and SG&A expenses and our anticipated effective tax rate is unchanged.We remain on the trajectory of significant revenue growth, which is driving expansion of operating margin and increases in net income. Importantly, our increasing revenues are allowing for significant reinvestment in internal and external programs to fuel our future growth with new medicines.Echoing Jeff's comments from the start of the call, Vertex has never been stronger and is well-positioned to continue executing on its strategy to drive value and growth through investment in serial innovation.With that, I'll open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen & Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the progress. Two for me. First on the financials for the quarter. There was a big step up Q-on-Q the revenue ORKAMBI soon SYMKEVI revenue still not clear to me what exactly drove that uptick in Q2 versus Q1. Would you be willing to delineate what factors drove that uptick? And then second on VX-814. Curious if you'd be willing to say anything more about the Phase I profile you saw or the Phase II trial you're about to start. Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: As I'll take the first question, Phil, on the step-up in revenues. It's actually this was driven by a number of things. It was the ongoing launches of SYMDEKO here in the U.S. and SYMKEVI outside the U.S., most notably in Germany, where those were driven fantastic performance. So that's led to the growth of SYMDEKO SYMKEVI. And while cannibalized some of our ORKAMBI revenues, we've actually received a number of new approvals for lower range ranges for ORKAMBI and KALYDECO over the last few quarters.And as those launches are being executed, that's adding new patients in both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI as well. So, it really is a combination of expanded labeled indications for our all the ORKAMBI and KALYDECO and then the successful launch of SYMDEKO around the world.
Reshma Kewalramani: So, this is Reshma. With regard to your question about VX-814, that's the first small molecule corrector we've taken into AAT. We have completed the Phase I study, which is the status single-ascending dose and multiple ascending dose and what we saw there was a profile that looked really good from a safety and tolerability point of view. That was of course the primary endpoint but also importantly, around the PK.With regard to what we're going to do in Phase II, obviously we need to have our discussions with the regulators, but what I can tell you is that I expect the study to be of a very reasonable size and of a very reasonable duration, not dissimilar to what you've seen us do with CF. And I say that because what we're going to be measuring is AAT levels and activity.
Phil Nadeau: That's very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Salveen Richter: Thanks for taking my question. So, regarding the AAT program, you talked about looking at the endpoint of AAT levels, do you think that liver histology would be required? And then how do you see the asset sitting into the treatment paradigm in light of different approaches that are in development? And I have a follow-up.
Reshma Kewalramani: So, Salveen, you know that the data point that's available to us right now, it pertains to the infusion therapies and what they used in their Phase III programs and what their approvals were based on even the AAT levels. And that's a data point, and that's what's available to us. What I foresee here in terms of our AAT program are a few points I just want to make sure I highlight. One, this is a small molecule oral corrector, so that's important, this is oral.The second is that certainly for the long liver move -- sorry, for the lung AAT levels activity will be important. And for the liver, I do expect that we're going to evaluate liver biopsies in Phase II and that we will need to have discussions with regulators regard to how that fits into the label and what that program looks like. Let me ask Jeff to make a comment as well.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, I think the second part of your question, Salveen, which is related to first is how does this compare to other approaches. Maybe just to remind you that AAT escalation says is both a lung disease and a liver disease. The mutant protein is that accumulate to the liver and therefore causes significant liver disease and up to 30% of patients. And obviously, it doesn't get into the serum in an active form and so it doesn't protect the lung against out of digestion by protease. There's two different that are involved in really successful treatment of the disease will require treatment of both liver and lung.This approach, as Reshma side, is a small molecule which has distinct and sort of differentiated advantage of treating both by refolding the protein in the liver and clearing the liver. Now, we believe it will have a positive effect on the liver disease and of course by refolding the protein to an active form of the serum, we expected to have a positive effect in the lung.And I think you can see why we're enthusiastic about that. If you look at our slides, this time, we've shown the 814 in the past, this time we showed you 864, which is the next molecule for a longer period of time for 12 weeks now. What you see in that slide, in the mouse model, is actually expressing the human mutant protein is two important things. One, we're able to drive functional levels of AAT in the serum well into the carrier range quickly and that affected sustained over 12 weeks at that if anything had increased as we go through the 12 weeks.And two, with 12 weeks of therapy, we're really able to see remarkable clearing of the liver, both the non-aggregated forms of the -- and aggregated forms, which are the forms. And so those are exactly the things -- recently excited, exactly the things that we want to look for in the human.Most of the other approaches out there as you know either treat the lung so, for instance, the replacement therapy or they treat the liver, for instance, the antisense or knockdown therapies that are out there.But they don't treat both and so the reason we're so excited about is it's a small molecule approach that treats both at least in their mouse model, and that's what we'll be looking for as Reshma described in the Phase III studies which can be a fairly small number patient for a fairly short period of time.
Salveen Richter: Great. Thank you. And then on the call, you did discuss a couple of times today using capital for external opportunities. And are you thinking about smaller transactions like the one you just did with Exonics? And in the context of that, when you think of building the genetic center, do you see yourself of sticking just to gene-editing or would you expand it to other modalities? And then further, would it be these smaller transactions or could there be a larger transaction in your future?
Jeff Leiden: Sure. First of all, I don't want to call Exonics a smaller transaction. They might be insulted by that. We sought to be an important significant transaction, but I know of course what you mean. As we said before, first of all, we are accumulating significant financial firepower capital in our balance sheet, and so you should expect to see us do more deals and potentially larger deals. But the strategy will remain the same as it's been for the last four years. And as you know, we focus on three areas. Anything in CF that could be complementary or were additive to what we're doing now is triple. Obviously, we're not seeing any of those because the triple has set such a high bar, but we continue to look at everything out there.The second one is technologies -- our technology platforms that would allow us to better treat the kinds of diseases which you've heard about today either alone or potentially in combination with small molecules. And you've seen us do the CRISPR deal, the Moderna deal, the Armor deal, the X-Chem deal, all of those fall into that category.And then the third area is looking for assets mostly preclinical and early clinical assets that will complement our pipeline in the diseases we're interested in. In a way, Exonics was a part of that because DMD and DM1 are two diseases we're interested in and we continue to look for those assets.So, I think you can expect to see more of that. With respect to the size of the transactions, we do have more firepower, and so you could potentially see larger deals. But what I think you will not see is us doing large deals to buy on-market products or late-stage products to grow revenue and by revenue growth. We don't really need that given the revenue growth we're projecting out well into the 2020 from both the CF franchise and then the pipeline. Does that give you better sense of what we're looking for?
Salveen Richter: Yes, that's helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Okay. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question a comment comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Thanks for the questions. On AAT, I just wanted to know back to back, ask Reshma, we don't have a lot of confidence in the assays that you guys have to use and translating both CF as it relates to what level that you could get in the human? And then how long that will take that to show up and what specifically is indication?
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks for that. So, maybe let me talk about AAT and our level of confidence with regard to the assay and our approach. So, with regards to the assay, that was pretty simple. The assays for levels is--
Jeff Leiden: Hey Mike we may be getting a background noise. May be you can go on mute.
Reshma Kewalramani: I'll try and speak over the noise. The assay with regard to AAT levels, that was pretty simple. That's a commercially available, readily accessible assay 4 levels. With regard to activity, that one is also well worked through. It's analyzer and that is not something that we think is going to be particularly complicated.With regard to confidence, obviously, unlike CF, which has already gone through our preclinical assays and through the clinic, so we can look back and make those correlations, with AAT, we have yet to go into patients.That being said, the reason we have confidence and the reason I'm very excited about taking this forward to Phase II is the animal models we have remember has the human gene inserted into it. And whether we look at levels or activity in the mouse or we look at the liver and particularly, as we look at the liver over time, it just continues to impress us and raise our levels of confidence.
Jeff Leiden: And then, Mike, the other thing as you know, is that we know from sort of experiments of nature that carriers, meaning the parents of these patients, are asymptomatic, and they have reduced levels anywhere from sort of 11 to 17 micromolar. Certainly by the time we get to 17 micromolar, there's a lot of evidence that's highly protected. So, we know the level that we're looking for in advance.And as Reshma said, simply by measuring levels of active AAT in these Phase II patients, we had a pretty good idea of where we are with respect to treatment efficacy and carrier levels.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Alethia Young: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a very good quarter and progress from the pipeline. I just wanted to kind of maybe take a step back and ask a question around the pain program. I noticed it's under differentiating molecules. So, can you just spend some time, maybe, discussing how you think pain and the certain indications associated with it might fit with for your business? And are you planning on partnering some of them? Or keeping some to yourself? That would be very appreciated. Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Alethia, let me start, this is Reshma, and let me just bring everyone up to speed on where we are, and then I'll turn it over to Jeff to make some comments about strategically where it fits into the business, partnering and all of that.So, with regard to the pain program, you know that we have advanced VX-150 through Phase IIb dose ranging, and we've had positive results in neuropathic pain, osteoarthritis, as well as acute pain. The safety profile look good. The tolerability look good. And that's one-half of the equation.The other half of the equation goes back to our approach to CF as well as the AAT, and that has to do with bringing forward a portfolio of molecules. And that part as it pertains to the new news for today, we're advancing VX-961, our next NaV1.8 inhibitor into the clinic. So, we're going to wait for the results from that one, and then pick the best molecule or molecules to advance into late-stage development.If I try to maybe simplify it and raise the altitudes, we always talk about cracking the biology and then pouring out the chemistry. In the pain program, the part of it that we're at is pouring on the chemistry. And what we're doing now is bringing our molecules forward, and we're going to pick the very best one or ones to take to late-stage development. Jeff?
Jeff Leiden: So, Alethia, with respect to how we think about pain sort of strategically and commercially, which I think is your question. We said in the past, we really view it as multiple indications, even, potentially, multiple causes. But we feel there's acute pain, which is the kind of pain that you have when you have a surgery or a tooth extraction or an injury. That pain is treated mostly -- not entirely, but mostly, in hospitals, pain centers, Dental offices, et cetera, and you can reach most of those patients with a specially sales question.So, we view acute pain, which is the multibillion dollar opportunity, as something that's certainly consistent with our Vertex strategy of making transformative drug in the specialty area. And obviously, the other driver in acute pain is that we're sitting in the middle of a horrible opioid crisis, and the majority of the pain treatments for acute pain are opioids.So, we think having a molecule, like 150 or 961, that would have opioid-like efficacy without any of the indicative potential or side effects would be very powerful transformative advance in the treatment of acute pain. That one we really developed and commercialized ourselves.If you move on to neuropathic pain, which is the second type of pain, very, very different. There's a diabetic and nondiabetic component there. It's also a specialty market; it requires slightly more -- slightly larger sales force, but certainly one we could muster. And the key there is going to be to demonstrate that one of our molecules is superior for the molecules out there, like [Indiscernible] et cetera, which as you know, are going generic. And so we're doing those studies as part of our Phase II program. And then we'll be able to decide what the commercial strategy is there.And then the third area is what we call musculoskeletal pain. It's what you would think of as low back pain, sciatica. It's a huge market, as you know, a multibillion market. That's a community market, for the most part, and that's a market that we would not enter ourselves. We are looking -- we have positive results in that market, but that's one where we would look to partner with a company that had a community sales force that we would not intend to build.We still think we can monetize this with them, but we wouldn't -- we certainly wouldn't do it ourselves. So, maybe that gives you a little clarity about how you think about these three different components of the market.
Alethia Young: Yes, very helpful. Thanks for teasing that out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question and congrats to both Jeff and Reshma on the news. So two for you. First on AAT, I know this is standard strategy for Vertex, but can you describe the key differences between the two AAT molecules you have? Now is there anything that really stands out there?And then, secondly, I just wanted to ask about the triple and the potential of a future once-daily. Did the selection of 445 over 659, did that -- was the decision made to any extent based off of like early work in combination with your other next-gen correctors that you're working on? Or with VX-651 for use in that once-daily combination? How important do you think a once-daily option is at this point?
Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. Hi Cory. Two very different questions. Maybe let me tackle the CF one first, and I'll go backwards and do AAT. With regard to triple combination, let me take the first half of that, and I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on the importance of once-daily.So, no, the decision to select 445 versus 659 really had nothing to do with our ability to combine it with some of our other molecules. I think you're thinking about VX-561, our deuterated ivacaftor compound that it is, itself, in Phase II.The VX-561 corrector could be combined with VX-121, which is what it is combined with currently, and it is in Phase II, but we could have easily paired it with 445 or 659. Stuart, do you want to talk through once-daily?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Cory, once-daily is an advance for sure, and we certainly want to try and make things as easy as possible for patients to take on medicines, but much more important is the efficacy and safety of the triple-combination regimen.So, it's definitely an advantage. It's something we want to do to try and make things as easy as possible for our patients. But going from twice-a-day to once-a-day is nowhere near as important as the levels of efficacy that we are delivering with the triple-combination regimens. And then, AAT, I'll hand it back to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. So, with regard to AAT, VX-814 and VX-864, pre-clinically, they both look very good, and obviously, we look at parameters pertaining to efficacy as well as safety, but there are also additional parameters that we pay careful attention to pre-clinically. Those include things like formulation, DDI, PK, and both VX-814 and VX-864 look really very good.The reason we're taking multiple molecules into the clinic is what we've learned, honestly, from CF. And what we've learned is once you crack the biology, it really is about pouring on the chemistry. And it serves as risk mitigation as we progress forward. So, both 864 and 814 look very good, and we're going to be moving those as quickly as possible.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Two for me. One, Jeff or Reshma, could you just give us an update on the current status of your negotiations with various EU countries about reimbursement for your CF medicine?And then, second, on FSGS, can you just talk broadly, is proteinuria a potential regulatory endpoint in that disease? Or how should we think about that as a biomarker that could be used from a regulatory standpoint? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: So, Matt, it's Stuart here. I'll take the question on reimbursement, and then Reshma will take the question on FSGS and proteinuria. So, as Jeff said in our prepared remarks, we have made some important progress in the first half of this year in securing new pricing and reimbursement agreements in various countries around the world, either for SYMDEKO, SYMKEVI or for our expanded indications for ORKAMBI and KALYDECO. There's a number of countries where we are yet to establish access, and that is a very, very high priority for us as a company.We're in active discussions with all of the governments where we don't currently have access and our commitment to securing access for our current and in the future medicines is as strong as it's ever been. Unfortunately, it's impossible to comment on exactly when we'll be able to bring those discussions to a successful conclusion, but it absolutely remains a top priority for us, and we remain committed to getting access as soon as we possibly can. Reshma, FSGS?
Reshma Kewalramani: All right. FSGS. So, with regard to what could the regulatory endpoint be, and could it be proteinuria? I guess there are a few important points to raise. The first is that, not all proteinuria is created equal. And what I mean by that is regulators around the globe have actually thought about this issue and have handled workshops, and this is something that is often discussed in the renal community.And really, where we are is that there are certain homogeneous real diseases that lead to heavy proteinuria. And in those sorts of conditions, proteinuria may well be an endpoint that is the one that is important in the long run.Now, there are many other diseases that are far more heterogeneous with levels of proteinuria that are smaller, and that's a different kettle of fish. We have to go through our regulatory interactions. We have to have these discussions, and we're not there yet. But what I will say is that not all proteinuria is created equal.And in my mind, when you're looking at a homogeneous disease, a disease like APOL1-mediated FSGS, which is a genetically-defined condition, it is a very described patient population, and the proteinuria that we're talking about is heavy with the consequence invariably being progression of the kidney dysfunction or progression to end-stage renal disease, which really means dialysis or transplantation, that there's a lot of conversation to be had around proteinuria being the endpoint. I hope that helps.
Matthew Harrison: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line up Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams: Hi guys. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks for taking my questions and my congrats to Jeff and Reshma as well. A question on AAT, and then a question on the kidney program. On AAT, any reason why 864 was tested for longer periods in the assays that you presented versus 814?And then on the kidney program, some recent data suggested that APOL1 RNA variance might have a more direct impact on podocyte damage that leads to proteinuria. So, I'm just curious what drives your confidence that targeting the protein will reverse the path of physiology? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Maybe I'll take those both. First of all, with respect to 864 and 814, no, there was no real reason that we had different time frames. In fact, we've looked at shorter time frames for 864 and longer time frames for 814.I think what you should take away from that is, we've seen very, very consistent results for both of these molecules, which is one of the reasons why we're so encouraged and excited about taking them into the clinic. So, I think that's pretty simple.Second question was about -- the RNA merits, yes, on APOL1. So, yes, let's touch on this real quickly. Actually, Reshma maybe talk about APOL1 and what we know about the mechanism, and why we're excited about what we've got there.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure. Sure. So, let me try to break down APOL1-mediated kidney disease. It's a genetic disease. It follows an autosomal recessive pattern, so you need homozygosity to get the disease. And maybe this thing that is the most important to note is, amongst African-Americans who have FSGS; 70-plus percent of these patients have APOL1-mediated disease. So, that's why this is so important. And in the U.S., there's about 10,000 people who have this.What we -- we understand the mechanism of APOL1-mediated disease very well, and we also understand the mechanism of our molecule, VX-147 very well. We have developed a host of in vitro cell-based assays, and we also have a mouse model with the human gene that we've inserted.And we really have a very, very good understanding of what happens with the protein, the next steps, how we are interdicting on this resulting in decreased proteinuria. And the 75% that you see is a very big number.And the bottom-line of all of this is the way you end the progression of kidney disease, the way you stop this is you need to do two things. One, you need to target the underlying biology; and two; you actually need to decrease proteinuria because proteinuria itself further damages the kidney. And so that's sort of where we are, and that's why we feel very good about our program. Jeff, I don't know if you have any other comments you want to make?
Jeff Leiden: I think, if I heard you correctly, Brian, you were asking, specifically, do we believe this is an RNA variance issue? And the answer that is no. We believe it has very strong evidence, both pharmacologically, and genetically, and biochemically that this is a protein defect within the APOL1 protein.
Brian Abrahams: That's really helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Your line is open.
Paul Matteis: Thanks very much for taking the questions. To continue the trend, I'm going to ask Q1 AAT. One, on the mouse data. Can you talk about how early you're treating in the lifespan of mice, where you're seeing this level of clearance in the liver? How much protein accumulation has already occurred?And second, we had found a posting on the A-1AT Foundation for a study for VX-814 going on at the Covance research unit in Dallas looking at ZZ mutant patients that was -- it looked like it was recruiting. Can you clarify, is that study ongoing? And is that something that could produce some data, potentially, on the sooner side? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: And maybe I'll take the first one, and Reshma will take the second part of that. This is Jeff. So, we decided to treat these mice at about one month of age. We treated them, and this particular experiment showed you they'd explode for 12 weeks. And in answering your question, there's already protein accumulation, very significantly, yes. You can see that, actually, in the slide there, and you see that protein accumulation occurring early and getting worse and worse over time in the control animals, and essentially clearing or mostly clearing in the treated animals.
Reshma Kewalramani: I think your second question was around VX-814 and some clinical trial postings and such. What you can expect to see from us is the same level of urgency that we worked on CF with AAT. And so you're right, we are starting to really mobilize our clinical trial efforts. And you may well see some postings for patient recruitment. I would anticipate that the data event with regard to when can we see some data from people with ZZ -- the ZZ mutation, I would say that that's likely to be a 2020 event.
Paul Matteis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much and appreciate taking the question. Stuart, just a couple on the core business. Could you just give us an update on where you are with the success of SYMDEKO in the penetration of the adult population carrying F508del allele? Just help us with benchmarking.And then, related to that, would you anticipate the vast majority of those patients switching pretty quickly through the triple? And should we anticipate that there is incremental patient volume available to the triple, or is it primarily going to be the cannibalization of existing volume? And that's in the adult market in the U.S., obviously, the individual geographies around the world will play out over time.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Jeff. So, SYMDEKO here in the U.S., in the 12-plus population, we are about 18 months into that launch now. That launch has gone spectacularly well. The vast, vast majority of F508del homozygous patients are now being treated with either SYMDEKO or ORKAMBI because there are a large number of patients who have chosen to remain on ORKAMBI.So, that launch is going to vary kind of long in its life cycle, and as you know the life cycle of our launches in CF is pretty short. The uptake tends to be fairly vertical. And obviously we're earlier in the launch in ex-U.S. markets.But as Charlie said in his prepared remarks, the launch, for instance, in Germany is going tremendously well. And there, we are now over 80% of F508 homozygous patients are being treated with a CFTR modulator, either ORKAMBI or increasingly, SYMKEVI.So, the launch is in the 12-plus population, going very well, and that's largely what's driven the strong revenue growth this quarter. In terms of the number of patients who might transition, hard to predict until we get out there in the real world, but certainly, given the strength of the clinical data that we have in terms of the additional clinical benefit patients see from adding in a third product, our second corrected to SYMDEKO, I think the demand is likely to be really, really strong.Those levels of efficacy are truly, truly incredible. And certainly, the feedback we've had from the position of patient community, both directly and also through research, would suggest that we're going to see very high levels of uptake.In fact if anything, it's likely going to be most constrained by the actual capacity of the CF centers to be able to make that transition, rather than position in the patient interest in getting on to the triple.
Geoffrey Porges: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mohit Bansal from Citi. Your line is open.
Mohit Bansal: Thanks for taking my question and congrats to both Jeff and Reshma. Maybe -- I would love to get your thought on the recent mRNA data we have seen retranslate. Do you think the delivery -- what do you think of the delivery here? And what is the challenging part of delivering a micro RNA -- mRNA therapy, in lung? And I would love to get your comments on your own efforts to modernize that. thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Sure. Thanks for the question, Mohit. This is Jeff. Obviously, it's a little too early, I think, to really make much of any comments about the data we saw today. Very early data, one part of the trial, single doses in very small numbers of patients. I honestly can't really give you much of a comment, and we usually don't comment on competitors anyway.I certainly can comment on what we think about nucleic assay therapy or mRNA therapies, which as you know, we're working on as well. We do believe that, ultimately, they may play a role in the treatment of CF, but we also believe it's a very long journey.And the reason for that, as you just pointed out is the delivery issue. It is very difficult to deliver to the entire lung, to the rights cells, which we'll come back to in a minute. And in the case of mRNA, to do that repetitively which will certainly be needed. And while we're working out and many others are as well, it's a difficult problem.And the problem isn't expressing CFTR. That is a relatively easy problem. The problem is how do you deliver to a football field of surface area and a lung that's inflamed full of nucleates and other immune cells, get it into the right cells, and then do it over and over again in the case of RNA. That's a really tough problem, and we said we think that's 10 or 15 years away before we crack that problem -- or others crack that problem.Now, the other issue that's worth keeping in mind is CF is not a lung disease. CF is a systemic disease that affects many different organs, including the pancreas, the liver, the GI tract, et cetera. While the obvious advantage of the small molecule CFTR correctors like a triple approach is they treat all the organs, which is very important and very beneficial for these patients.Even when we work out the inhalation therapy -- or someone works out the inhalation therapy for the lung, if it's possible that will only, obviously, treat the lung. And so I think as a standalone therapy, these will be quite challenging.And then, the final thing I would say is, there are 2 different fundamental approaches here. One is some sort of gene therapy or gene-editing approach, where you get into a stem cell, which can repopulate the airway continuously, and the other one is you deliver it to the bronchial epithelial cells, but unfortunately, as you know, those turn over every few weeks. And so if you're going to deliver mRNA to the bronchial epithelial cells, that will require continuous retreatment, which it has all sorts of immune and other inflammatory challenges itself.So, we're very interested in this. We think it's a very hard problem. We and others are working on it. I think it is a 10 or 15-year journey, and unfortunately, these inhalation therapy probably won't treat the entire disease, but just treat the lung.
Mohit Bansal: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Brian Skorney from Baird. Your line is open.
Brian Skorney: Hey guys. Thanks for putting me in here. Just maybe if I can ask a question on the APOL1 program. Is there still activity for this molecule for the different variance? And would you expect this to be equally effective for G1 or G2? And that the ultimate goal here for compete knockdown of APOL1? And are there any infectious risks that we should be thinking about for full inhibition of APOL1? And would you expect to see reductions of wild-type APOL1 in the healthy volunteer study?
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. This is Reshma. I think you're asking a few different questions about what do we understand about APOL1 in our models? And what do we understand about how VX-147 works? And so in general, we feel quite good, and we have data in our models with both G1 and G2. So, I do expect that when we go to the clinic and treat patients with APOL1-mediated FSGS that it would be all comers of APOL1-mediated disease.With regard to what do we expect to see in -- with our inhibition? We haven't taken this to humans yet so it's difficult to say. But what I can tell you is that in our animal models, we have seen good preclinical safety, good PK, and the data we've shown you on this slide, very good reductions in protein levels.
Brian Skorney: And would we -- just in the healthy volunteers, would we be looking at a biomarker in terms of wild-type of APOL1?
Reshma Kewalramani: As you know, the Phase I SAD/MAD study, the primary endpoint for that is going to be safety and tolerability. The key secondary endpoint is going to be PK. And when we get to our dose-ranging study is when we're really going to start to see the impact on proteinuria.
Brian Skorney: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Whitney Ijem from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Whitney Ijem: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question and Reshma my congrats as well. I wanted to follow-up on an earlier question around gene-editing versus gene therapy and some of the investments you guys are making, specifically with the research center and bringing John Gray on to the team.So, as we think about Vertex investing in viral vector capability, specifically, is that more around delivery in gene editing or even RNA as we think about that? Or does that signal an interest in broader gene therapy applications going forward?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, this is Jeff. So, maybe just to remind those who aren't familiar as you are with what we have announced. So, we are very interested in both gene editing and gene therapy. Not as pure therapeutic modalities. We're not going to become a gene editing company. But because the diseases that we're interested in, many of them, are very amenable to gene editing or gene therapy approaches or combinations of gene editing, gene therapy with small molecules.And so we're really building a toolbox, a broad toolbox, of mRNA, gene editing, of potentially gene therapy approaches that we can use to address those diseases. We're actually also very interested in learning how we can combine those with small molecule approaches.As part of that effort, we recently announced, simultaneously, three things. One was the expansion of the collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics into DMD and DM1. Simultaneously, the acquisition of Exonics, which gives us great scientific expertise with Eric Olson, very important guy at IP, very impressive preclinical data in the dog model, and really accelerates our DMD and DM1 programs.And the third was, you mentioned, was hiring John Gray, who's really one of the world's experts in making and manufacturing AV vectors because AV vectors are obviously going to be very important in both gene editing and gene therapy approaches.We plan to combine all of those into a new research site here in Boston, which we call Vertex Genetic Therapies. It'll have 150 to 200 scientists or so, and it will have both the project teams around these diseases like DMD and DM1, but also a preclinical and clinical manufacturing facility that will allow John to do vector work, vector formulation, bio-analytics and preclinical and clinical vector manufacturing.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our final question comes from the line of Evan Seigerman from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Evan Seigerman: Hi all. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong quarter, and my congrats as well to Reshma on your upcoming promotion. So, one on the drug pricing front. Do you see any risk to Vertex's U.S. businesses with the recent proposal by the administration to allow for importation of drugs from Canada?And while Vertex has not been a focus of recent discussion on drug pricing, how are you managing the potential risk of increased drug pricing pressures in the U.S., as this discussion is unlikely to go away anytime soon?
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Thank you for the question. It's really a two-part question. First, with respect to drug importation and I would also include them, by the way, price importation because those are really both the same things.We believe very strongly in policies that do two things: policies that encourage innovation to make more breakthrough transformative drugs; and policies that then make sure that all eligible patients can have access to those breakthrough drugs, which is equally important for us.When we look at the drug importation or price importation proposals that have been made, they don't meet either of those objectives. And in fact, we would argue that they're counter to both of them. From an access standpoint, imported drugs from Canada doesn't solve the problem because there's not nearly enough supply -- the supply access to the patients who need them in the U.S.Second, we feel that the potential very significant safety issue of allowing drugs to flow across the border in an unregulated fashion. And third, we're very certain that these kinds of policies will stifle the innovation that's led the industry here in the U.S. to be the leading innovator to make new breakthrough drugs. And so we feel that, that type of legislation is completely inconsistent with our principles.With respect to what are we doing for the future? I think the biggest thing we're doing for the future is to make sure that we're making transformational drugs because at the end of the day, these are the kind of drugs that patients and payers want to pay for and they want us to invest them and the best evidence of that is our CF programs here in the U.S. where we've seen very rapid reimbursement from all forms of payer, including government payers, Medicaid, Medicare, as well as the promotional players. And the reason for that is simple, they understand the value of those medicines to patients, and these are the kind of medicines that they actually want to pay for.I think when you look at our pipeline, as Reshma described it, what you see is exactly the same kinds of medicines for serious diseases like sickle cell disease, pain, AAT, APOL1. That's the most important thing.Obviously, we talk with politicians and lawmakers to explain the value of innovation, and we have active programs to do that. But the most important thing we do is to actually do innovation and invest in it because I think that's how we protect the value for patients and shareholders.
Evan Seigerman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A period for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Partridge for any closing remarks.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator. Thanks for tuning in to our call. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team is available for follow-up in the office tonight. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You can now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Welcome. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Tonight, we will review with you Vertex's business progress and provide our First Quarter Financial Results. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and I would like to welcome to the call Charlie Wagner, Vertex's new Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer; and Paul Silva, our Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, will join us for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded, and a replay will be on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our triple combination regimens for cystic fibrosis, Vertex's other programs and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. During the last several years, Vertex has continued to pursue its strategy of investing in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for serious diseases and then bringing these medicines to more patients around the world to drive significant revenue and operating income growth. In 2019, our success in executing against this strategy can be measured by the many important clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones that we expect to achieve this year in both CF and in our non-CF pipeline. As we look forward to the next several years, we are more confident than ever that the continued execution of this strategy will allow us to create more new medicines that change patients' lives and in so doing deliver outstanding value to our shareholders. In CF, we're bringing our approved medicines to more patients globally through recent label expansions for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and the approval and successful launch of SYMDEKO. Approximately half of all people with CF are today eligible for a Vertex CF medicine. Our goal in CF is to develop medicines for all people with this disease, and we've made significant progress toward that goal with our triple combination regimens that we believe could treat up to 90% of all people with CF in the future, providing many patients with the first medicine to treat the underlying cause of their disease and also providing enhanced benefit for the vast majority of patients currently eligible for our 3 approved medicines. With both of our triple combination regimens, we have now reported Phase III data that showed potentially transformative clinical benefit for CF patients with 2 F508del mutations as well as for those with 1 F508del mutation and 1 minimal function mutation. In the second quarter, we expect to obtain the final 24-week data from our Phase III triple combination programs, which will allow us to choose the best regimen to submit for regulatory approvals globally. We remain on track to submit an NDA in the U.S. in the third quarter followed by an MAA in Europe later this year. We look forward to updating you on our plans and to sharing additional data for our chosen triple combination regimen later this quarter. I want to also highlight our recent progress outside the CF, where we are advancing potentially transformative medicines for pain, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, sickle cell disease, beta-thalassemia, focal segmental glomerulosclerosis and other serious diseases. Our discovery efforts are focused on validated targets in diseases in which we have a deep understanding of the underlying biology and genetics. By using early clinical markers to predict the potential for these medicines to have transformative benefit, we believe we will significantly increase our probability of success in early proof-of-concept trials, enabling rapid development time lines. In our AAT program, we initiated clinical development of our first small molecule corrector, VX-814, in late 2018 and are now moving this molecule through Phase I development. Today, we announced that we have received Fast Track Designation from the FDA for this molecule. We're also advancing other small molecule correctors of AAT through late preclinical development and expect to begin clinical development of a second small molecule AAT corrector in 2019. In pain, we've established proof-of-concept for NaV1.8 inhibition across multiple Phase II studies of VX-150 in acute, neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain conditions. Data from these studies together with data from a Phase II dose-ranging study of VX-150 will inform our potential development paths in pain. In addition to our lead molecule VX-150, we have the portfolio of multiple additional NaV1.8 inhibitors in late preclinical development and expect to advance the first of these molecules into the clinic in 2019. In sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia, we are making rapid progress with our partner, CRISPR Therapeutics, on the development of the gene editing therapy, CTX001. Earlier this year, the first patient with beta-thalassemia was infused with CTX001, marking a significant scientific milestone for the field of gene editing and also a remarkable milestone for our collaboration with CRISPR. We remain on track to dose the first patient with sickle cell disease with CTX001 in the middle of the year. In addition to our internal R&D efforts, we are focused on gaining access to new technologies, platforms and development assets through external partnerships that fit our strategy of developing transformative medicines for serious specialty diseases. Toward that end, we have entered into multiple collaborations over recent months, including those with Arbor Biotechnologies, Merck KGaA, Genomics plc and X-Chem, which together provide us with access to a broad range of new scientific capabilities. And with our growing free cash flow, we have increased flexibility to enter into additional collaborations to further bolster our pipeline and provide access to new technologies. Before I close, I'd like to welcome Charlie Wagner to Vertex as our new Chief Financial Officer. Charlie joins us from Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, where he served as CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. Charlie has served as CFO for public and private companies for more than 10 years, including roles as CFO for Bruker, Progress Software and Millipore. Charlie brings to Vertex significant financial and operational expertise that will help guide us over the coming years as our business becomes more complex through continued global expansion, the treatment of many more patients and the future launches of new medicines. In welcoming Charlie, I'd also like to thank Paul Silva for his leadership over the last 3 months as our Interim CFO. Paul will continue to play an integral role within the finance organization just as he has since joining the company in 2007. I'll now turn the call over to Stuart to review our commercial progress.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff. Tonight, I'll review our commercial performance for the first quarter driven by the strong underlying demand from our medicines in the U.S. and internationally. In the first quarter, we continued to increase the number of patients being treated with our CF medicines globally, resulting in product revenues of $857 million. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, our first quarter 2019 revenues were negatively impacted by channel inventory build that occurred at the end of 2018 and by higher gross to net adjustments that we typically experienced early in the year as we highlighted on our call in January. The first quarter included $320 million of SYMDEKO revenues, including $32 million of SYMKEVI revenues from outside the U.S., primarily from Germany. SYMKEVI launch in Germany is off to a strong start, with demand coming from patients who never initiated treatment with ORKAMBI as well as patients who discontinued or have switched from ORKAMBI. Throughout 2019, we anticipated additional patients will initiate treatment with SYMDEKO in the U.S. and EU, including younger patients, ages 6 to 11 in the U.S., following potential FDA approval later this year. With KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, we continue to see new patients initiating treatment as we've secured new reimbursement agreements and received new regulatory approvals for young children around the globe. Based on our performance in the first quarter, we remain on track to deliver total CF product revenues of $3.45 billion to $3.55 billion for the full year. Outside the U.S., we continue to make progress achieving reimbursement for our CF medicines. We are focused on obtaining long-term agreements that provide access to all eligible patients. We are seeking agreements that appropriately value our scientific innovation and enable us to continue to invest in the discovery of future CF medicines and medicines for other serious diseases. I'm pleased in the first quarter of this year, we've achieved multiple pricing agreements and reimbursement milestones. In Germany, we successfully expanded our pricing agreement for ORKAMBI prompted by the EMA approval of the product in children ages 6 to 11 years. We've seen strong demand for ORKAMBI in Germany since the medicine was approved for these younger patients in January of last year. And this recent pricing agreement is further validation of the value that ORKAMBI provides. In Ireland, as part of our previously reached portfolio agreement, our medicines have now become available to children as young as 1 year old for KALYDECO, children as young as 2 years old for ORKAMBI and patients ages 12 and older for SYMKEVI, including those with a residual function mutation. We've also reached multiple new reimbursement agreements in smaller countries like Israel and Sweden, reflecting our commitment to bringing our CF medicines to all eligible patients around the world. And in Australia, we recently received a positive recommendation for SYMDEKO from the Pharmaceutical Benefits Advisory Committee, an important first step toward formal reimbursement in patients ages 12 and older. The positive recommendation of SYMDEKO comes as a result of our prior agreement in Australia for ORKAMBI, where we also defined a pathway for rapid access to SYMDEKO. In summary, I'm pleased that we are bringing our medicines to more patients around the globe and with the resulting strong revenue performance in the first quarter of the year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Charlie to further review our financial results.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening, everyone. I'm excited to join Vertex at such an important time in the company's growth, and I look forward to meeting many of you in the coming months. In addition to Stuart's comments on the performance of our CF products, tonight, I'll review our first quarter financial results and our 2019 financial guidance. All of the results and guidance I will discuss are non-GAAP. 2019 is off to a strong start. Product revenues of $857 million represent an increase of 34% compared to the first quarter of 2018. This increase was driven primarily by the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S. in 2018 and the recent launch of SYMKEVI in Germany. Our first quarter 2019 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $388 million compared to $360 million in the first quarter of 2018. This increase was primarily due to the incremental investment to support the global use of Vertex's medicines and the expansion of Vertex's pipeline in CF and other new disease areas. A significant growth in revenues and disciplined spending in the first quarter resulted in operating income of $377 million, an 81% increase compared to the first quarter of 2018. Net income for the first quarter of 2019 was $296 million compared to $196 million in the first quarter of 2018. We also continue to strengthen our balance sheet, ending the first quarter with approximately $3.48 billion in cash and marketable securities compared to $3.17 billion at the end of 2018. We expect to continue to generate significant cash flow throughout 2019 and beyond as more patients are treated with our medicines, which will enable us to continue our significant investment in internal R&D and in external innovation through business development activities. Now on to our 2019 guidance. Today, we are reiterating our financial guidance for total product revenues, combined R&D and SG&A expenses and our non-GAAP anticipated effective tax rate. As Stuart mentioned, we continue to expect total CF product revenues in the range of $3.45 billion to $3.55 billion. Our revenue guidance reflects anticipated revenues from countries where our medicines are currently reimbursed. Achieving additional significant reimbursement agreements in 2019 may provide upside to our revenues, and we would update our guidance as appropriate at that time. We also continue to expect combined R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.65 billion to $1.7 billion. The key investment drivers are ongoing CF development efforts supporting the potential launch of a triple combination regimen and expanding our pipeline into additional diseases. Our full year 2019 non-GAAP tax rate guidance of 21% to 22% is also unchanged. The vast majority of our tax provision will be a noncash expense until we fully use our net operating losses. The financial profile of our business is strong and getting stronger. We continue to execute across all aspects of our business, enabling significant revenue and operating income growth, advancement of our pipeline and investment in external innovation. I look forward to updating you on our progress going forward. With that, I'll turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks, Charlie. I'm pleased that Vertex is on track to achieve the key goals we established at the start of this year and that we remain well positioned to bring our medicines to more patients, thereby driving significant continued growth in revenue and operating income in 2019 and beyond. Our strategy of creating transformative medicines through serial innovation is working and continues to drive all parts of our business. And I look forward to updating you on our progress over the coming year. With that, I will open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Geoff Meacham of Barclays.
Geoff Meacham: Afternoon, guys. Thanks for the question. I have a commercial and a clinical one. From the commercial side, when I compare the time needed to gain full reimbursement broadly across the EU for you guys versus others in this space, it seems substantially longer for Vertex. I guess it's, obviously, pretty important, given the upcoming filing of the triple. So the question is, what do you think is a tipping point from here to change the conversation with payers across the EU? And what is the plan B? And then I'll follow up on the clinical question.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff. It's Stuart here. Yes, it's certainly taken longer than we would have liked to gain reimbursement, but I would like to remind you we've got reimbursement in many, many countries around the world, including in Europe. There are certainly some countries where we don't yet have access and certainly we're not going to give up for the patients who are waiting there until we do have access. As you know, every market is different and so it's hard to generalize about the time. It's -- the time that it's taken. Certainly, I think the individual tipping point is really very hard to say market-by-market because all of those markets are very different. Certainly, I think we've seen a significant increase in patient advocacy since triple results were released because, clearly, with a medicine which has that kind of level of benefit-risk profile, clearly, there are patients who are going to want those medicines, and I find it very hard to believe that there's going to be government sitting around to deny patients access to such an important medicine that can treat the underlying cause of their disease.
Geoff Meacham: Okay. And then on the clinical side, in CF, you guys have been able to very quickly develop a whole series of compounds, next-gen correctors and pretty rapidly, and they look very effective. But I'm just curious if - and I know you have a pipeline that's non-CF, but in other pulmonology diseases, COPD and IPF or something like that, is there a way to leverage what you have had success with in San Diego to look at the same assays and the like to come to the same kind of concept in other diseases where you have multiple shots on goal in a whole series of compounds?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes, Geoff, thanks for the question. This is Jeff Leiden. I'll take it in a couple of different pieces. First of all, we are really pleased with the speed at which we've been able to develop a whole portfolio of molecules in CF. Just to remind you, molecules like VX-659 and 445 were first synthesized in the laboratory less than 3 years ago. So we are not only through preclinical development, but through Phase III development 3 years in synthesis, which at least in my 30 or 40 years in the industry I haven't seen before. And we've taken a lot of learnings from that. And when I say we, I mean both David Altshuler in research and Reshma in development. The first thing is that we work on validated targets. With cell markers and biomarkers in preclinical development, they can predict clinical success, and that both increases the probability of success when we get into the clinic, but also speeds the work forward. Don't spend a lot of time in animal models. We move more rapidly into humans. And in all cases, and we'll talk about our pipeline, we have biomarkers in the clinic that predict early success with small clinical trials in CF. As you remember, 18- or 20-patient phase II trials pretty much tells us the answer. And as you'll see, that's true also of diseases like AAT and sickle cell and pain. And so we're certainly taking that lesson forward as well. You also asked about leveraging knowledge, and I do want to comment on one distinction. The way that we believe in leveraging knowledge is by leveraging scientific knowledge and not therapeutic area knowledge. In other words, you asked about COPD as an example. We don't have COPD programs even given what we've done in CF because we don't see the same scientific opportunity in COPD than we see in CF. And so we really pick by disease, not by therapeutic area. Disease is where we see large unmet need and scientific opportunity. And then we do leverage that experience and knowledge into those. AAT is probably the best example because it looks and smells so much like CF. But obviously, it's a genetic disease like CF. It's protein folding disorder like CF. We have a cell system and an animal system that we believe will predict clinical efficacy, and we have a simple biomarker and small trials that will tell us whether we're going to succeed or not. And so I think you can expect to see very rapid progress in the disease like AAT for the same reasons as in CF. And then maybe the final thing I would say is we do believe very strongly in this portfolio approach, and so you won't see us take rifle shots in these diseases. You'll see us create multiple molecules, and we have that in pain, we have it in AAT, we have it in FSGS, and we'll take multiple molecules into the clinic, which I think is a very important way to reduce risk.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Phil Nadeau of Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Phil Nadeau: Thanks for taking the question. A commercial one and a clinical one for me, too. First, on the commercial side, could you give us an update on where the negotiations that have been going on in France over reimbursement stand and whether there's any milestones that we externally could look for through the remainder of 2019 for progress in those negotiations? Then secondly, on the clinical side, I'm curious about VX-121 and VX-561. You mentioned that has moved into Phase II. When could we see that Phase II data? And is that combo now the most likely route to registration for VX-561? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Phil, it's Stuart here. I'll take your commercial question and then Reshma will take the clinical question. So as I said previously, we've reached multiple reimbursement agreements around the world over the last couple of years, and I'm pleased to say, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've continued to make a good progress in the first quarter. But we are certainly fully committed to securing access where we don't, so that all eligible patients can have access to our approved medicines. Every country is different, so I'll talk about England, and then I'll talk about France. As you know, we participated in the Health Select Committee inquiry in England in March that allowed us to explain our position on our company, the value of our medicines and the approach that we were taking to those negotiations. And I think one of the most positive things out of that inquiry was that we are now back at the table with the NHS and NICE, and I see that as a very positive impact from the Health Select Committee inquiry. In France, we continue to be in productive discussions with the French authorities and, likewise, we're fully committed there to securing access for any patients that don't have access. I would remind you in France, approximately 1,100 or so of the 1,700 ORKAMBI-eligible patients above 12 were initiated on ORKAMBI and continue to be on ORKAMBI through our early-access programs. And we are being kind of paid for those patients, but we won't recognize revenue for those patients till a final reimbursement agreement is secured. So what I can tell you is we are fully committed to getting access for those patients who've been waiting too long in England and those patients who are still waiting in France as well. I wish I could tell you exactly when we're going to reach a successful conclusion. Unfortunately, that's just not within our ability to predict that. So unfortunately, I can't point you to any specific milestones because there really aren't any along the way that would be externally visible.
Reshma Kewalramani: Phil, it's Reshma. With regard to VX-121, this is our next-generation corrector, and we have initiated these trials, and this is now in its Phase II proof-of-concept stage. It's a little too early to tell you when we're going to have the results, but I think from the speed that you can see us moving, I expect that we're going to continue to move with that kind of pace as VX-121 makes it through Phase II. With regard to VX-561, that's the deuterated ivacaftor molecule, and you'll remember the FDA asked us to take that through full-dose ranging in monotherapy, and that's the study that we're initiating now. You are right that VX-561 is in combination with VX-121 in the proof-of-concept study. But I will say that because we're doing the monotherapy full-dose ranging, actually, we compare VX-561 with any next-generation corrector pair that we think is most appropriate. 121 is certainly one of those opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Yee of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Thanks. Question on the CF triple program. I know that you -- or it appears that you're filing in the het/min and homozygous population together, if I heard that correct. Can you just maybe walk through what you're comparing and what you're looking at to figure out at what point you're going to pick one of those for both het/min and homozygous? And then my second question was on the AAT program. You've made some comments about that. Could you just confirm what you might see in Phase I, if anything, from a PK/PD standpoint that could be helpful. Or you really need to see Phase II data? I think you need to get to like 11 micromolar of AAT. Maybe just talk about Phase I and Phase II a bit. Thanks so much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. This is Reshma. Let me take the first question first and then we'll get to AAT. So as we've discussed on our calls in the past, we are marching down the strategy that we laid out with regard to asset selection. And really, if I break that down, what that means is that we are going to be looking at 24-week data for both FS and FMS for both assets, VX-659 and VX-445. The 445 study went even faster than the 659 study, and that's really what set us up to have this opportunity to look at both sets of 24-week data. And you've actually gleaned exactly the right point. Because we can look at both 24-week data sets, we're going to be filing for both, FS and FMS, regardless of which asset we choose. With regard to how we're going to make the asset decision, you know who would have ever guessed that the efficacy would be at this level and literally superimposable. And that means we're going to be looking at the full totality of evidence. And of course, it means ppFEV1, but it also means things like pulmonary exacerbation, all the other secondary endpoints and, importantly, the full package of safety information. We're on track to make this decision in Q2 of this year and, importantly, file in Q3 of this year, regardless of whether the asset selection is 445 or 659. An important thing to share with you is with regard to VX-445. That study has achieved its last patient last visit as of very recently, and so we're really in very good shape and a lot of progress since the last call. With regard to the AAT program, I'm going to step back a little bit just to make sure everyone has all the information. So that molecule is VX-814, and we just announced today, and I'm delighted to reiterate that, that molecule has received fast track status from the FDA. That's important because I think it gives you an indication of the high unmet need as well as the recognition that therapies are needed to improve the condition of these patients who have a very serious illness. That study started the SAD, single ascending dose, multiple ascending dose in December of last year. We're going to have the PK results from that study. And then well, I don't know the exact size. It's going to be efficient, as Jeff described in his prepared remarks. This is very much like CF, and we anticipate that 30, 40, 50 patients, something like that, is what we're going to need to examine, and the readout is very straightforward. It's AAT levels, and we know how to do that. So I anticipate that, that's kind of what you're going to expect to see as this program comes to fruition.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alethia Young of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Alethia Young: I was just curious a little bit more about the alpha-1 antitrypsin program, your second molecule. Are you guys thinking that over time it will kind of be a combination game? Or are you just kind of developing this molecule as a backup molecule? And if I may, on pain, can you just discuss some of the rate-limiting steps around making a strategic decision there?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. With regard to alpha-1 antitrypsin, we have a approach here that is very, very similar to CF, and that is to say to have a portfolio of molecules, as we like to say internally once you crack the biology, it's all about pouring on the chemistry. And so portfolio of molecules, including the one that's in the preclinical development, is there to allow us to choose the very best molecules to bring forward. Unlike CF, just to comment very specifically on your question about is it going to be a combination of monotherapy approach, that's why it's not like CF. A single molecule, we believe, will be sufficient to treat the underlying cause of disease here. So that's AAT. With regard to pain, what we're really looking at here is positive studies with VX-150 in a model of acute pain, that was bunionectomy; musculoskeletal pain, that was the osteoarthritis study; and small fiber neuropathy, that's the model of neuropathic pain. And then we went on to do a dose-ranging study in bunionectomy because that was a good model for us to use. We're going to look at all of that data and look at our portfolio of molecules, again, same strategy, once we crack the biology, and I really do believe we've cracked the biology of 1.8, which is no easy task. You know many, many people have worked on this over a long period of time, including ourselves. We're going to have that all together, and in the second half of this year, I anticipate we'll have all the information we need to decide on which molecule or molecules and exactly what the next step is.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ying Huang of BoA Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ying Huang: First one is on U.K. reimbursement. I believe Jeff mentioned previously that even with the clinical benefit of the triple combination you observed, still the nice methodology may not come out with the pricing that's close to what you think is the value of this medication. So do you think, based on your interaction with NICE recently, is there any change in the NICE thought process of how to evaluate this? And then secondly, I think you previously also disclosed that the average blended revenue per patient was about $150,000 in 2018. Can you comment on the trend for that number going forward?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. This is Jeff, Ying. Thanks for the 2 questions and, obviously, they're related. So just to be clear on the triple, the NICE methodology has, as you know, a number of different components to it, major one is the value of medicine to patients as described by the clinical results and, clearly, there the triple is significantly better than the other 2 existing medicines that they've already evaluated. They haven't yet evaluated the triple in their system, so it's a little early to tell, but we certainly know from the clinical data that there is a major benefit. With respect to the more general question of the NICE methodology and how well it applies to these kinds of precision medicines, I think you know that there's been quite a bit of discussion in the U.K. and in Parliament about the fact that it's probably time to take another look at that NICE methodology, not for community medicines and not for the ultra-orphans, where it seems to work well, but for exactly this kind of precision medicine for the patient populations that fall in between. And we do anticipate and hope over the next couple of years that, that methodology may be revised as per the current discussions to better evaluate the value of these medicines. Obviously, that's going to help, too. With respect to the average blended price, I think you can -- we, obviously, don't give long-term guidance on price. Certainly, it's too early for triple price. We don't give long-term guidance on revenue either, but I think one way to think about this is we're currently treating about 18,000 patients, generating about $3 billion in revenue. As we go to a triple world, where the benefit to patients is greater, we certainly don't anticipate major decrease as in the price of our triple versus our other medicines, given its value. And so you can begin to sort of do some rough math around as we move from 18,000 to potentially 65,000 or 68,000 eligible patients what that might look like across the world.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges of SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey Porges: Jeff, just a follow-up on a prior question. Wondering if you could just confirm the year-over-year and sequential treated patient number trend so that we can see what the underlying dynamics are across all the different products? And could you give us a sense of what the sequential trend in the gross to net in the U.S. was? And then lastly, just wondering if you could give us an update on alpha-1? Is it your belief that a serum alpha-1 antitrypsin level will be sufficient for approval? Or is that just for the next study that you plan? Is there any obligation to show a pulmonary outcome benefit the way you do in CF?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. Thanks for the questions, Geoff. Maybe we'll do them in a reverse order. Reshma will do the AAT question with respect to endpoints. Paul will do a bit on gross to net and how we're seeing that going forward for the year. And I'll give you some color on how we think patient penetration will go over the next several years.
Reshma Kewalramani: So Geoff, this is Reshma. With regard to exactly what the regulatory enabling endpoint will be for our program, it's a bit too early to call that because we haven't engaged in all of those regulatory discussions. But what I can tell you is a little bit about the context of the currently available medicines, and then you could start to think about how this might all work. So there are about 4 companies out there that make augmentation therapies. This is a therapy that you go into center once a week and you get an infusion of the protein. And this, as you know, has its own limitations in that it only really has the opportunities to treat the lung disease part of it. It really doesn't do anything for the liver disease, which is different than our approach, which is going to be able to target both liver and lung. So with that approach, all the companies have been able to secure U.S. FDA approval based on AAT level. So that's a data point, and we have to go through our process to determine exactly how it's going to work for us. Stuart -- sorry, that's Paul. Over to you.
Paul Silva: Yes. Geoff, thanks for the question. So when we exited 2018, the gross to net in the U.S. was approximately 10%. And I think we said in Q1 call and [it's been] now that we expect 2019 to be between 10% and 12%. And that's driven by 2 things: one is increased purchases by 340B entities, which have a statutory rate discounts similar to Medicaid; and then the second one would be the anticipated spend on our cost sharing program. So those 2 things are kind of bringing that number up a little bit over the course of 2019.
Jeffrey Leiden: And then Geoff, maybe for your final question, which is really how do we see the penetration going with our medicines as we go forward, I think there's going to be 2 phases. You can think about 2019 as being a continuation of some of the things that you've heard about plus the new label expansion. So SYMKEVI, I think, as Stuart mentioned, is off to a very nice start in Germany, and we expect to see continued growth there. There's still a bit of growth with SYMDEKO here in the U.S., although we've probably seen most of that. And then these new label indications for younger ages for KALYDECO, for SYMDEKO in the U.S. for the younger age, et cetera, will provide more growth this year. And all of that is accounted for in our guidance for the year. What is not accounted for in our guidance for the year is, if we were able to obtain reimbursement in one of the major countries, for instance, in England or France, the 2 big companies, obviously, that would have a positive effect on this year's growth rate. Obviously, any early approvals for some of these label indications also might have a positive effect. And then we're really into the world of triple. As we get approval in triple, which as we've said we believe can ultimately treat 90% of all patients, we do see significant penetration into that, that group going from 30,000 eligible patients to 65,000 or 68,000 and penetration of that age group that looks a lot like KALYDECO because of the efficacy of the drug. So I think that's the way to think about the growth ramp going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Congrats on all the progress. Two questions for me. On the AAT program, what gives you the most confidence that the AAT produced will be functional and that the liver outflow will reverse damage from the prior accumulation of toxic polymers to the same degree in humans who may have the disease long term as you saw in the transgenic mouse model? And then just a second question, commercially, I was wondering if you could help quantify the quarter-over-quarter impact of inventory draw-downs across the CF portfolio?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. Maybe I'll take the AAT question and Stuart will like the inventory question, I think. So on AAT, those -- you're asking the most important questions. And one of the things we really like about the program is that we're able to test our correctors in both cells and in a transgenic animal that are actually expressing the mutant human protein, not a mutant mouse protein. So they're engineered with the human protein. And we can measure not only the levels, but we can actually measure functional levels. So we're not simply measuring by immunoassay the levels of this protein, we're actually measuring the functional levels. And that's how we had great confidence that we're actually producing functional protein and, in fact, we're clearing both the cells, and as you've seen -- if you saw my JPMorgan presentation, we're clearing the liver in these animals of the misfolded human mutant protein. And that gives us a high level of confidence that we are actually able to produce -- not only to correct the folding, but produce functional protein once we do it, and that's a very, very important piece of the data package, which has encouraged us to move rapidly with humans. Now humans, as Reshma said, we're going to be able to measure the same thing. We'll not only measure the serum levels of protein, which we can obviously do, but we'll actually measure the functional levels of protein in the serum. And we know from essentially an experimentative nature from the heterozygous parents of these patients, who are normal, by the way, and they express anywhere from 11 micromolar on probably 17 micromolar is really -- a functional protein is really fully protective. And so we can simply measure the levels of functional protein in these treated patients and, again, with rather small trials, like the CF trials, know exactly where we are. But the cell data and the mouse data used in the human protein gives us the high level of confidence. Did that answer your question?
Brian Abrahams: That's really helpful.
Jeffrey Leiden: And in the liver, as I said, we're looking directly at the livers of the mice, and we're seeing clearing. And at some point in this clinical program, we will also look at the livers of patients to confirm if that's true. Stuart...
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. And Brian, on inventory. So at the end of 2018, we had about $10 million worth of inventory build here in the U.S. This is typical towards the end of the calendar year. That excess inventory was more than burnt off during the course of the first quarter.
Operator: And the next question comes from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: A couple of quick CF ones for you. First of all, with SYMDEKO, at this stage of launch, roughly what percent of patients are still switching to SYMDEKO from other regimens versus those that are new to therapy altogether? And secondly, thinking about VX-561, how important do you believe a once-a-day regimen is for CF patients? Do you hear much pushback on the twice-a-day administration you have out there now?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Corey, I'll take those. So in terms of the switching and where are we versus uptake in nave, we really only got data around that for a substantial period of time here in the U.S., obviously, because we launched SYMDEKO here in February of 2018. What I'll tell you is we've actually seen really high levels of uptake in whole of the populations you might expect, those patients who are nave to ORKAMBI, those who've never been exposed to a CFTR modulator before, those who were on ORKAMBI and those who had tried ORKAMBI and discontinued. So all of those groups we saw very substantial uptake. We're on the flatter path of the launch curve, I would say, here in the U.S., but we're certainly not flat. There are still patients being added in all of those categories just about every day. And the other one, I think, I would say that we are able to be much more confident about now in the real world is we had always thought that given the profile of SYMDEKO that we would expect to see high levels of persistence and compliance, higher than we had seen with ORKAMBI. And I'm pleased to say that's exactly what's playing out in the real world. In terms of deuterated ivacaftor 561, certainly, given the uptake rates we see with our medicines, clearly, a twice-a-day regimen for medicines, which are as important as this, treating the underlying course of the disease is not something which is inhibiting people from taking our medicines. And then indeed, as you know, these patients are taking many, many different types and forms of medicines every day. And so twice-a-day medicine is not difficult for them. However, our goal is to get to carrier levels of status and provide as much convenience as we possibly can for the patients. And so we do see once-a-day being something that would be an advantage for our medicines, and that's why we want to bring 561 to patients as soon as we possibly can.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Just continuing the trend on alpha-1 antitrypsin. I was wondering if there are any biomarkers you can look at in early studies that can detect whether or not your compound is having the benefit in the liver that you hope anything related to inflammation or liver enzyme elevations? And then secondarily, I was wondering if you can just clarify when or the current thinking on specific study design for NaV1.8 in Phase III and whether or not the next compound might go after any other pain indications outside of the ones you pursued thus far.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me take the NaV1.8 first and then I'll go backwards to AAT. So with regard to Phase III design, I think the 3 models that we've talked about are a good way to think about it, the musculoskeletal pain and osteoarthritis, but there are, obviously, a number of other pain conditions in musculoskeletal that we could pursue. And in the small fiber neuropathy, which is what we did in the VX-150 example, there is, of course, trigeminal neuralgia and other pain conditions that one would pursue to get the full breadth of neuropathic pain. And bunionectomy as a model of acute pain, I think the kind of studies you could imagine are bunionectomy, which would be the hard tissue, something like an abdominoplasty or a hernia repair as some of the soft tissue example. And the guidance is actually fairly straightforward with regard to what kind of studies you need to do and the approximate sample size for any one of these conditions. So I think what you'll see us do is bring the best molecule forward and then use the fairly typical Phase III development path to get these approved. With regard to AAT, I think the question was around how we're going to figure out whether or not there is liver impact. So this is kind of interesting. There is a paper from the Brantly Lab down in Florida, and it was out maybe 2 years ago, November or something like that, and what you can tell is that perhaps AAT is best known clinically as a disease that looks like COPD, just COPD in younger people. There's actually a substantial burden of liver disease, and that liver disease is manifest when you do something like a liver biopsy, which is what that Brantly series did. It actually looked at about 100-or-so patients over time. Now with regard to inflammatory markers, the markers of liver disease, AST, ALT, that actually doesn't give you a very good idea. GGT is said to be very best, but it's not very sensitive nor is it particularly specific. But I think what something that Jeff said is really the important point. In our animal models, what we're doing is actually looking at liver tissue. So there's no guesswork here, and it's not a question of whether we see enzymes moving. We're actually looking at the liver cells with the misfolded protein and then the clearance of that with VX-814. And I anticipate that as we go to clinical studies, biopsies are going to be an important part of that. I hope that answers the question.
Paul Matteis: Yes, it does.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ravi Mehrotra of Evercore ISI.
Ravi Mehrotra: Thank you for taking my question, which is around possible pharmacoeconomic arguments for broader utilization of your CF franchise. You've got over a decade now of real-world clinical experience with your agents. So in the setting that P is an art form rather than science per se, can you give us some color on some of the P data points you can or have taken to resistant payers.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Ravi, this is Stuart. Thanks verry much for the question. Yes, as you say, pulmonary exacerbation themselves are very, very important endpoints certainly for patients and physicians, but also they are of interest too to payers as well. The kinds of things that we've looked at on pulmonary exacerbations, both actually in our clinical trials, but also in our longer-term follow-up studies include dissecting the pulmonary exacerbations into those that lead to things like IV antibiotics, those that lead to hospitalizations, what the length of those hospitalization stays are and things like that because, obviously, those are of interest to payers. As you say, we have the benefit of being on the market for a while now. And with KALYDECO, we have the longest experience, but we've got increasingly large volumes of data on ORKAMBI as well. And so we're able to take not only data on pulmonary exacerbations, but increasingly being able to take data on perhaps even the most important outcomes, which are things like survival rates, things like avoidance of lung transplants and things like that. And so that data base continues to increase. We certainly utilize that with payers around the world are building that into our pharmacoeconomic arguments. Obviously, it requires a bit of a leap of faith for some of our newer medicines because it's asking them to extrapolate from KALYDECO and ORKAMBI to right now SYMKEVI and eventually to the triple combinations, but I don't think it's too much of a leap of faith for them to translate the benefits of 1 CFTR modulator to other CFTR modulator.
Jeffrey Leiden: And, Ravi, this is Jeff. Just to give you some of the data around that if you're not familiar with it. The results that we're seeing with KALYDECO and some of these long-term registry studies are things like 50%-plus decreases in mortality, 50% decrease in the slope of decline of lung function, 70% decrease in transplantation. So these are not subtle kinds of results, these are true disease-modifying kinds of results. And when those are plugged into these pharmacoeconomic models, they have real impact.
Operator: And our next question comes from Hartaj Singh of Oppenheimer & Company.
Hartaj Sing: I just had a question on the SYMDEKO launch, it's been going very well. And I think you've got a [indiscernible] with ORKAMBI with payer uptake both in the United States and ex U.S. And my sense is that the pace of uptake for SYMDEKO, which had better data than ORKAMBI, has been broader and quicker in the United States than in Europe and the rest of the world. Maybe you can just talk to that a little bit. Or maybe I'm mistaken. I would really appreciate it.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So I would say, in the U.S., we have always managed to get very broad access to our CFTR moderators, starting with KALYDECO and through ORKAMBI and now to SYMDEKO and even for each of the individual label expansions that we've had over time. So I don't think there's really a very substantial time difference. Certainly, I think payers are getting more accustomed to these agents and to the disease, and I think that's helping. So I think we are seeing some acceleration here in the U.S., but it's not huge. What I think you're seeing play out outside the U.S. actually is the -- is a couple of things. Firstly, you're seeing the benefit of our portfolio agreements, and this was exactly what they were designed to do. They were designed to reduce the time lag between regulatory approval and reimbursement approval so the patients and physicians could access to our newest and best medicines as soon as they possibly can. And so that I think is what's leading to the acceleration in patients being able to access SYMDEKO or SYMKEVI outside the U.S. versus what we saw with ORKAMBI. And then separately, in Germany, what you're seeing is actually the launch of SYMKEVI is going substantially better than the launch of ORKAMBI. I think the team has done a terrific job there. Certainly, the benefit-risk profile of the agent helps, but certainly, the team has done an excellent job executing there in Germany, and the SYMKEVI launch is tracking substantially above the ORKAMBI launch at the same time point. We're seeing initiations in nave patients. We're seeing initiations in patients who had discontinuations. And we're also seeing some switching as well. And so I think that's really an example of the team executing really well.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we'll take 2 more questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Skorney of Baird.
Brian Skorney: Jeff, I know we've kind of talked around this a little before, but I just wanted to kind of push you again on the consideration of 659 and 445 and which one you'll ultimately move forward with. I mean in chronic therapy, whether it's NRTIs in HIV or TNF-alphas, we really don't get kind of the full picture of efficacy and safety until you have tens of thousands of patient years behind you. So I guess my question is why not just submit both for approval and start to build that database and let patients and physicians ultimately decide which is the better triple combination when we have -- there's enough information out there to decide if there are subtle differences?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. It's a good question, Brian. We have talked about it a little bit before. And what we're balancing is our level of confidence in the information versus the potential confusion of patients and physicians when we're trying to launch 2 drugs simultaneously into the same population. And I think the good news here, and this is what Reshma has said before, is just how good the efficacy data that we're seeing is. And so, so far what we're seeing is it's a hard choice because they're so similar. And if that turns out to be true when we look at the 24-week data, and we're seeing this kind of superior efficacy not only across primary endpoint, but across all the secondary endpoints, I think we're going to have a very high level of confidence that whichever asset we choose as the best one is going to be very, very good for these patients. And then on the other side of the equation, as you know, as I know from being around for a while, trying to launch 2 drugs simultaneously into 1 patient population and explain that to doctors and patients can be very, very confusing. And once you do that, the ability to ultimately make your decision and withdraw 1 drug is virtually impossible. And so you're committed to, long term, having 2 drugs on the market that look identical and in different patient populations. And I think that's probably not the best thing to do for patients. So at the end of the day, the decision is it's best for patients to make the decision on the best asset and bring it to them. And we feel like we have enough data now in hundreds of patients so that we're going to be confident of what we're going to see.
Operator: And our last question comes from Alan Carr of Needham and Company.
Alan Carr: I was wondering if you can elaborate a bit more about what's different with VX-121, what you're hoping to see there. And then with the pain program, maybe a little more detail around this too in terms of what you're looking for, for these next-generation compounds that you have in relation to VX-150. Why are you waiting to move forward with that? And what's involved in decision process here?
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. This is Reshma. I'm going to tackle the first question, and I'm going to toss it over to Jeff to talk about pain. So as you know, our long-stated goal, and it remains today, is to bring therapies for all patients with CF. And in there, what we're trying to do is bring patients to carrier level. That's really, really important. And that also ties back to a point that Stuart made, we want to bring the most convenient regimen that brings all patients to carrier level. And so what we're doing is in our labs in San Diego is we have assays and many of you have seen them are our HBE cells that we now have a plethora of data of how these assays translate to the Phase II and Phase III results. And so we pick the best of the best molecules that come out of our labs. And when they meet these thresholds -- and I admit it, we have set an extremely high bar. When there are molecules like VX-121 that meet this high bar, we advance them to the clinic to meet this ultimate goal. Jeff?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. With respect to the pain question, it's a bit similar to what Reshma was talking about before in terms of portfolio modules. First thing I would say is we have, I think, convinced ourselves and others that we have very high efficacy molecules here with 150 and the approach we've taken. I think we've convinced ourselves with a reasonable number of patients that VX-150 is highly tolerable, and we're also very convinced that there's not addictive potential of these drugs. Those were the high things -- high bar we were trying to match for a new pain compound. Now we're in the process of picking the best drug, and that involves a lot of other things. So for example, is it formulatable both IV and p.o., whether any manufacturing issues, cost of goods issues, dosing, dose scheduling. So in pain, what we'd like to have is the best molecule that combines efficacy, tolerability, lack of addictive potential, but also the right dose, the right dosing regimen, the IV to p.o. transition in the hospital. It's a pretty high bar, but because we have a whole portfolio of molecules, we believe we will find that molecule, and that's the one that we really want to take through Phase III and to commercialize.
Alan Carr: You're not running any efficacy studies with the earlier stage NaV1.8 compounds. It's just Phase I or...
Jeffrey Leiden: Well, they're earlier, right? So they will enter -- we hope to enter the clinic this year with them. We again have learned a lot from our VX-150 experience and so we hope that as we get through to Phase I, we'll be able to pretty quickly go through Phase II programs and compare them to VX-150 and make decisions about which is the best molecule to take forward. And that doesn't mean, by the way, that it's not VX-150, but I just want to make it clear that we're taking a portfolio approach.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Michael Partridge for any closing remarks.
Michael Partridge: Thank you all for joining the call tonight. The Investor Relations team is here in the office if you have additional questions. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day. +

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Michael Partridge: Welcome to the Vertex Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Tonight, we will review our continued efforts to develop new medicines for all people with cystic fibrosis, recent advances in our research and development pipeline, and our 2018 financial results and 2019 guidance. Making prepared remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer and I would like to welcome to the call Paul Silva, Vertexs Interim Chief Financial Officer. Paul has been Vertexs Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since 2008. And he and his team have worked closely with the Investor Relations Group since that time. Following prepared remarks from Jeff, Stewart and Paul, Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer will join us for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. The conference call is being recorded and a replay will be on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in todays press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertexs marketed CF medicines, the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our triple combination regimens for cystic fibrosis, Vertexs other programs and Vertexs future financial performance are based on managements current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Over the past several years, I have shared with you Vertexs strategy to create multiple transformative medicines for different serious diseases by continuing to leverage our long track record of serial innovation. I am pleased to review with you this evening the significant progress we made in 2018 on executing the strategy and to discuss the important growth drivers that we expect in 2019, which will include many important clinical, reimbursement and commercial milestones and CF as well as clinical data from across our research and development pipeline. In CF, we expect to obtain the Phase 3 data for the VX-445 triple combination this quarter and remain on track to submit a new drug application for a triple combination regimen no later than midyear. We also expect to see more patients initiating treatment with our medicines throughout 2019. As a result of global label expansions and from key reimbursement agreements reaching 2018, which will drive further revenue growth this year. In our non-CF pipeline, data expected in the first half of 2019 from our Phase 2b dose ranging study of VX-150 will inform our plans for potential Phase 3 development in pain. In our AAT program, we are advancing a portfolio of small molecule correctors, including our first molecule and entered Phase 1 development in late 2018 and a second that is expected to enter clinical development this year. And in sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, we have now initiated enrollment of both of our Phase 1/2 studies of the gene editing treatment of CTX001. I will briefly review each of these pipeline programs with you this evening. First to cystic fibrosis, today approximately half of all people with CF are eligible for a Vertex CF medicine. And we stand on the verge of yet another dramatic advance in the treatment of this disease with our triple combination regimens that hold the potential to treat up to 90% of all people with the disease. Our progress in CF in 2018 was marked by two important achievements. First, we saw a significant increase in the number of patients being treated with our approved medicines. This was the result of the successful SYMDEKO launch in the U.S., multiple label expansions for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, and the completion of key reimbursement agreements around the world, which Stewart will review in a moment. And second, we made excellent progress in advancing our two triple combination regimens through Phase 3 development. It was on this call 1 year ago that we announced our plans to initiate Phase 3 development for two different triple combination regimens that include a next-generation corrector either VX-659 or VX-445. In just 1 year, we completed enrollment of approximately 1,000 patients across the 4 Phase 3 studies and obtained the first Phase 3 data for the VX-659 studies. These data showed clear and compelling evidence of the dramatic benefit that this regimen may offer patients with one F508del mutation and one minimal function mutation as well as the significantly enhanced benefit that a triple combination regimen may provide for those with two F508del mutations who are already being treated with SYMDEKO or ORKAMBI. We will obtain data for the VX-445 triple combination regimen in the first quarter of this year, which will enable us to choose the best regimen to submit for regulatory approval. We remain on track to submit a new drug application for a triple combination regimen no later than mid 2019. We have set a high bar with the triple combination data, but we are also committed to creating even better CF medicines for the future, including once daily triple combination regimens and regimens that contain other next generation correctors that may have enhanced profiles. We have multiple molecules in preclinical and clinical development that may provide future improvements for the treatment of CF. Now to our recent progress outside of CF where we are rapidly advancing a portfolio of potential new medicines through late preclinical and early clinical development across a range of serious diseases with large unmet medical need. I will start with our AAT program where we recently initiated clinical development of our first small molecule corrector. The similarities between our AAT and CF programs are striking and we believe that we will be able to apply many of the lessons learned in our CF discovery and development efforts to accelerate and de-risk our activities targeting AAT. We believe that measurements of the circulating functional AAT protein and people with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency will provide us with an early and important marker for the potential of our medicines to treat the cause of this disease just as the biomarker of sweat chloride did for us in CF. Turning to our research and development program in pain, we recently announced positive Phase 2 results for VX-150 showing a significant reduction of pain in people with small fiber neuropathy. These data marks the third positive proof-of-concept study for VX-150 in three different pain conditions and further validate the potential role of NaV1.8 inhibition in the treatment of pain. A Phase 2b dose-ranging study of VX-150 in acute pain following bunionectomy surgery is now fully enrolled and we expect data from this study in the first half of this year. Positive data from this study could support pivotal development of VX-150 in pain. We have a portfolio of multiple additional NaV1.8 inhibitors in late preclinical development and expect to advance the first of these molecules into clinical development in 2019. We are also continuing to invest in the discovery of additional potential pain molecules targeting other new mechanisms given the significant need for new pain medicines. Moving on to the sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia programs where with our partner CRISPR Therapeutics, we have now initiated clinical studies of CTX001 for both of these important diseases. These studies represent the first clinical trials to evaluate a gene-editing treatment using the CRISPR/Cas9 technology in these two serious diseases. As we advanced these R&D efforts we are constantly evaluating new external opportunities that could provide access to new technologies, platforms or development assets. We have entered into multiple agreements in recent years that are aligned with our strategy, including our collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics as well as recently announced collaborations with Arbor Biotechnologies, Merck KGaA, Genomics Plc and X-Chem. We entered 2019 with increased flexibility to do more deals that would further broaden our pipeline and enable us to continue to explore serious diseases with multiple modalities and technologies. As we look toward future years, Vertex has the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through the mid 2020s based solely on treating more patients with our approved and future CF medicines. Importantly, we also have a rapidly advancing portfolio of potentially transformative medicines for other serious diseases and ability to enhance our internal R&D efforts with external innovation to drive long-term future growth. If Vertex, we believe that real value for patients and shareholders is created through scientific innovation. And I am pleased that Vertex continues to be at the forefront of transforming the treatment of CF and other serious diseases. I will now turn the call over to Stuart to review our commercial progress.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff. I am pleased to review with you this evening, our strong commercial performance for 2018 driven by the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S., and also our revenue guidance for 2019, which shows continued revenue growth as we treat more patients with our approved medicines globally. Approximately, 18,000 patients are currently being treated with our CF medicines and this resulted in CF product revenues of $868 million in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter included $294 million in revenues from SYMDEKO in the U.S., which was the primary driver of the significant growth in CF revenues in the quarter and throughout 2018. Our full year 2018 CF revenues were $3.04 billion, a 40% increase compared to the $2.17 billion for 2017, which is a direct result of treating many more patients globally. In the U.S., we saw a large number of patients initiate and remain on treatment with SYMDEKO in 2018. Demand for SYMDEKO has come from all eligible groups of patients including those who previously discontinued or never initiated ORKAMBI and those who switched from ORKAMBI or KALYDECO to SYMDEKO. Given the profile of SYMDEKO, we had expected that persistence and compliance rates might be greater than those seen previously with ORKAMBI. And we are pleased to see this play out in the real world. While we are now well into the launch of SYMDEKO, we do anticipate additional patients will initiate treatment throughout 2019, including patients ages 12 years and older as well as younger patients following potential approval in children ages 6 to 11, which we anticipate during 2019 and is reflected in the guidance I will discuss in a moment. KALYDECO revenues for 2018 were $1.01 billion, an increase of 19% compared to 2017. The increasing KALYDECO revenues, is a direct result of treating more patients in U.S. based on label expansions received in 2017. Outside the U.S., we reached important reimbursement agreements for our CF medicines in Australia, Sweden and Denmark in 2018 adding to the multiple agreements previously reached in Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Ireland and other countries. These new reimbursement agreements allowed patients to have access to medicines that treat the underlying cause of their disease for the first time and provided a contribution to revenue growth for 2018. These agreements will also contribute to revenue growth in 2019 and beyond. Given the recent EU approval of SYMKEVI known as SYMDEKO in the U.S. and our rapid progress in developing triple combination regimens, our ongoing reimbursement efforts remained focused on obtaining the long-term portfolio agreements that not only provide immediate access to our approved medicines, but also a pathway to access in rapid reimbursement for future CF medicines. We have reached these types of agreements in multiple countries and view these agreements as win-wins for patients and governments as they provide certainty to patients that they will have immediate access to current and future innovations in CF from Vertex and budget certainty to governments for the foreseeable future. Our progress in 2018 in launching SYMDEKO expanding the labels for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and achieving important reimbursement agreements for our medicines outside the U.S. has positioned us for continued revenue growth in 2019. Our 2019 guidance for CF product revenues is $3.45 billion to $3.55 billion, which at the midpoint reflects approximately 15% growth over 2018. As the timing of when we achieve future reimbursement agreements is not entirely in our gift, our 2019 revenue guidance only reflects anticipated revenues from regions where our medicines are currently reimbursed. Achieving additional reimbursement agreements in 2019 could provide upside to our revenues and thus we would update our guidance as appropriate at that time. I would note that we expect to see a negative impact in the first quarter of this year from channel inventory build of approximately $10 million that occurred at the end of 2018 and from higher gross to net adjustments, which we typically experienced in the first quarter. We expect that these dynamics may more than offset revenue growth from new patients and that first quarter CF product revenues could be sequentially lower than the fourth quarter of 2018 despite our expectation for continued revenue growth for the full year as noted in our guidance. I am pleased with the continued progress we have made in bringing our CF medicines to many more patients globally, which has resulted in strong revenue growth to support our investment in the creation of new medicines for CF and other diseases. I look forward to talking further with you throughout the coming year. And we will now turn the call over to Paul to further review our financial results and guidance.
Paul Silva: Thanks, Stuart and good evening everyone. Vertexs financial performance in 2018 was marked by 40% growth in CF revenues coupled with disciplined investment into our business, which drove significant increases in our operating margins, operating income and cash flow. In addition to Stuarts comments on 2018 revenues and 2019 revenue guidance, I will provide additional remarks this evening regarding our 2018 financial results. I will also discuss our 2019 financial guidance for R&D and SG&A expenses and for our effective tax rate. All of the results and guidance that I will discuss are non-GAAP. As Stuart noted, we saw a significant increase in CF product revenues driven primarily by the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S. KALYDECO label expansions also contributed to the revenue growth in 2018, where KALYDECO revenues reached $1 billion for the first time since its approval in 2012. This underscores both the important role that KALYDECO plays in the lives of thousands of patients around the globe and the continued strong demand for the medicine as we expand its label to new and younger patients. Our fourth quarter 2018 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $400 million compared to $355 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our full year 2018 R&D and SG&A expenses were $1.53 billion compared to $1.33 billion for 2017. The increase in these expenses was primarily due to the advancement of our portfolio of triple combination regimens and investment to support the use of our medicines globally. The significant growth in CF revenues in 2018 resulted in fully year operating margins of 37% compared to 26% for 2017 as well as operating income of $1.11 billion, a 97% increase compared to 2017. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $337 million compared to $158 million in 2017. Our full year 2018 net income was $1.06 billion compared to $495 million in 2017. The significant increase in our quarterly and full year net income was a result of the strong growth in CF product revenues. We also ended the year with approximately $3.17 billion in cash and marketable securities compared to $2.09 billion at the end of 2017. We expect to continue to generate significant cash in 2019 and beyond, Now, to our 2019 guidance, today, we are providing financial guidance for CF product revenues as Stuart discussed as well as for combined R&D and SG&A expenses and our anticipated effective tax rate. We expect combined R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.65 billion to $1.7 billion. The increase compared to 2017 primarily reflects CF development efforts, incremental investments to support the potential launch of a triple combination regimen and investment to support the expansion of our pipeline into additional diseases. Now to tax guidance, on a GAAP basis, we recorded a $1.5 billion non-cash benefit in the fourth quarter of 2018 based on the reversal of the valuation allowance related to our net operating losses. Following the release of this valuation allowance, we will also begin recording a tax provision in 2019 and expect our full year GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates to be 21% to 22%. The tax rate will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter this year with the highest rate occurring in the fourth quarter. The vast majority of our tax provision will be non-cash expense until we fully use our net operating losses. As Jeff noted, Vertex has a unique long-term growth outlook that is based on continued revenue growth in CF resulting in expanding operating margins and increases in earnings and cash flow. I look forward to updating you on our progress. With that, I will turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Paul. In closing, 2018 was a highly successful year of commercial and clinical execution across our business. Our achievements over recent months have positioned us for continued growth in revenue and operating income in 2019 and beyond and for important near-term milestones across our R&D portfolio both in CF and in other diseases. Our strategy of creating transformative medicines through serial innovation is working exceptionally well as evidenced by the rapid progress seen across our business. And I look forward to updating you over the coming year. With that, I will open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Yee of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Hey, thanks for the question and congrats on a great quarter. Two topics I thought you could address. One is giving the Street some comfort about obviously whats been in the news recently that UK and more broadly speaking the confidence that, that region will work itself out and to be specific whether to say safe better pharmacoeconomic value drug will help solve that equation? And the second question is a pipeline question you talk very nicely about AAT you did say there is a second one coming in. Are those combinable, are they similar, just more potent, maybe talk to how having two connections better than one or maybe I am getting ahead of myself? Thanks so much.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hey, Mike. Its Stuart. I will take the first question on the UK. I mean, before I go on to the UK, I do want to reference we made great progress from a reimbursement point of view in 2018 and thats reflected in the results we were able to share with you today, important agreements in places like Australia and Sweden and Denmark. Last year and we have continued that momentum into 2019 where we have secured new agreements in places like Israel and Luxembourg and the pricing agreement for ORKAMBI for 6 to 11 year old kids in Germany. So, we continue to make great progress getting access for patients around the world. Where we have been successful in large part is due to those countries using what we would consider to be appropriate methodologies to assess the value of these unique and transformative medicines and because our goal is to get access for real eligible patients we are continuing to pursue that with every bit of energy we can in the UK. I think its important to split the UK up as you have probably known Mike from a healthcare perspective, the UK is managed and a developed country, so each country had its own process. So in Scotland, we have made great progress. We have reached an agreement with them about how they are going to assess our medicines and we have submitted on the verge of submitting ORKAMBI and SYMKEVI to the Scottish government and we are optimistic we will get access there hopefully in 2019. In England unfortunately, we are yet to reach an agreement with them on what we would consider to be an appropriate methodology, but we are certainly not going to give up on that. We are going to continue to fight to get access for patients in England as we have for patients around the rest of the world. The last thing I will say to you is that we know what the results will look like even if we put the triple combination regimen through the existing nice methodology, even if the results are as good as we saw with 659 in the Phase 3 study that we released in November. And even those results when put into the nice model dont come out with a valuation which we think in anyway gets close to valuing the transformative nature of these medicines. So even for the triple, we are going to continue to need to work with England to change the assessment methodology for all medicines.
Michael Yee: Okay.
Stuart Arbuckle: On the AAT question, I think I will hand over to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Hi, Mike, its Jeff. Thanks for the question on AAT. In many ways, I think you can think of this as a very important lesson that we learned from our CFTR next-gen program right and we sort of had the saying Vertex crack the biology then pour on the chemistry. We believe we have cracked the biology of AAT. We have multiple correctors that can reform the protein and causes to be secreted from liver cells in a functional form. And so we started following on the chemistry about a year and a half ago and to create multiple molecules. And the reasoning is just that our experience as with the CFTR next-gen Vertexs as they get better and better and we like to take more than one molecule into the clinic because its a portfolio risk mitigation strategy if you will. And obviously these molecules have are predominantly efficacious, they have that the right [indiscernible] and just the right drug protein and action that can be tolerable. And so, our strategy with AAT and frankly with most of the programs, CF is going forward is going to be the pour the chemistry on create multiple molecules. Bring those forward in the clinic and compare them in early small cells and weve get a pretty quick idea of which are the best molecules. And so, these 280 molecules we dont think of them, added and we really think of them as different molecules that were going to compare and by the way we shouldnt be surprised to see us putting a third one forward as well because as I said, we just continue to get sort of better and better properties.
Michael Yee: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges of Leerink. Your lines are open.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much for taking my question and congratulations also on the great results. First, of the 18,000 patients, could you give us a sense of how many come from the U.S. and ideally, how many come from Europe? And secondly could you give us the breakdown for KALYDECO, ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO by the main geographies. And then just a question for you Paul, are you comfortable that we should model that 21% to 22% tax rate in our models going forward beyond 2019. I think thats what you suggest. I want to be clear about that.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, its Stuart. I will take the first couple of questions there of the 18,000 patients who are actually being treated now its about two-thirds in the U.S. and about one-third ex-U.S. In terms of the breakout of the geographies in terms of the products for Q4 for our Q4 revenues the KALYDECO of the U.S. was a $160.0 million, ex-US was $95 million. For ORKAMBI, the U.S. was $225 million and ex-U.S. was $90 million. And SYMDEKO in U.S., it was $286 million and ex-U.S. was $8 million largely reflecting the launch that we just began to execute in Germany. So thats the breakout for the quarter, if you want to have that annual ones, Id be happy to catch up with you after the call.
Geoffrey Porges: Thanks very much.
Paul Silva: Hi, Jeff, its Paul. Thanks for the question. And Im going to give a little bit more detailed in your specific question, just to kind of let you know how were thinking about taxes. So, in 2019, we expect the effective tax rate to be 21% or 22% for the full year. And its primarily driven by a non-cash U.S. federal tax provision. And in future years, we expect that the rate could actually go lower due to geographic mix of income as our revenues continue to grow and our business advances globally. Im not going to actually be able to give you what that rate is until we kind of get visibility of reimbursement in Europe. And then the other point I just want to make for everyone is that the majority of the guidance on the effective tax rate is non-cash and we expect to pay only approximately $25 million of cash taxes in 2019 compared to the $16 million that were going to pay in 2018.
Geoffrey Porges: Great. Thanks very much, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple on revenue growth drivers, so in 2019 guidance, could you give us some sense of how much of the revenue growth is coming from existing geographies with existing labels and versus how much is coming from label expansions that you expect to get in 2019? And then second question on the portfolio agreements that you referenced. Can you remind us which country is currently have portfolio agreements and how you go about negotiating portfolio agreements in the additional territories? Do you have to wait for an approval or is it something you can do proactively before for example the triples are approved? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, so Ill take both of those. So in terms of the 2019 guidance that reflects really three things. One is, the sort of analyzing of the SYMDEKO launch in the U.S. into 19 also the annualized effect of the label expansions we saw that both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI in 2018 and a contribution from countries where we were able to achieve new reimbursement agreements in 2018. In 2019, we are not expecting a large contribution from new launches because we dont have as many of those in 2019, probably the most notable that we are assuming within our guidance is to be SYMDEKO in patients ages six to 11 and so that would be a new label expansion there. But the vast majority of it is coming from patients for whom we are label to get today. Just like to reiterate as well, it also assumes only revenues in geographies where we have reimbursement agreements today. If we were able to get significant new reimbursement agreements in 2019 and if they were material, then we would potentially have an upside to our revenue with update our guidance at that time. Until, the rich companies have portfolio agreements, if you see long portfolio agreement, youve seen one portfolio agreement Phil. So, it would be difficult to describe the more, but we have them for instance in places like Ireland, we have an agreement in Australia where we have a path to getting SYMDEKO reimbursed, when its approved by the TGA. Denmark, the Netherlands and so there is a number of different portfolio agreements that they are all slightly different. In terms of do we need to have regulatory approvals to get portfolio agreements again that varies country by country. But actually many countries are well aware of how quickly our portfolio is advancing and how impressive the results look for our triple combination regimens and so there is a significant interest from governments to be looking at these portfolio agreements even in advance of regulatory approval. Indeed, one of the countries, we are talking about early on, England has been one of those markets thats expressed an interest in those portfolio agreements. And remember that, the key to those is that win, win, win for us, but patients and for the government. The win for us is, that we would like to be able to have reimbursement agreements which kick in as soon as regulatory approval has been agreed. There are wins that physicians and patients who could get to choose the best Vertex medicine as sooner they approved and there is a win for governments because they give them a level of budgets during treating in CF patients.
Phil Nadeau: Thats helpful. Maybe just one follow-up on the portfolio agreements, you mentioned Ireland, Australia, Denmark and Netherlands. So, as we model 2019 SYMKEVI sales, would it be reasonable to expect revenue from those four territories as well as Germany?
Stuart Arbuckle: So, in countries in the EU where we have a regulatory approval for 12 plus where those portfolio agreements are in place, we will be able to get access relatively quickly. I would remind you that in large parts, SYMKEVI is indicated for the same population as ORKAMBI and in places like Ireland for instance. On the Netherlands, we have seen very impressive uptake of ORKAMBI and very high persistence rate. And so whilst patients and physicians will have a choice essentially they will be trading up, which they think is the best medicine.
Phil Nadeau: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alethia Young of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hi, Alethia, you are on mute?
Alethia Young: Can you hear me?
Stuart Arbuckle: We hear you now.
Alethia Young: Yes. Okay, cool. Maybe thats wrong with my headset. Sorry I apologize. I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about kind of your thoughts on M&A I mean you have a pipeline is coming together obviously internally, but I just wanted to talk a little bit about what you might think its supplemental and interesting around doing external M&A or anything like that? And then also is that kind of delayed until you kind of figure out the CFO position as well? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, Alethia, this is Jeff. I will take those. As you know, for the last couple of years, weve been talking about a consistent, what I call external innovation strategy, not just M&A with licensing collaboration etcetera. its really focused around three areas. The first is obviously yes, where anything that we feel would be complementary or additive to our current regimens would be of great interest to us. Honestly, were seeing less and less in that particular bucket simply because weve set such a high bar now with the triple combination data. The second area is what I call technology and tools had a very concerted effort to build a complete tool box of technologies that we think would allow us to address the kind of serious diseases and to some extent genetic diseases that were interested in and our pipeline. And youve seen us do a number of those deals, so CRISPR, Arbor, X-Chem, and Genomics Plc. Those are all deals and you should think of its acquiring different tools that will the let us optimally address the diseases that were interested in. You should expect to see us continue to do that in areas of interest, nucleic acid therapies, gene therapies etcetera. And then the third area would obviously be pipeline assets. And those pipeline assets would be consistent with our overall strategy of transformative medicines for serious diseases and specialty markets. And you should expect to see us do some of those as we find them in general, but the earlier stage development assets where we think we can add value through our clinical development regulatory and commercial groups. What you wont see us doing is deals for on-market or late-stage products that are essentially led by revenue growth over the next 5 years to 7 years simply because we dont need that revenue growth, CF is going to provide that. And so you can expect to see us continue to do deals around those three focus areas. I would say that we are obviously building substantial financial firepower to do more of those deals and weve ramped up our external innovation group to allow us to do that. And so I do think its fair for you to expect to see us complement our very rapidly advancing internal pipeline with some external innovation as well.
Alethia Young: Thanks a lot. Very thorough.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I know the plan is still obviously to select the NDA for the triple coming up in the first half. I just want to ask if your points of differentiation between the two or the metrics have changed at all. In other words, like is it still about FEV1 and maybe less about pulmonary exacerbations or the like? And then also when you look at the part of the package, is there anything that has yet to be done in terms of non-clinical or that could be perhaps or getting factor or something that could push you to the second half of the year versus the end of 2Q your guidance? And I have one follow-up.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Geoff. This is Jeff. Ill take the first part and Reshma maybe you can take the second part. With respect to how were going to compare the two assets, again, just I know you this, but just a quick review, we  not that the 445 drivers fully enrolled, we have a very good line of sight to the timing of when we expect to see the top-line data there, which is in the first quarter. And so were very confident that well have that kind of data that we can compare to the data that weve already reported for 659. As I said before, the way were going to look at these two assets is the complete profile, if you will of both programs and that goes all the way back to preclinical work. It includes things like PK, PD, tolerability, drug-drug interactions, as well as of course the efficacy measurements, that you talked about with FEV1, but also things like sweat chloride. So, this will be a very complete review of both assets. Were in a nice position of having a nice complete file on both assets once we get the 445 data and I think well be able to then pick the best asset to move forward. And again, were very much on track to do that in the first quarter. Were confident that we will be able to make that decision on schedule in the first quarter, which would allow that mid-year NDA filing. But Ill let Reshma address the second part of the question with respect to the package and whats there.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. So, regardless of whether the selection is for VX-659 or for VX-445, were going to have all of the data that we need in Q1, you know that we already shared the data for VX-659 late last year, the exact same package, the same amount of the data and the same kind of data were going to get very shortly for 445. And with regard to packaging, were making sure that we have the CTD complete in the NDA file, thats going to happen by mid of this year. That is something that we are very much on track for and I have high confidence thats going to happen.
Geoff Meacham: Okay. And then just a follow-up, I know this was asked about the reimbursement, oh you asked, I know in the past, you guys have had a pretty defined strategy of allowing kind of the patient community to sort of escalate and maybe to put some pressure on the payers and this obviously has been the case in the UK and in France. But I wanted to ask you for the triple, is there a different methodology or just something you can do differently maybe to help accelerate reimbursement looking OUS, maybe just do things a little bit differently that could help speed up a process?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Geoff, its Stuart here. I wouldnt say that its our strategy to get patients to put pressure on people as you know, our development plans in cystic fibrosis, therere no secret to anybody that the community is very well aware of the progress were making, very well aware of the clinical benefits, these products look like they are delivering and so I think quite rightly they are calling on their elected officials to get access to these medicines. I really refer back to what I said earlier, the key here from a kind of health technology assessment point of view is that the methodology needs to be appropriate for these types of medicines, which are going to be used very early in peoples lives, hoping to restore them to normal levels of chloride transport and deliver benefits over the very, very long-term. And frankly, the assessment methodologies are not really fit for purpose to assess those types of medicines. So, from a health technology assessment point of view, that is what we are continuing to work on and where weve done that which is in many, many countries around the world, weve been successful. And then the other thing that I think is an important component of this is, where weve been successful. I think a substantial portion of the time, its because senior government ministers have taken an interest in this issue being able to see our portfolio and how fast its developing and the kind of benefits it could bring to their populations. And so to me those are two of the most important success factors in the UK and everywhere else around the world.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Matteis of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. Two-part question on VX-150. I guess first of all, can you guys talk about the logic of doing more stringent work here. Given that you have a few positive Phase 2, a low AE rate, and theres a big unmet need for an opioid alternative, we were just wondering why  why not move faster into Phase 3? And then secondarily, I was wondering if all strategic options with VX-150 still on the table and have you confirmed that youve picked as far as yourself at least to a targeted subset or its an out-licensing still a possibility? Thanks so much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, thanks. This is Reshma. Let me take the first half of your question and then Ill pass it on to Jeff for the second half of your question. So, with regard to VX-150 which is our NaV1.8 inhibitor that you pointed out weve had now three out three successful studies in osteoarthritis in small fiber neuropathy as well as in bunionectomy. The reason that we are doing dose-ranging is really two very simple points. One is regulatory. Regulators expect us to do dose-ranging and really what theyre looking for us to do is to find the lowest efficacious dose and so one is just a very practical point around the regulators. The second point is around just a drug development. What we did in order to get a proof of mechanism read-out is we chose a high dose. Now what we need to do is to figure out what is the exposure response relationship, of course, that has important implications for picking not only the lowest efficacious dose, but also what the dose will be which informs pill size and that informs COGS and other such things. So thats really what were doing. I do want to let you know that the update on that one is that the Phase 2b is now fully enrolled. So, were going to be in a good spot to understand all of those pieces of information in the near future.
Jeff Leiden: And maybe Ill take the second part. The question is really a commercial strategy question, I think. As I said before, we dont think of pain as a single commercial market. We think of it as multiple markets, as an example acute pain, which is essentially post-surgical, post procedural pain, mostly in hospitals, outpatient surgery centers or dentist office is in itself a multi-billion dollar opportunity, typically youd like to have both NaV and an oral form of a new LNG like in that market. Thats very much a specialty market because we can address large parts of that market ourselves and it would be our plan assuming we have the data supports it to pursue development and commercialization of that market ourselves, small fiber neuropathy, similarly a market thats typically in a set of pain specialists offices. Its a market that can be addressed as a specialty market and its one that again with appropriate data, we feel that we could develop and commercialize ourselves. You know very, very different from the chronic inflammatory pain thats OA, low back pain et cetera, thats predominantly a primary care market. And then from our perspective, its not a market that we would want to build a commercial presence and develop and thats one where you might see us go with the partner. We have had a fair amount of interest as you might imagine given due to, first, we won the class of analgesics from partners who have a lot of experience in these community pain markets. Does that answer your question about our commercial strategy?
Paul Matteis: Yes. It does. Thank you very much.
Jeff Leiden: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering, if you can at all help us quantify the impact of improved persistence on SYMDEKO relative to ORKAMBI. And maybe how this compares to KALYDECO recognizing you have a lot more data on KALYDECO now, I think even now 5 years plus? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Terence, without getting into the exact specifics and kind of the exact numbers because these things fluctuate over time and obviously SYMDEKO were 12 months into the launch, ORKAMBI is a lot longer, KALYDECO is more like 6 years. But certainly, the persistence weve seen on SYMDEKO is as we anticipated higher than we saw with ORKAMBI, its not quite at the level that we saw with KALYDECO, which were the highest personally Ive ever seen for any mentioned in the many years Ive been doing this, so its somewhere between ORKAMBI and KALYDECO, but SYMDEKO certainly is above ORKAMBI.
Terence Flynn: Okay. And then any more details you can give us on the patient mix for SYMDEKO and if you guys seen any warehousing in the U.S. ahead of the triple combo potential launch? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: So, in terms of the uptake, weve actually seen broader uptake for SYMDEKO across all of the patient groups that you would expect. Its been taken up rapidly in naive patients, patients whove never been on ORKAMBI, those who were discontinued from ORKAMBI, and then weve also seen a fair number of patients switch from either ORKAMBI to KALYDECO. So, weve really seen uptake broadly across all of the eligible patient populations.
Terence Flynn: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of Citi. Your line is now open.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi. Thank you guys for taking my questions. So actually, so first of all, for switching to SYMDEKO, what are you learning about ORKAMBI patients or KALYDECO patients that are switching on the SYMDEKO given that there is longer part like the SYMDEKO and the triple going forward, are you seeing switching in mind with these patients, do you think itll be captive to point? Second question is just a follow-up and a [indiscernible] question. It seems like a change from JPMorgan that you might look externally for a pipeline asset, if you remember at JPMorgan, you discussed looking more for a platform to develop your  to get the science and help make [ph] drug. Are you just seeing something in the market, are things looking cheaper, what might have changed or how are you thinking about it differently? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hey, Robyn, its Stuart here. Ill take the first question and then Jeff can take the pipeline next to your innovation question. So, in terms of what were seeing with patients who switch from KALYDECO to SYMDEKO or ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO, I mean, generally were seeing those patients have a great experience. We arent seeing many of those patients either discontinue or kind of go back to their original medication. As you know from the data or in the RF population, we saw [indiscernible] add substantial clinical benefit on top of either capital, and so thats I think is whats driving the majority of people who are making that transition. Obviously, with SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI, we dont have as much in the way of direct comparative data, but I think its the overall benefit risk profile of SYMDEKO that I think people are finding attractive and that transition is going in line with our expectations. And then in terms of the external innovation, Ill hand that back to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Hey Robyn, its Jeff. Maybe just one other point on your question to Stuart about the switching, because obviously this is relevant as well to the triples, and just going to depend on the data and the label and lots of other things. But I do think the strategy here is to continue to provide better and better medicines for more and more patients, including the patients who are not on drugs. And so assuming that the data that were seeing now with 659, which is significantly better as you know than SYMDEKO even in performance valuation, we do expect over the long-term the vast majority of these patients will switch over to triple. So thats just a sort of sideline for the future. With respect to the pipeline and the BD strategy, I apologize if I miscommunicated that to you JPMorgan obviously did our strategy is the same all along. So, the three buckets of CF as you point out technology and tools and certainly, weve done a lot of those deals and well continue to do them. But weve always been interested in early stage pipeline assets that meet our strategy meaning theyre potentially transformative drugs for serious diseases. As you know, theyre not that easy to find. But we continue to look for them and certainly if we find them in diseases register then you should expect us to see to do in licensing or acquisition deals on those early stage assets.
Robyn Karnauskas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brian Abraham: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the contribution of uptake in 2 to 5-year-olds to ORKAMBI revenues maybe relative to background the background dynamic of adult switching to SYMDEKO. And then separately on the triple, as you get more data in hand, I am curious what type of translational or maybe educational work youll need to do to bridge the shorter term functional benefits from Phase 3 to the long term outcomes that youve seen with other treatments like KALYDECO that have been dosed over the course of years and whether youve had any preliminary pay or discussions or feedback on that front? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: So, Brian I will take the first question on ORKAMBI, so we have seen a strong uptake with ORKAMBI in the two to five-year old patient groups and as you might imagine that kind of helps to lead to a very strong quarter for ORKAMBI and if you like kind of compensate for the fact that there are a number of patients who are switching from ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO as you know because of these dynamics with patient populations and the same medicines being approved and in those same patient populations thats why weve really gone to getting triple CF product guidance now because its hard to be specific about each and every one of these patient population and exactly how many people are going to be on each medicine and so thats why weve gone to triple CF revenues now. And then in terms of the triple data all that I will hand it over to Reshma.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So with regard to triple combination, as you know the primary endpoint in both the 445 and 659 programs for the FX studies or ppFEV1 have four weeks and in the FMS study, its the interim analysis at 4 weeks ppFEV1. Now its very interesting in that is the reason we decided to go forward with a ppFEV1 in four weeks is because, as you can imagine, we have a treasure trove of data looking at ppFEV1 over time through our KALYDECO experience, ORKAMBI, and SYMDEKO, and what you see is that there is a very consistent relationship with what you see with CFTR modulators at week four and what you see later on for example at week 24 or week 52. And so I think that relationship is actually reasonably well understood amongst physicians as well as patients. The other interesting thing to note is of course in the SMS studies for both 659 and 445, were going to have the 24-week ppFEV1, so we can start to do some analysis of rate of decline and such. And we are also going to have pulmonary exacerbations, BMI, CFTR. So, its actually quite a bit of data thats coming and Ive been very impressed with how well the studies have been understood by the community, not just the physicians but the patients as well.
Brian Abraham: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Thanks very much. I guess Paul I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the operating margin progression. Youve obviously moved up 7 or 8 points this year. How should we think about that relative to the revenue growth youre talking about in 2019 and beyond thanks very much?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, I highlight. Its Jeff actually. Maybe I will take a little more of a strategic question since weve given you the guidance for 2019. So, as we look forward and that as youve seen over the last couple of years theres a pretty consistent trends here of growing revenues considerably faster than operating expenses, which obviously results in operating margin expansion and increases in operating income. And I think as Paul mentioned as we look forward to next year, we expect to see our current guidance of 15% top line revenue growth, but a 21% growth in operating margin reflecting exactly the same pattern going forward in 2019. Obviously, as we get to triples, that only accelerates because revenue grows even faster after the triple launches and operating expenses. We have maintained a pretty disciplined approach. So, I think if you think about this long term, without giving you long term guidance, you should think about continued operating margin expansion and operating income increases, which also results in the cash flows, that Paul mentioned, does that give you enough detail on sort of how we think that going forward.
Matthew Harrison: Yes, thats very helpful. And then if I can just ask one pop. I mean other people have asked about ex-U.S. reimbursement on the call. I was wondering if you could just specifically address some of the news around compulsory with licensing in some active countries and what you see as the path forward there the likelihood of anything happening there?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Matthew. Its Stuart here. I mean the compulsory license issue is probably most recently been discussed in the UK yesterday. There was a debate on crown uses as they call it in the UK I think its fair to say that the government itself in that debate recognized that this is a very complicated issue. Its not entirely a viable option for multiple reasons including that its inconsistent with their desire to foster a vibrant life sciences ecosystem. We certainly agree with their perspective on that. I would say, were not really focused or particularly concerned frankly about compulsory licensing what were focused on is finding a solution in the short term for patients that provides access to ORKAMBI as soon as we can and our pipeline of future medicines as soon as theyre approved.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Cory Kasimov: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about AAT and wondering if you can talk about the potential cadence of initial clinical data and what you might expect to learn from healthy volunteers. And then I realize this is putting in the cart before the horse a little here, but assuming the early clinical stage work goes well what might a registrational pathway for this indication potentially look like Im curious would you expect it to be biomarker outcome driven just trying to broadly understand what this program may encompass? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. This is Reshma. Let me take those parts of that question. With regard to the cadence of the trial, so let me quantify this fairly small molecule approach that we are taking here, that similar extending those powered by multiple ascending dose thats going to be done in healthy volunteers and as soon as we get through that were going to be ready to go into patients. The good news on this program is that its going to be a reasonably efficient program I dont know if its 30, 40 people but a reasonably efficient program for us to be able to see whether our molecules going to have the intended effect, which is elevation in AAT level and in activity. This is a fairly standard readout and so we expect to have that in hand in the near future as soon as we get through our healthy volunteer studies. With regard to the registration path that we were early in here that, what I can tell you is that the existing therapies, which you know are [indiscernible] therapy so its an infusion of the protein. Those were approved at about four of them available on the market and those were approved based on AAT levels. So thats one data point that you have to start with. We have to go through our conversations with regulators to see what the Phase 3 registration enabling end points are going to be here. But I do think thats an important data point to look at.
Cory Kasimov: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question from Hartaj Singh of Oppenheimer and Company. Your line is now open.
Hartaj Singh: Great. Thank you for my question. Just a question on the two triple X I know that in November youd also indicated you had 12-week data and 26-week data that 659 had gone through. Can you just give us an update as to how you report that the safety data also for both the projects as the efficacy readouts are coming up? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. If I go back to our 659 release from late last year, I think that gives you a very good template for how you can expect to hear our share of the data for 445 which will be coming this quarter in terms of both safety and efficacy. So, on the efficacy side, youre going to hear us tell you about the ppFEV1 at four weeks from both the FX and the FMX trial. And with regard to safety, now on this one, were going to give you the top line with regard to discontinuations overall tolerability. But were going to be very, very thoughtful about maintaining study integrity and were not going to go very far beyond that, just like you thought to do with 659.
Operator: Thank you.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we are now at the 1 hour mark. So, we will have time for one more question.
Operator: And our last question comes from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Liisa Bayko: Hi. Well a lot of my questions been asked but I did want to ask about the triple and sort of if you could describe the patent life around the triple, thatd be helpful. Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Liisa, thank you so much for asking that. Since you get to that, so as you know, our plan is to co-formulate these into a single pill in which case the patent life around the medicine is actually determined by the longest patent life of the ingredients single ingredients. And in the case of the VX-659 and VX-445 which folks have pending pattern applications, the patent expiry if granted would be 2,037 in both the U.S. and Europe.
Liisa Bayko: And any extension of that or that would be a query thats it.
Stuart Arbuckle: By 2030 is there, Im going to be way too early to think about it. Were obviously, were pleased with that pattern ways and we really cant speculate on any extensions at this point.
Liisa Bayko: Alright. Thanks very much. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, Lisa. Thank you for joining us tonight. The Investor Relations team is in the officer and theyre happy to do any further follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentleman. Thank you for participating in todays conference. This conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Analysts: Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Eliana Merle - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC Benjamin Burnett - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Welcome to the Vertex third quarter 2018 conference call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Tonight, we will review our financial results, our continued progress to develop new medicines for all people with cystic fibrosis and recent advances in our research and development pipeline. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer, will join us for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference call is being recorded. A replay will be available on our website. We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our triple-combination regimen for cystic fibrosis, Vertex's other programs and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. Good evening everyone. I'm pleased to say that, we have made tremendous progress across our business in 2018 and are well on track to achieve the key goals that we outlined to start this year. In CF, approximately half of all patients are now eligible for a Vertex CF medicine and we're progressing rapidly toward the development of a single medicine to treat any CF patient with one or more F508del mutations, approximately 90% of all people with the disease. In our development pipeline, we have initiated the first clinical study of CTX001 in beta thalassemia with our partner CRISPR Therapeutics and are progressing VX-150 for the treatment of pain. And in research, we're preparing to advance the first of our potential medicines for alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency into clinical development by year-end and to move other molecules into development in 2019. First, to our recent progress in cystic fibrosis. CF is a progressive multi organ disease with its presence from birth and a key part of our strategy is to treat patients as early as possible to slow or prevent the progression of disease. To that end, we gained important approvals throughout 2018 that now allow us to treat eligible children as young as one year of age with KALYDECO and as young as two years of age with ORKAMBI. With SYMDEKO demand continues to be strong following the U.S. approval in February. The launch of this medicine in the U.S. has been a significant driver of revenue growth in 2018 as new patients initiate treatment and we also plan to submit a supplemental new drug application to the FDA later this year to gain approval in eligible patients as young as six years of age. In Europe, we anticipate approval of this medicine before the end of this year, which will further increase the number of patients eligible to be treated with the medicine for the underlying cause of their disease. We've also reached multiple important reimbursement agreements across the world, to provide access to ORKAMBI, enabling patients in many countries to treat the underlying cause of the disease for the first time. Many of these agreements, including those recently signed in Denmark and Australia, also provide a pathway to access and rapid reimbursement for certain future CF medicines. Importantly, these portfolio agreements provide certainty to patients that they will have immediate access to future innovations in CF from Vertex. We remain in discussions regarding this type of agreement in other countries, but have yet to reimburse ORKAMBI. We're also rapidly progressing our two Phase 3 programs, evaluating two different triple combination regimens that include a next-generation corrector either VX-659 or VX-445. In September, we completed enrollment of the two Phase 3 studies for the VX-659 triple combination regimen and expect data from these studies in late 2018. We expect to complete enrollment for the VX-445 Phase 3 studies this quarter and to report data from these studies in the first quarter of 2019. We will evaluate data from both programs with the goal of choosing the best regimen to submit for regulatory approval. We remain on track to submit a new drug application for a triple combination regimen no later than mid-2019. In parallel, we've also recently initiated studies of both of our triple combination regimens in patients ages 6 to 11 years of age with the goal of gaining approval for this group of children as quickly as possible. We also continue to innovate in CF to develop even better regimens for the future, including potential once-daily triple combination regimens with our potentiator VX-561 and regimens to contain other next-generation correctors that may have enhanced profiles. We expect to advance one or more of these novel next-generation correctors into early clinical development in the coming months. Beyond CF, our research strategy is well-defined and focused on the development of transformational medicines for serious specialty diseases with large unmet medical need. And we're advancing a portfolio of such potential new medicines into the clinic. The diseases we are targeting all have well understood biology where we can use or create early clinical markers that support the potential for transformative benefit and rapid development timelines. We are establishing proprietary scientific insights into a number of these diseases just as we did in CF and CFTR and we are bringing significant resources to bear to both advance our development stage assets and also to bring other potential new medicines from research into early clinical studies. With our partner CRISPR Therapeutics, we're advancing CTX001 as the first gene-editing treatment for both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia using the CRISPR/Cas9 technology. This is a cutting-edge transformational technology that holds great promise in the treatment of many diseases and we're pleased with the rapid progress we are making together with CRISPR toward dosing the first patient with the CRISPR/Cas9 gene-editing therapy. Our pain program is another example of Vertex's innovative science translating to the clinic where Phase 2 data generated to date for VX-150 provided the first clinical validation for the sodium channel 1.8 mechanism in the treatment of acute and chronic pain. We expect that Phase 2 results for VX-150 in the third type of pain, neuropathic pain, in early 2019. We now also plan to initiate a Phase 2b dose-ranging study of VX-150 in acute pain following bunionectomy surgery that has the potential to support future pivotal development of this medicine in acute pain. Acute pain represents a multibillion-dollar opportunity where many of the conditions that lead to acute pain are treated by physicians that can be reached with a specialty sales force. Given the significant need for highly efficacious pain medicines that do not have the addiction, tolerability, and abuse issues associated with opioids, acute pain is an opportunity that is well-suited to inhibitors of the NaV1.8 sodium channel and we're also continuing to invest in the discovery of other potential pain molecules including additional NaV1.8 inhibitors as well as medicines targeting other new mechanisms. We're also advancing a portfolio of small molecule correctors for the treatment of alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or AAT and I'm pleased to report that we expect to move the first of these compounds into clinical development later this year. There are many similarities between AAT and CF both in the biology of the disease and how we may target its cause and in the potential to establish early clinical proof-of-concept and rapid development pathways for new AAT medicines. Like CF, AAT is a protein folding disorder caused by mutations in a single gene where more than 90% of patients have one common mutation that results in life shortening systemic complications primarily in the lung and also in the liver. We believe our scientific expertise in CFTR protein folding coupled with our development experience position us well to rapidly advance our novel small molecule approach to the treatment of AAT. I look forward to updating you on this program as we enter development later this year and to providing additional insight into our research programs, including those in focal segmental glomerulosclerosis and others as they progress in 2019. As we move our internal R&D pipeline forward, we're also continuously evaluating external opportunities, where our research and business development strategies are fully aligned. With our strong financial profile, we have increased ability to in-license or acquire assets or establish scientific collaborations that provide access to unique product opportunities and technology platforms. We've completed a number of such transactions in recent years and we have expanded our internal team devoted to finding and evaluating potential opportunities for scientific innovation with the goal of further broadening our pipeline and scientific expertise in the future. We believe that it is the combination of our R&D strategy with our business model that truly differentiates Vertex as a biotechnology company with the potential for highly profitable long-term growth based on a portfolio of transformative medicines for multiple serious diseases. This year has been marked by significant progress across research and development and in our efforts to bring our CF medicines to more patients globally, which has led to significant growth in our revenues and earnings, which Ian will now discuss in more detail.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. I'm pleased to review with you our third quarter 2018 financial results and to discuss our outlook for future financial growth as we approach 2019. Revenues first. Total CF product revenues of $783 million in the third quarter of 2018 represent a 42% increase compared to the $550 million we recorded in the third quarter 2017. We continue to see significant revenue growth as we increase the number of patients treated with our medicines globally. The third quarter included $255 million in revenues from the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S., which is the primary driver of the rapid growth in our total CF revenues. Demand for SYMDEKO remains strong and we continue to receive positive feedback from patients and physicians and strong coverage for SYMDEKO across both public and private payers. Similar to prior quarters, demand for SYMDEKO has come from all groups of eligible patients, F508del homozygous patients initiating treatment for the first time, patients who discontinued ORKAMBI coming back to initiate therapy with SYMDEKO, and also patients switching from ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO. Our third quarter 2018 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $379 million compared to $334 million in the third quarter of 2017. This increase was primarily due to the advancement of our portfolio of triple combination regimens for CF and the investment to support the treatment of patients with our medicines globally. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2018 was $282 million, with an earnings per share of $1.09, compared to non-GAAP net income of $136 million, with an earnings per share of $0.53 for the third quarter of 2017. Our non-GAAP net income and EPS has more than doubled compared to last year, largely driven by strong growth in the total CF product revenues. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities compared to $2.1 billion at the beginning of this year. Today, we also reiterated our guidance for total CF product revenues of $2.9 billion to $3 billion and for combined non-GAAP, R&D, and SG&A expenses of $1.5 billion to $1.55 billion. I will close with a few comments on our expectations for future financial growth and how we anticipate providing revenue guidance next year as well as how we may start to record non-cash tax charges. We have already created a strong financial profile for our business, and we anticipate that our revenues will continue to grow next year. In 2019, revenue growth will be based largely on the impact of SYMDEKO and SYMKEVI launches, the impact of labor expenses across our CF portfolio, and the recent completion of multiple reimbursement agreements. The timing of further revenue growth from countries where we do not currently have reimbursement for ORKAMBI is unpredictable. Therefore, when we provide 2019 guidance for total CF revenues early next year, it will be based only on the geographies where we have established reimbursement agreements at that date. If we gain additional reimbursement agreements in 2019, we will update you on our guidance as appropriate. This is consistent with how we provided guidance at the beginning of 2018. Beyond 2019, continued revenue growth will be driven largely by the potential approval and launch of a triple combination medicine for the large group of patients with one minimal function mutation and one F508del mutation who are not eligible for our currently approved medicines. Now to taxes, I'll note that in 2019 we may begin recording a non-cash tax provision at an effective tax rate in the low to mid-20s as a result of the improving profitability of our business and our future strong financial outlook. The vast majority of our tax provision would be a non-cash expense until we fully utilize our net operating losses. This will be further discussed in our 10-Q filing. The financial profile of our business is strong, and the coming year will be an important period to define our future growth as we obtain Phase 3 data from our triple combination regimens for CF, provide access to each of our CF medicines to more patients globally, progress multiple new medicines in development, and also to advance new approaches for the treatment of serious diseases from research into development. I look forward to updating you on our progress. With that, I will open the line to questions.
Operator: And our first question is from Phil Nadeau from Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the progress. Just two questions for me, one on completion and one on the financial guidance or financial comments that you just made. Ian, in your comments, you talked about 2019 sources of revenue growth. Can you specifically talk about the revenue growth outside the U.S., which I know you said was unpredictable, but which countries could be drivers of growth where you recently got expansions? Which ones are possible for next year and which ones are total wild cards?
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks for the question, Phil, and thanks for the comment on the good quarter. I do want to replay some of the comments I just made, which is that when we think about 2019, first of all, we see 2019 as being a continued growth year for our revenues. When we look over the previous years and we look over future years, I think what we're seeing here is we're treating more patients or treating more patients globally, and therefore, that's driving our revenue line year on year and into the future, and so it's a really nice profile. As we think about more proximately in time and we think about going from 2018 into 2019, we should continue to see growth even without reimbursement outside the U.S., and that growth would be driven by the continued launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S. and getting a full year's contribution for patients that are on drug. But then also outside of the U.S., SYMDEKO, which is known as SYMKEVI outside the U.S., is also launching into certain markets where it is already reimbursed. So we see baseline growth from already approved geographies. More specifically to your question, as in where the geographies that we could anticipate or possibly attain reimbursement approval, to have an impact in terms of growth on our revenues, it would have to be those larger markets. And principally, those would be either the UK, France, or Canada. I do want to replay, though, that this is unpredictable in terms of timing, and in particular, in the UK, which is probably the  it is the second largest CF market. If we are to obtain reimbursements over there, then we are launching the drug from anew, so we're in a launch curve in the UK. It's not that we're just switching on a large pause of revenue. We have to launch the drugs in the UK. We continue to make good progress with discussions with all three of those countries. However, resolution, whether it is in 2019 or whether it's in 2020, we'll update you as we progress.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's really helpful. And then second on competition, after the close today, Galapagos NV had a couple announcements, some new data as well as a change to the collaboration, and Proteostasis recently announced some data for their programs. I'm curious to get the team's updated thoughts on competition from those two parties. How real was it? What do you see as the strengths and weaknesses?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. As you know, we don't typically comment individual competitors or data. I think actually the data sort of speaks for itself. But what I would like to comment on is sort of how we view our competitive position and our data and sort of where we are in the process. And I think we've learned a lot over the last year. In fact, I think our competitive position has improved over the last year significantly. One of the things we've learned is that it's going to be a world of triples, and it's going to be a world of triples pretty quickly. And the reason for that is that in order to really get to all patients, particularly to have men patients who are so difficult to treat and to maximize benefit for the homozygous patients, it's pretty clear now that you need a triple, any company needs a triple. And that doesn't only mean you have three components. It means you have three medicines that can be combined, co-formulated, that have the right PK that can provide really superior efficacy, and I think the bar in efficacy has gone up very significantly and we'll talk about that in a minute. And also important is that they're tolerable and safe. These are medicines that kids are going to take for the rest of their lives. And we learned a lot about our regimens in that regard in the last year. We know that we have two different triple regimens that are now have been in hundreds of patients. They are co-formulatable, they do have the right PK, they raised the bar in efficacy very significantly into the double digits for -- to have men patients and into the mid double digits for the homozygous patients, that's going to be the bar, I think, for the future. And most importantly to us, we're well into our Phase 3 trials, which are enrolling ahead of schedule to the point where we're very confident we'll be able to file one of those regimens no later than mid next year, which would allow us to launch those drugs and get patients on them pretty quickly in the coming years. And so I think from our perspective, we like where we are, we have multiple options and most importantly, we have clinical data both on efficacy and on safety with these drugs, which is a high bar, frankly.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question, guys. I just have a couple. The first one is on the triple selection process, just for the NDA, when you guys think about it, you likely won't have much in the way of mature data on exacerbation benefit on BMI when you pick the regimen so  and that may matter, actually, over the long-term. So, is it just about safety, tolerability in FEV1 or are there other parts of the profile that you think will be impactful that you're looking for?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Geoff, this is Jeff Leiden. You're right. I think that at the point we can pick these triples, the primary data that we'll base that on is FEV1 data and safety and tolerability data as well as the whole profile of these drugs. Remember, we have a lot of preclinical and early clinical data as well. I think the good thing is, is there hasn't been enormous disparity between many of those long-term outcomes and short-term outcomes, and what I mean by that is that, at least, in our experience so far, drugs that have a very positive acute effect on FEV1 and a lowering sweat chloride is significant, acutely have also turned out to have these very profound, long-term effects. And, in fact, as you know, one of the interesting things is that KALYDECO and, say, ORKAMBI, which have a bit different acute profiles, ORKAMBI being less potent acutely, actually have very similar long-term profiles, which suggest that if you can really hit CFTR effectively in these patients, you will get the long-term benefit. So, I think the risk of a disconnect between an acute effect and a long-term effect is rather small. Now, obviously, we will have the long-term effects of both of these drugs within a relatively short period of time, but you're right. Probably not by the time we decide which one to file.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just a follow-up for Ian and I know you haven't given a 2019 outlook, but when you plan for OpEx spend, you'll have the triple launch pending the data obviously and then a bunch of new programs and R&D. So, how are you guys thinking about that in the context of also showing some operating leverage?
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Geoff. Thanks for the question. I really appreciate you pointing out that we've got this continued investment and commitment to CF. I just want to cover that because we do sometimes get asked the question whether when we deliver on these Phase 3 trials, are we declining our investment in CF? And I actually we want to maintain the position that we're not. We continue to invest in CF. In fact, those patients that were in our Phase 3 studies roll over to open-label studies. Those open-label studies we have found to be incredibly important because we gather longitudinal data to show the benefit of these medicines longer term. We're also doing studies in the younger patients and so we're able to treat these children at much younger ages of their lives. And so our commitment and investment to CF into these medicines that we believe will be hugely beneficial to them is maintained. So, if you could think about that as a steady state part of our R&D investment and then as we think about advancing our pipeline in other disease areas beyond cystic fibrosis, we are happy to be letting you -- we'll bring you more up-to-date with how we're advancing new medicines into the clinic in these new disease areas that Jeff just referred to earlier. The investment in these disease areas is smaller in magnitude, it's earlier stage, but it is additional investments and therefore, when you compare a 2018 operating expense profile to a 2019 operating expense profile, you should see a relatively small increase compared to the increase we anticipate on the revenue line. So yeah, we do like to anticipate operating to increase. And then one last thing I would say is that you got to remember, we're also launching medicines globally, not just where it's been in the U.S. and therefore, there are launch costs that are being incurred outside of the U.S., not significant because of the nature of the disease and how we can reach these patients with our medicines, but there is investments there as well. So, you should expect to see operating expense margin increase in 2019 compared to 2018, but the key will be the revenue growth which will allow us to continue to generate more cash flow.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for the question. Congrats on a great quarter as well. On the once-daily, you made a comment that you've had some positive feedback and are moving that forward. Can you just, I guess, clarify the process going forward and why you're choosing gaining mutations as sort of the first move forward and not maybe a broader population? How should we think about that? And then second question was more of a modeling finance question which is that obviously, the triples are advancing forward like you said, but ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO are pretty big franchises. Over some period of time, is that expected conceptually to have those doublet drugs go away and the triple is basically the single line item? How do you think about that? Were there patients that actually would stay on doubles? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: This is Reshma. Let me start by taking the first part of the question with regard to VX-561. As you know and we've talked about this on previous calls, the FDA had asked us to do additional dose-ranging before proceeding to Phase 3 and part of that request was to study VX-561 across these dose ranges in gaining patients and we've had productive discussions with the agency and we're now at the point where we've designed our study, we've selected our doses, and I expect that this study will get started next year, probably in the first half or so. Stuart?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Mike, and on the question of what do we think the triple combinations might do to the doublets, certainly, if we see the sort of results in Phase 3 that we saw in Phase 2 in the homozygous population where, as you know, we saw the triple combinations deliver very, very substantial increases in clinical benefit over and above a baseline of tezacaftor and ivacaftor. If those results hold true, then our expectation would be that the vast majority of patients would be transferred to a triple combination rather than staying on a doublet just given the significant benefit risk improvement that we saw in those Phase 2 studies.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And just to clarify on VX-561, you have to test it in gaining patients first, but the full plan certainly is to move it into a broader population after that? Is that fair?
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: You got that right.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robyn Karnauskas from Citi. Your line is now open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my question and also congratulations. So I guess let me ask about VX-150. So you mentioned that you're doing a dose-ranging study. Things are already done  some trials and execute. I was curious if this is to get a drug that may be superior to Vicodin since the other doses were just trying to be equivalent.\ And another question on that is like you talked about the acute market, some checks we've done suggest that reimbursement might be challenging there because doctors may just give a cheap generic drug. What has your market told you what has to happen for a more expensive, non-addictive drug to have uptake in that setting?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks for the questions, both good questions. Let me start with maybe your second one and I'll come back to the dose-ranging study, which is pretty straightforward. With respect to reimbursement, you're correct. A large part of the acute market has been genericized and as you know, a large part of that market is actually opioids for acute post-surgical pain, post-dental pain, et cetera. Obviously, we're sitting in the middle of an opioid epidemic and the number one objective that I think patients, physicians, and the government has is to find medicines that have essentially equivalent efficacy with opioids without the abuse potential and the side effects of opioids. We believe that VX-150, based on the data we have so far, has potential to hit that profile. You saw that in the comparative trial that we did. If that's true, we feel that VX-150 is a very, very competitive drug to a generic opioid and with just reasonable pricing, that market is a multibillion-dollar opportunity even if you only capture a portion of it. You may know in the U.S. last year, there were over 200 million opioid prescriptions written, which is a truly astounding number. Obviously, not all of them for acute pain, but a lot of them. So does that answer the question in terms of reimbursement?
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes, that's very helpful.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay. Then in terms of VX-150 -- I'm sorry, go ahead. Did you have another question on it?
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: No, go ahead. I was just asking about the dose-ranging...
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: If your does range is higher to maybe sell a superior profile in the acute setting, which may make reimbursement even easier.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. So you may remember, the study that we did in acute bunionectomy, it's actually I would call it a proof-of-mechanism study because it was the first time anybody had shown that a NaV1.8 inhibitor could work in acute pain. And so we actually used a fairly high dose there just to make sure that we were getting up to a reasonable exposure. You also know that before you can move into Phase 3, regulators will require you to do a dose-ranging study really to understand two things: one, what is the PK/PD profile of the drug; and frankly, two, what is the lowest effective dose because you always want to give the lowest fully effective dose. And so think of this as just a standard part of the Phase 2 regulatory process where we need to identify the PK/PD profile of the lowest effective dose, and that would then enable us to go to the agency with a plan for a pivotal trial, again, assuming that it's successful.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. And second question on alpha or antitrypsin. You mentioned (30:24) efficacy but I do have flashbacks for ORKAMBI I think not correlating with FEV. In this indication, is it more straightforward that if you see a reduction, you're going to see an improvement in efficacy? Help us understand a little bit the disease.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. Sure. Yeah, let me maybe give you a little context on the disease, if you don't mind. It might take me a minute. One of the remarkable things about AAT is how similar  it smells and looks a lot like CF in many, many different ways. It's a genetic disease. It affects somewhere between 60,000 and 100,000 people in the U.S. and probably about another 50,000 to 60,000 outside the U.S. It's caused by one major mutation in more than 90% of people, and it's a protein folding disorder as it turns out, just like CF is, which is a remarkable similarity. In this case, the normal protein, AAT, is made in the liver and is normally secreted into the blood, where it travels to the lung and it protects the lung against autodigestion essentially by endogenous enzymes. So in the disease, the mutant protein has two problems. One, it doesn't fold correctly and accumulates in the liver, and so it causes significant liver disease actually in up to 30% of all the patients. And two, obviously it's not secreted into the blood, so it's unable to go to the lungs and protect the lung. And so if the lung gets autodigested, that means patients suffer from early-onset emphysema. So, that's the disease. The challenge is, for us, was could we make a corrector, a small molecule corrector of AAT just as we had for CFTR that would essentially refill the protein in the liver so it would be secreted from the liver and therefore presumably help treat the liver disease, and more importantly, that would secrete functionally into the blood where it would go to the lung and protect the lung. That was the challenge. It's a very hard problem, I could tell you, biological problem. I think we've cracked that problem now. We've made a series of small molecule correctors that clearly do both of those things. They refold the protein so it's secreted, and it's secreted in a functional form so that it could protect the lung. One of the really nice things in this disease is that there is both a cell or several cell models. And there's also, in this case, an animal model which we didn't have in CF of which the human mutation has been engineered into the animal. And so we've been able to test these molecules both in the cells and in the animals, and they do what we thought they would do. They refold the protein. It's secreted from the cells. In the animals, they produce secreted AAT at levels that would be sufficient to essentially be preventative or curative in the disease. And then the other thing that's very similar to CF is this is a nice biomarker, which is simply the circulating levels of AAT in the serum. You can treat the patients for several weeks and just measure both levels and function of the AAT in the serum. And we know from human experiments of nature essentially that if you have a certain level of AAT in the serum, you don't get the disease. And so we know exactly what we're shooting for here and we can measure it very easily. And so the plan is take this into normal healthies by the end of this year, the first of these molecules, and we have a whole series of them just like we did the CFTR correctors. And that if they are safe and more tolerable, (33:43) once we understand the PK, take them into patients. And again, with relatively small numbers of patients treated for relatively short periods of time, you simply measure AAT in the serum and you know exactly where you are.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right, thanks a lot. That's helpful.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Robyn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Geoffrey Porges from Leerink. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you very much. I appreciate taking the questions. First, Jeff, you mentioned a mid-teens FEV1 improvement now being the hurdle for triples for competition. Could you give us your sense of what the bar is, the sweat chloride relative and absolute for homozygous and het/mins, so we know how to appraise all these competitors coming along? And then just wondering, Stuart, if you could give us a sense of where you are in the eligible F508del penetration in the U.S. between SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI. You've mentioned that you had quite a few discontinuations in patients who never started on ORKAMBI. And have you caught all those patients up yet, or are you still substantially below the penetration you've achieved with KALYDECO in the eligible population sector?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Geoff, thanks. I'll answer the first part, and Stuart then, of course, will answer the second part. On the first part, I do want to just correct what may have been a misimpression of what I said or maybe I said the wrong thing, but I want to be very clear. I don't think mid-teens is the bar, for instance, for het/min patients. I think the bar that we've set, as you know from the data, is somewhere between 9.8% and 13.8% in our Phase 2 data for het/mins. And for homozygous patients who already have an effect from doubles that we believe (35:33) was around 4%, we showed an additional 9.6% or 10% improvement, which is how I get to that mid-teens. So I just want to be clear that I'm not suggesting 15% is the bar that you need for het/mins to get to be successful. With respect to sweat chloride, I think these are approximate numbers. But I think when you reach sweat chloride that approaches carrier levels, which is our goal, let's say 40 to 50, that's probably the goal that you know you're there with a triple. And so I think those are the two numbers we look at. In most cases but not in all cases, they correlate pretty well. And at the end of the day, as you know, the regulatory endpoint is going to be the FEV1.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Great, thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Geoff, it's Stuart here. Just commenting on the SYMDEKO launch in the U.S., so as you suggested, one of the most important things for us, for SYMDEKO is the ability to get patients who were not being treated by ORKAMBI onto a CFTR modulator, and that was really two populations. One was those who were completely nave, had never been exposed to ORKAMBI, and we've seen good uptake in that population. And the second population was those who had discontinued ORKAMBI, often because of the respiratory adverse events, and we've also seen good uptake in that patient population as well. We've also seen a number of patients switch from ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO. So we've seen strong uptake in all those patient populations. We're certainly not done with the launch whilst we've seen good uptake, Geoff. We're certainly not done. We haven't flattened out on SYMDEKO uptake in the U.S. yet so we still have some ways to go, but we're certainly pleased with how the launch has gone so far.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, thanks very much.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And, Geoff, maybe just to add one thing that I know you are aware of is we talked about the efficacy side of these triples, but clearly, tolerability and safety is the other side of the equation and long-term tolerability and safety, not one week or two weeks and so I think that's going to be an important thing that we'll all look at as well as these trials progress.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Congrats on all the progress. Was just wondering, first, you might not comment on this yet at this point, but just with respect to the triple combo, can you maybe just give us an update on the different inputs you're thinking about with respect to pricing? And then just love your way of thoughts on capital allocation here. I know, Jeff, you made some comments in your opening remarks but could you have $3 billion on the balance sheet? That might be the most you guys have ever had so just curious how you're thinking about that as that continues to grow here into next year. Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Terence, Stuart here. On pricing for the triples, obviously, much too early to make any specific comments, but we'll be taking into account the same factors that we always do and that will be the magnitude of the clinical benefit that we're able to deliver for patients. It will be the label that we get approved for and that obviously leads into what's the eligible patient population. So those are really going to be the inputs that we take into consideration and obviously, we'll get more information on those in the coming months.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And as far as capital allocation is concerned, it's really interesting. I can tell you that being in the company has invested mainly and it's been about capital preservation for a long period of time in the last three years. We're now a cash accumulator and creator and it's about capital allocation. It is an interesting philosophical change for the company. But I'd like to start by saying that revenue line is the main source of cash and because after that, we then allocate inside the company on our internal programs. That's often not thought about until the capital allocation, but the main source of capital is our revenue line and then we allocate that internally. And as you can hear, in terms of the questions we were asked on operating expense earlier, we still allocate significant amount of capital towards cystic fibrosis medicines, but also now, we're starting to allocate capital to diseases that are beyond cystic fibrosis and we're really happy about that. Some of those opportunities that are beyond cystic fibrosis are our next order of priority, which is we're allocating capital outside the company towards collaborations and towards medicines that we can accelerate into developments and some of the opportunities we have with beta thalassemia and also sickle cell have been a product of a very successful, a nice collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics and we're really excited to be going into the clinic very shortly with these medicines, both sickle cell and beta thalassemia. And we anticipate that there will be others to follow. The medicines for FSGS, for example, was something that we in-licensed from a very early stage a couple years ago and -- but what it allowed us to do is to really reignite a research effort in that area is now providing the opportunity to go into the clinic in a very short period of time, a very important medicine. So that -- it's a high order priority for us to allocate capital outside the company to do collaborations to give us opportunity with more modalities and more medicines for diseases that we would be interested in. But I would say there is also a consideration for how we may also limit the increase of our share count. Our share count  outstanding shares, does increase year by year based on the issuance and exercise of options and restricted stock. And so we like to think of ways that we may limit that creep in outstanding shares and we've been doing that throughout this year. We did announce earlier this year that we entered in a $500 million share buyback program and we have been buying shares back throughout this year and that's been very successful for us as well and therefore has limited the creep in the outstanding shares, which obviously helps us with a small amount on the dilution. And so that's how we think about capital allocation. It's very important, very close to us, and we're happy that we have the opportunity to prioritize it in this way.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Eliana Merle - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hey, guys. This is Ellie on for Alethia. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the earlier status income on the R&D side, you've recently did a deal with Genomics. So could you talk a little bit more about this and sort of how having this particular discovery engine will sort of enhance your R&D efforts?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. We were actually quite excited about that collaboration. As you know, one of the principles of our research effort is to really, I mean, work on what we call highly validated targets. There's really two major ways you validate targets. One is pharmacologically with medicines. That's actually the minority, by the way, and the second is human genetics where mutations either gain a function or loss of function will tell you a lot about the role-specific targets. A beautiful example of that is NaV1.7 and NaV1.8, which were validated by human genetics, obviously, CFTR, et cetera. The collaboration of Genomics, who we believe is the leading small company in the world working on this kind of high throughput human genetics, will allow us to screen for new targets on the one hand through large scale data analysis of human genetic databases. But also, it will allow us to ask questions, for instance, about the potential side effects of hitting a specific target because we can screen the human population for mutation from that the target, which is a loss of function, for example, and ask are those people normal or not until they suffer from any mechanism-based side effects. That's a far a very important thing to know as we begin to pick targets and develop small molecules. So think about it as a way of tapping into the human genetic data resource that both help pick targets and help screen for safety and that collaboration is off to a very nice start in a number of different diseases.
Eliana Merle - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got you, thanks. And then just another one in terms of early phase development. Can you just talk a little bit more about the preclinical models for AAT? I mean, obviously, with CF, you guys are very successful on optimizing these preclinical models. But could you tell us a little bit sort of about your thoughts on what you think the best preclinical model for AAT and also part of your thoughts on how predictive these models might be? Thanks
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks for the question. There's two kinds of models that are generally used. These are not by the way necessarily proprietary to us. One is the set of cell-based models in which either derived from patients or derived from engineered cells with the human gene mutation in them which is the major AAT mutation. And in those cells, the mutant protein is made, it's misfolded, it's not secreted and so one can test molecules on those cells as to do they help refold protein secreted as a function, et cetera. The other one is there is a transgenic model which is actually expresses the human mutant protein. Again that protein is not secreted well. It accumulates in the liver of those mice and one can dose those mice with medicine and then ask if the protein's secreted as a function or what levels do you reach, et cetera. So two very nice models which we feel actually will be highly predictive because they do to actually study the human mutation not some mouse mutation.
Eliana Merle - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got you. Thanks very much. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First one maybe on, again, competition, we have seen some data from Proteostasis. I was wondering, if you guys have done any work in the lab about the role of amplifier? Do you have any view on that or not? And then second maybe for Stu. Can you tell us by when you might see SYMDEKO pretty much reaching a full penetration in the U.S. market given where you're seeing the market today?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: This is Jeff. I'll take the first one in terms of the amplifier. Again, we really don't comment on other people's specific molecules. One of the things that we like about our triple and our correctors are we know that they're quite specific for the CFTR protein which is I think one of the reasons  they're quite selective, if you will, they don't hit other proteins, one of the reasons why they've been so tolerated and so I think as we look at  as you look at other molecules, that issue of specificity and potency is a very important thing to look at.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And then in terms of the SYMDEKO uptaking, obviously, we're very pleased with how it's gone to date. Predicting exactly where it's going to reach full penetration is hard to do, but you can rest assured that when we get the point of giving 2019 guidance, we'll be including our expectations in that how SYMDEKO is going to perform in the U.S. and then also hopefully by then we'll have the approval of SYMKEVI in Europe as well and we'll incorporate all that in our 2019 guidance.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, there. Thanks very much for taking my questions. And congrats on all the progress. In NACF data we saw more specifics on the rate of cough for the triple combo. I know these weren't classified as bronchoconstrictions. I was wondering if you can give us any more details on the quality, severity, and duration, and remind us, should we think about this as related to the initial mucus clearance and how it might compare to ORKAMBI? And then just a follow-up on the pain program, obviously, some really interesting Phase 2 data. Wondering if there are ways you might be able to further improve upon the bioavailability and potency of VX-150? And should we assume VX-128 is no longer being pursued? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe I'll take both of those real quickly. I think the question you're trying to get at with the triple, but correct me if I'm wrong is are we seeing bronchoconstriction as we saw with ORKAMBI, the answer is no. We actually measured that specifically not only in terms of cough or anything else. So we do not see bronchoconstriction with the triple and we did not see it with tez/iva, as you remember. But I think the more important point, Brian, is just looking at the total tolerability and safety profile of these drugs now in a couple hundred patients. What we're seeing is they're quite clean. They look a lot like the earlier drugs. ORKAMBI excepted, they don't have the bronchoconstriction and they've been very well-tolerated and very safe so far. Does that answer your question? I just want to make sure that was the question you're asking.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's very helpful. I just wanted to contextualize that, yeah.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. And then the other question was about VX-150 and VX-128?
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So maybe just again, let me take a step back and remind you that the approach that we're taking in pain, actually not unlike the approach we've taken in CF and the approach we're taking in AAT is to create a portfolio of molecules, not one, not single rifle shots, but multiple molecules that have different properties, both with respect to things like potency but also with respect to things like PK biodistribution, drug-drug interactions, et cetera, and then take those molecules forward into early-stage clinical development to understand their profiles more fully. Obviously, VX-150 we have the most data on. We know that it's well-tolerated. We know that it has efficacy, at least at these higher doses, in acute pain and in osteoarthritis, and we'll get a readout on the third kind of pain, neuropathic pain, early next year. VX-128 was a follow-on molecule, if you will, with some different properties than VX-150. We discontinued development of VX-128 in Phase 1 healthy volunteers because it didn't have the PK profile and tolerability improvement that we were hoping to see over VX-150. We have multiple additional 1.8 inhibitors coming behind that, and so you should expect to see us bring other inhibitors into early clinical development, the same way trying to optimize these molecules. Remember, in acute pain, you're going to need molecules that are highly efficacious and also highly safe and highly tolerable. We don't want to create molecules that have liabilities like opioids.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's really helpful. Thanks so much, Jeff.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Matteis from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Burnett - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, thank you so much. This is Ben Burnett on for Paul. I wanted to ask another question about VX-150. I wonder if you could provide a little bit more color on the Phase 2b study in acute pain. I guess specifically what are you looking for and what is the efficacy hurdle that you need to advance this pivotal program? And then the second question just more at a high level, I guess across these different pain indications, the acute, I know neuropathy is ongoing as well as osteoarthritis-related pain, you have some data there. What is the ultimate vision for this program? And I guess under what scenarios would you want to commercialize this yourself? And is there a scenario where a partner might be involved in that aspect of it? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Ben, thank you. I'll take the second part actually first, I'm sorry, because it's a little more strategic. Maybe we'll give you some context and then Reshma will take the first part, which is about the VX-150 Phase 2b trial. I said this before but maybe just to give you some context. We think about pain both from a commercial standpoint and from a scientific standpoint not as one disease but as actually multiple diseases. So an easy way to divide it, for instance, is acute pain. That's the kind of postsurgical pain or dental pain when you have an acute injury. That's one segment. The second segment is chronic inflammatory pain, things like osteoarthritis, lower back pain. A third segment is neuropathic pain. That's pain like diabetic neuropathy. They have different commercial channels obviously, but they also potentially have different pain mechanisms. And so it's important to study them separately because some drugs will work in one and some drugs will work in two, and frankly, some drugs might work in all three. So that's the approach that we've taken with our portfolio. We've done separate trials in acute pain using bunionectomy as the model. We've done separate trials in chronic inflammatory pain using OA as the model, osteoarthritis, and we're doing a third set of trials in neuropathic pain using small fiber neuropathy as the model. And as you know, what we've seen so far, just to remind you, is a high level of efficacy in acute pain, a high level of efficacy in osteoarthritis chronic pain, and we're still waiting to see the data from the neuropathic trial, which is due early next year. So that's where things sort of stand from a scientific standpoint. Now again, if I take a step back, remember that there is a very large need for a new class of pain medicines. There really hasn't been a new class for over 50 years. And the reason is that we have opioids on the one hand, which have high efficacy but are burdened with all of the addictive and other side effects, and then we have drugs like Aspirin, Tylenol, and NSAIDs, which have lower efficacy and also, by the way, have some of their own side effects which are not trivial. And so the target for us is really can we find a new mechanism of pain that approaches opioid-like efficacy without the liabilities, addictive and other liabilities of opioids. And so far, based on Phase 2 data, what we're seeing is yes, NaV1.8 looks like such a target. VX-150 is the first medicine that does look like it hits in both of those two pain indications, and the third one we're waiting to see. And the final part of your question is what about commercializing that. It turns out acute pain, as I said, is a multibillion-dollar opportunity. And at least many, not all necessarily, but many of the channels in the acute pain market can be addressed by a specialty sales force. That's something that we would develop and commercialize ourselves. Contrast that with, say, OA pain or lower back pain, that's clearly not a specialty disease. That's like a community disease that requires a primary care sales force. And while we may take the science in Phase 2 trials forward, we would certainly not develop our own primary care sales force and commercialize that. That would be done with a partner. Nevertheless, we think if we have such a molecule, it's a very valuable asset for us to partner. And then neuropathic pain lies somewhere in between. It can be covered by a rather large specialty sales force, meaning 100 to 150 reps probably in this country, so it is seen mostly by a specialist. And it really depends on the quality of data that we're going to see then in the first part of the year in terms of deciding what we would do with respect to further development and commercialization. Does that give you the lay of the land of how we're thinking about it?
Benjamin Burnett - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Absolutely makes sense. I appreciate it.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay, Reshma?
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: This is Reshma. With regards to VX-150 Phase 2 study that we are going to be initiating shortly, it's a fairly standard Phase 2 dose-ranging study. This is going to be in the bunionectomy acute pain model. And in essence, it's going to be several doses that we study to get a full dose exposure range. You'll remember that the bunionectomy study that had the positive results from early in the year was a high-dose study because we were really testing proof-of-mechanism in that one. The endpoint is going to be SPID24, SPID48. This is a pretty standard endpoint for the bunionectomy model. And with regard to the treatment effect, we were very pleased with the treatment effect we saw in the bunionectomy study. And now we need to explore the full dose range and exposure to see what the lowest effective dose is going to be and that's really what we're studying here.
Benjamin Burnett - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. Two for me as well. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned you'll have some enhanced next-gen correctors moving into the clinic in the coming months. I'm wondering if there's any additional information you could provide about these in terms of how they might be further differentiated from what you already have. And then my second question is with regard to the clinical hold for CTX001 in sickle cell not being listed in initial trials slated to begin. How much data do you ideally want to accumulate before you're potentially comfortable providing an update? And will this be something that's your responsibility or your partners?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Cory, this is Jeff. Maybe I'll take part one and Ian will talk about disclosure in part two of the question. With respect to the enhanced next-gen correctors, I would say what we're looking for here is two things. One, I think we've showed you the chart before that as we've gone through the last four years, it's really remarkable to see how we've been able to improve the potency and efficacy of these next-gen correctors. With the current molecules VX-59 and VX-445, we're close to getting all patients to carrier levels, but not quite there. And so the goal would be to find a next-gen corrector that could get all patients, meaning het/mins in particular, as well as homozygous patients, the carrier levels of chloride transport because we believe if you can get there, particularly, in young patients, you'll either prevent or greatly, greatly lessen the severity of the disease. The other goal of that program is to continue to diversify the chemotypes. We always like to have multiple chemotypes of any medicine that we're making. And so we've been able to explore alternative chemotypes and we're working on those as well. So, those are the two kinds of molecules that you can expect to see entry to clinic. We already have examples of both. And so the first ones of those, I do expect going into the clinic early next year and you can probably see some more as the year goes along as well. Does that answer your question about the enhanced next-gen correctors?
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, perfect.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And, Cory, to your disclosure question, well, we've just started recruiting patients of these studies and I think the next disclosure we'll provide you would be kind of an update of where we are on the recruitment. We'd anticipate dosing first patient probably around towards the end of this year, early next year. And then once we have a number of patients in the study, we'd anticipate a disclosure of data from the study later on next year. But that would probably be timed with multiple patients in both studies and  so being on therapy or, let's say, have had the procedure for a certain duration of time.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Well, that will conclude the call. The Investor Relations team is in the office tonight to answer any further follow-up questions. Thank you very much for joining the call and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Analysts: Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gavin Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrew Tsai - Jefferies LLC Timur Ivannikov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC Olivia Brayer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Carmen Augustine - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Michael Partridge, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please go ahead.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to the Vertex second quarter 2018 conference call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Tonight, we will review our financial results and our continued progress to develop new medicines for all people with cystic fibrosis. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer and Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer, will join us for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The slides are available for download on our website. This conference call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website starting later tonight. We will make forward-looking statements on this call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, the ongoing development and potential commercialization of any triple-combination regimen for cystic fibrosis, Vertex's other programs and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. Good evening everyone. In the first half of 2018, Vertex continued to make tremendous progress across our business, especially in the area of cystic fibrosis. Today, we are treating more patients with our CF medicine than ever before and delivering important clinical benefits to thousands of people around the world. First, to the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S. The demand for this medicine has been strong across a wide range of eligible patients, including those who previously discontinued or never started ORKAMBI. Patient access to SYMDEKO is excellent and similar to prior launches in the U.S. for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. And feedback from patients and physicians has been highly positive. Treating more patients is driving significant revenue growth. And on the basis of the rapid uptake of SYMDEKO in the first half of 2018, we are raising our total revenue guidance for 2018, which Ian will review in a moment. Second, we are moving toward achieving our goal to treat CF patients at younger and younger ages, so we may help deliver transformative benefits early in life and slow or prevent the progression of disease. This progress is exemplified by the pending approvals for KALYDECO in children as young as one year of age and for ORKAMBI in children ages 2 to 5 years where we expect decisions from the FDA this summer. We're also evaluating SYMDEKO in children ages 6 to 11 and expect data from this study later this year. Third, our two triple-combination regimens that contain a next-generation corrector are proceeding rapidly through Phase 3 development. We expect to complete enrollment of our Phase 3 studies for both VX-659 and VX-445 triple-combination regimens in the second half of this year. Based on anticipated completion of enrollment for both programs, we expect to submit a new drug application no later than mid 2019. The VX-659 and VX-445 programs have moved exceptionally fast, advancing from first synthesis of the molecules all the way to late-stage development in a little over two years. I look forward to updating you on the continued progress for these programs in the coming months. Beyond CF, we continue to invest to discover and develop medicine in other serious diseases. In our pain program, we have generated Phase 2 data for the selective NaV1.8 inhibitor, VX-150, representing the first proof-of-concept for NaV1.8 inhibition in the treatment of both acute pain and chronic inflammatory pain. These data provided important and clear clinical validation for this medicine. We expect to have Phase 2 results for VX-150 in a third type of pain, neuropathic pain in early 2019. We're no longer progressing VX-128, our first follow-on NaV1.8 inhibitor based on PK and tolerability findings from a Phase 1 study. We believe there is significant potential in the treatment of pain with the NaV1.8 inhibitor. and we continue to invest in research and development efforts to advance VX-150 in the clinic and to move additional NaV1.8 inhibitors into development. With our partner, CRISPR Therapeutics, we're advancing CTX001 as the first gene-editing treatment for both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia using the CRISPR/Cas9 technology. In beta thalassemia, we obtained approval in the UK for a clinical trial application, or CTA, for CTX001 earlier this year and recently obtained a CTA approval in Canada. We remain on track to initiate the first study of CTX001 in beta thalassemia later this year. In sickle cell disease, we also recently obtained CTA approvals in Canada and the UK. And we continue to work with the U.S. FDA to address the agency's questions regarding the IND for CTX001 that was submitted earlier this year. We also continue to make significant strides with our internal research efforts. We have compounds in late-stage preclinical development for alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or AAT and focal segmental glomerulosclerosis or FSGS. These early-stage programs demonstrate a strong fit with our business model and research strategy, where we aim to develop transformative medicines for serious diseases in specialty markets to create the greatest value for both patients and shareholders. We choose diseases with well understood biology, where we can use or create early clinical markers to support the potential for transformative benefit and enable rapid development time lines. With both AAT and FSGS, we have the ability to design early-stage clinical studies that may provide initial proof-of-concept data in 2019 or 2020 to inform further development. This is very analogous to how we successfully advanced our CF portfolio. In summary, we've made tremendous progress across our business in the first half of the year. In CF, it's remarkable that it was just one year ago when we announced the first Phase 2 data for a triple-combination regimen. By this time, next summer, we may have submitted for FDA approvals of one of these regimens, further defining the path towards treating up to 90% of all people with this devastating disease. With our pipeline, we're advancing multiple new medicines to fundamentally change the treatment of other serious diseases in the future. And financially, we continue to significantly increase our revenues, which will drive sustainable long-term earnings and operating margin growth and enable continued investment in the discovery of new future medicines. I'll now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. I'm pleased to review our second quarter 2018 financial results, which are highlighted by the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S. and our upward revision of the 2018 full year financial guidance for total CF revenues. Revenues first. Total CF product revenues of $750 million in the second quarter of 2018 represents a 46% increase compared to the $514 million we recorded in the second quarter of 2017. We continue to see significant revenue growth, as we increase the number of patients treated with our medicines globally. The second quarter included $186 million in revenues from the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S., which is the primary driver of the rapid growth in total CF revenues. Demand for SYMDEKO is strong, and we are seeing favorable early trends in persistence and compliance and are receiving positive feedback from patients and physicians. Five months into launch in the U.S., public and private insurance plans representing 95% of covered lives are processing claims for SYMDEKO and nearly all state Medicaid programs are providing coverage for SYMDEKO. The demand has been particularly strong among the F508del homozygous patients initiating treatment for the first time and also in patients who discontinued ORKAMBI coming back to initial  initiate therapy for SYMDEKO. We're also seeing patients switching from ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO, as evidenced by ORKAMBI's revenues of $236 million in the U.S. for the second quarter compared to $282 million for the first quarter this year. Based on the launch-to-date and our expectation for continued growth in SYMDEKO revenues, as more patients initiate and remain on treatment over the coming months, we today revised our guidance for total CF product revenues to $2.9 billion to $3 billion from a prior range of $2.65 billion to $2.8 billion. The midpoint of this new range represents approximately 36% growth over 2017. Our guidance does not assume completion of new reimbursement agreements outside of the U.S. during 2018. With reimbursement outside the U.S., we remain focused on providing broad access to current and future medicines by establishing long-term reimbursement agreements. The latest example of this portfolio type of reimbursement agreement was announced with Sweden in June and provides immediate access to ORKAMBI and a framework for rapid access to future medicines. We established similar agreements in Ireland and other countries and are engaged in ongoing discussions with additional countries regarding long-term portfolio arrangements. Now to expenses. Our second quarter 2018 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $388 million compared to $333 million in the second quarter of 2017. This increase was primarily due to the advancement of the portfolio of triple-combination regimens for CF and investment to support the treatment of patients with our medicines globally. Our guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.5 billion to 1$.55 billion is unchanged. The key investment drivers continue to be the execution of pivotal studies for two triple combination regimens, supply chain investment for triple combination regimens and incremental investment to support the launch of SYMDEKO. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2018 was $244 million with an EPS of $0.94 compared to non-GAAP net income of $99 million and an EPS of $0.39 for the second quarter of 2017. The increase in non-GAAP net income and EPS was largely driven by the strong growth in total CF product revenues. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities compared to $2.1 billion at the beginning of this year. The financial profile of our business is strong. We continued to see significant growth in revenues, expanding operating margins and increasing earnings and we expect these trends to continue as we expand access to our medicines globally and increase the number of patients eligible for and treated with our medicines. We also continue to invest in internal R&D for CF and other diseases and in external innovation through business development activities to create future medicines that will continue to drive growth. We look forward to updating you as we -- as the year progresses. And with that, I'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen & Company. Your question, please?
Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Questions on the SYMDEKO launch. Congratulations on the numbers. It's really impressive. I'm curious to get a little bit more color around the trends there. So, I guess, what were the U.S. sales of ORKAMBI in the quarter and how'd they compare to SYMDEKO? And given that they're probably not too far off, what is your sense of SYMDEKO's penetration of its U.S. opportunity given that the bottom end of the guidance can kind of be hit by flat quarters in H2? It seems like you'd suggest it's largely penetrated, but I'm curious to get a little bit more information there.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. Hey, Phil. It's Stuart. So I'll try and answer all those. So, for ORKAMBI in the U.S., we recorded net revenues of $236 million for the quarter compared to the $186 million that Ian referenced for SYMDEKO. In terms of how the launch is going, as Jeff said in his prepared remarks, we've actually seen strong uptake across the three different patient populations that we were anticipating that we'd see demand in. That's those who have tried ORKAMBI previously and discontinued, those who have never been exposed to a CFTR modulator either ORKAMBI or KALYDECO and we saw a fair amount of transitions from ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO. And that's the reason why you see the sequential decline for ORKAMBI from Q1 to Q2. In terms of for the balance of the year, whilst the launch is off to a strong start, we do continue to expect that there is a further growth opportunity for SYMDEKO because they're not yet, as you might expect four or so months into the launch, we're not yet fully penetrated into those patient populations that were either nave or have seen patients discontinue.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Citi. Your question, please?
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. (14:25) question a little bit about the company more long term now that cystic fibrosis is playing out and some of your competitors are dropping off. Could you help us think about capital allocation, business development particularly since your pain and your antitrypsin and CRISPR are more early stage or Phase 2, how do you think about how you might grow the business earlier using capital?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, Robyn. This is Jeff. I'll maybe take the first long-term strategic part of it, and then I'll turn it over to Ian to talk a little more specifically about business development. So, as we look at the business and we've talked about this a little bit before, mission one is to complete the journey in CF. And obviously, that really involves bringing the best triple regimen to patients as quickly as possible. We're well on track to do that. The good news today is that those trials are enrolling very rapidly. And if and when we do that and we have a high level of confidence we will, we see growth coming from the CF franchise for a number of years going forward. So, I think that's really the first important point. In both top line and bottom line growth, that's significant. Then obviously, we're focusing a lot of attention on what comes after CF, and we divide that into two parts. Our internal pipeline, where we believe we have a very unique scientific innovation engine that has now generated multiple breakthrough medicines. And therefore, we're confident that we're going to do that again in some of the diseases we're talking about like AAT, sickle cell, pain and FSGS. And the good news about those is that I think we'll have a lot more visibility to them earlier than many people expect because the early-stage clinical trials like in CF give you a pretty good sense of where you are after 20 patients, 50 patients, et cetera. So, in 2019, 2020, we expect to have a lot more visibility to the success of those programs. So, that's the internal part. Obviously, we're also accumulating a lot of capital and that gives us a lot of opportunity to invest externally more and more each quarter, as you're seeing. And so, we are seeing our BD efforts ramp up pretty significantly. As I've said before, are we going to go out and buy short-term revenue? No, we really don't need to. But we certainly want to supplement our pipeline and invest in other kinds of innovation. And maybe I'll turn it over to Ian. He can review our strategy with you there.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. And I'd first of all say that as Jeff reviews our broader strategy, as we look outside the company, everything we look at is absolutely consistent to how we think about the company inside. We have three areas that we're focused on outside the company. Obviously, first is cystic fibrosis. We should look at everything in cystic fibrosis and see if it's complementary to our approaches to effect the underlying cause of the disease. And so, we do look at everything that moves and that includes different modalities and therapies for cystic fibrosis. Second area is really platforms and early-stage technologies. And you've seen us complete a couple of deals in the last couple of years that have been very important for us in terms of getting us into new areas of science and new modalities. And in particular, Jeff updated you on our CRISPR Therapeutics collaboration on the call this evening, where we've made really nice progresses in beta thalassemia and sickle cell. And then, the third area that we continue to look at is, kind of, more opportunistic in terms of products and medicines that would be consistent to our overall disease strategies, going from the underlying cause of biology through to the disease itself and how those diseases may fit inside Vertex and be consistent to what we're working on inside Vertex. We're very active. We're more active than we've ever been. We're able to do that because, today, we do have capital that we can apply outside the company. So, we look forward to advancing that efforts within our business and advising you when we close some transactions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please?
Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you for taking the questions. This is Jeff Hung in for Matthew. I guess, first, for SYMDEKO, are you seeing patients come back to the market? Can you comment on persistence and compliance compared to ORKAMBI?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Jeff. This is Stuart here. So, yes, we are seeing patients who had previously been initiated on ORKAMBI but have discontinued. We are seeing a large number of those patients being reinitiated on a CFTR modulator; in this case, SYMDEKO. And it really is that growth in patients who have been treated with a CFTR modulator are either those who have discontinued or those who were nave to therapy have never been treated with ORKAMBI that's driving the growth in revenues that you saw in the second quarter. And it's that adding new patients which is underlying the increase in our revenue guidance that we gave tonight to $2.9 billion to $3 billion.
Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then, can you comment on  if you view the UK pricing dispute as isolated or potentially broadening out to the rest of Europe? The price in the media is obviously very low compared to your existing prices.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. So, I mean, I'll just start by reminding you and others on the call that, yeah, we've been successful in a large number of countries across Europe in securing pricing and reimbursement agreements, be it, Germany, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands. And as a result of that, I'm thrilled to say that thousands of patients have access to ORKAMBI today. But obviously, our goal is to ensure that all eligible patients in all countries have access to ORKAMBI and indeed our future medicine. And so, we are absolutely focused on securing reimbursement in those markets where we don't yet have access to patients. There's a number of significant markets obviously defined by the number of patients there, places like Australia and the UK. There are particularly large number of patients there. And so, obviously we're very focused on those as we are in all countries where we don't yet have access, and we know there's patients have been waiting too long and we're not going to stop until we get access for those people.
Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And maybe one last one on the CRISPR R&D, now that you have a written comment from the FDA about the IND hold. Can you comment on the differences between what the UK and Canada regulators ask and what the FDA is asking? And any comments about what you need to do to proceed in the U.S.? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. We're obviously in those discussions with the FDA to answer their questions. As you know, this is likely going to be the first gene-editing trial outside of cancer to be approved for human trial. And so, I think the FDA is being appropriately cautious and conservative. We're in the process of answering their questions. We obviously don't comment on that while we're in those discussions. But as soon as we have answered them and have a clear plan forward, we'll let you know.
Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Gavin Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, thank you. This is Gavin on for Terence. Congrats on the quarter. Maybe just one on the triple combo. Can you give us any update? Is there upside to completing enrollment before the end of the year and potentially starting or getting a readout before mid-2019?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. This is Jeff. So, what we've told you today is really what we know. We're obviously early on in the enrollment of the VX-445 trials. So, it's just too early to give you any more specifics on that. But I think the good news is that we're going to be able to complete enrollment of both of those trials earlier than we thought by the end of the year. And we're very confident that will allow us to make a choice of the best regimen and submit that application to the FDA by mid-2019.
Unknown Speaker: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your question please.
Andrew Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Hi. And this is Andrew on for Mike. Actually  to follow up on the last question, would you consider disclosing the data for both triples at the same time or would they be staggered one by one or, yeah, would they be disclosed once you submit the NDA? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Andrew. It's Ian. At this point in time, it's just really too early to  for us to figure out how we're going to disclose this. As Jeff made, just previously in the comments, we've just announced that we expect to complete enrollment in the second half of this year. We are comfortable based on that, though, saying that we expect to file an NDA in the U.S. by, be no later than mid, next year or mid-2019. But to start talking about how we will disclose data and how it rolls out and whether these studies are close enough together to do it both together, it's just a little too early. We know it's an important issue to you and to other investors. And as the year progresses and we talk to you more, we'll give you guidance on how we think about it when we have greater visibility.
Andrew Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And just a quick follow-up on the Concert molecule. Have you completed the dose ranging studies? What else needs to happen basically to have Phase 3? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hi there. This is Reshma. As you know, VX-561, which is the molecule we in-license from Concert, is an important part of our portfolio as we drive towards getting a medicine for 90% of patients with CF with a once-a-day pill. We are wrapping up our study design and discussing that with the FDA. And as soon as we finish all that up, we're going to be starting the trials.
Andrew Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Laura Chico from Raymond James. Your question, please?
Timur Ivannikov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. Hi. This is actually Timur Ivannikov for Laura. So I guess, the first question we have is about seasonality for SYMDEKO. It looks like you've had a great launch and the summer is halfway through in the U.S. And wondering if you can opine on the potential for any seasonal headwinds that might impact U.S. looking ahead. And how should we be thinking about this dynamic in 2H 2018?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. So, this is Stuart. So yes, it is not untypical to see a seasonal dip in compliance as people go on their vacations and their normal kind of routine, if I can call it that, is disrupted. We've been focused on that for a number of years now. It certainly was a big focus of ours last year, is again this year. And so, we're going to be doing everything we can, working with providers and directly with patients where applicable to try and maintain their compliance with their physicians' instructions. So, exactly how that's going to play out, obviously, it's too early for us to say right now. But it's a phenomenon we're familiar with, the one we've certainly focused on very closely and we'll be doing that again this year.
Timur Ivannikov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And maybe a bigger question on, bigger picture question on reimbursement. Do you think the reimbursement landscape has changed or how the companies will continue to be rewarded for innovation has changed recently? Or has it always been a tough situation like it's been recently? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. This is Jeff. So, when we talk about reimbursement, we always separate the U.S. and Europe, and the countries outside the U.S. are very, very different. In the U.S., we believe that innovation is rewarded. And that's really based on our own experience and those of others with breakthrough drugs like our three CF drugs that had very broad and very rapid coverage from all of the major payers including the government payers. And we don't see that changing over the coming years. In Europe, obviously it's a very different environment. It's a single payer environment. And again, over the last two to three years at least, it's been a difficult environment I think for all companies, including the innovative companies. I think one of the things we're pleased with, as Stuart said, is that we've been able to fairly rapidly secure reimbursement in a large number of European countries. And we're moving our discussions along in the several countries that remain, France, the UK and Australia being primary examples. It's always a bit of a difficult discussion and we understand that those countries look at not only the price per patient, but the total budget impact. But so far, we're pleased with what we're seeing and we think that innovative transformational breakthrough drugs will always be at the upper end of the reimbursement and price envelope. And those are the kind of drugs we're developing both in CF and beyond.
Timur Ivannikov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Leerink. Your question, please?
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks for fitting me in. Just a quick one. Could you give us the U.S. sales of KALYDECO? Second, could you tell us the channel inventory contribution to the SYMDEKO revenue number? And then, on the triple combination, you suggested no later than mid 2019. Could it be early 2019 given the fact that you're fully enrolled already? And regardless of when you file it, should we assume the same sort of accelerated review schedule that the FDA has given you for your previous combinations? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, Jeff, this is Stuart. On the KALYDECO U.S. sales, recorded net revenues for the quarter were $161 million. And in terms of channel inventory, there was no meaningful channel build at all in our Q2 numbers. All of the growth we saw there was driven by organic patient growth, more patients going onto our medicines.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Great.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And, Geoff, this is, sorry, this is Jeff. Just to talk about the timeline. It's just too early to give you much more than we've given you today, which is what we know, that we're now very confident based on what we've seen with the VX-659 enrollment and the very beginning of the VX-445 enrollment that both trials will complete. You made one statement, Geoff, I just want to make sure I do clarify, which is you said that we've completed enrollment. We actually have not completed enrollment of the VX-659 trial yet. So, I do want to be accurate about that. But we do think both trials will complete  or both programs will complete enrollment by the end of the year. And if you do the math on that then, that would allow us to compare the regimens, file an NDA in the U.S. by midyear. You asked about how the FDA will deal with these. Obviously, I don't speak for the FDA and I can't. And it's going to depend on the data. So, if the data is as promising as our Phase 2 data, we're obviously going to push very hard. And I think the FDA is very interested in moving as quickly as possible, taking all appropriate precautions. But I think we're going to have to see the data.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on the strong quarter. Just want to go back to reimbursement internationally. And just sort of wondering what your expectations are and sort of next steps for some of the key ex-U.S. countries like UK and France. I guess I'm curious, if they're just a fundamental difference in the views on the value of disease-modifying medicines or do you believe that, with additional negotiations or with additional data and perhaps triple combo data, you can sort of get past this and this is resolvable? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. Brian, thanks for the question. So, in terms of specifically where we are in the UK and Australia, the two countries that you referenced, in the UK, obviously, we recently received a counteroffer from the NHS. We and many in the CF community believe that offer significantly undervalues both our current and our future medicines. And so, we're not able to accept that offer. And in terms of next steps, we're looking to meet with those  the Head of the NHS and indeed the Minister of Health to try and progress those discussions because, as I said, we're not certainly going to give up on fighting for access for those patients in the UK, who've been waiting too long. In Australia, ORKAMBI, both the 6 to 11 indication and the 12-plus indication were reviewed by the Pharmaceutical Benefits Advisory Committee, PBAC, in Australia which is the body that reviews both clinical effectiveness and cost effectiveness. We're yet to receive the formal minutes from that meeting. And when we do, which will be in the next few weeks, then that will help us determine what the path forward there is. What I would say is that, as I referenced in the answer to an earlier question, we have successfully secured pricing and reimbursement in a number of other countries in Europe where now thousands of patients are now able to access ORKAMBI. And importantly, we are able there to strike pricing and reimbursement agreements which we believe give us a fair price for the level of clinical benefit and innovation that ORKAMBI delivers. And we need that fair return to enable us to continue the journey in CF and other diseases as Jeff was describing in his prepared remarks. So, we are going to continue to fight for access in the UK and Australia to get access for those patients who've been waiting too long. But we can only do that at a price which fairly reflects the value of the medicines and the benefit they bring for patients.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Makes sense. Thanks so much.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Operator, we will take two more questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your question please.
Olivia Brayer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. This is Olivia Brayer on for Geoff. Thanks for taking the question. Just a question on the triples. Are you expecting VX-659 or VX-445 to yield better results in one population over the other? And maybe as a follow-up, have you given any more thought as to what your strategy and objective is in triple combinations beyond these two? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. This is Jeff. So, let me answer each of those. Just to take you back to the Phase 2 data, you'll remember that VX-445 and VX-659, in fact, all four of our triple combinations were remarkably similar. In fact, the consistency and the similarity of the data was quite striking. That's really the only data we have to make assumptions about a Phase 3. That's why we're doing the Phase 3 studies. But based on that data, we would expect VX-659 and VX-445 from an efficacy standpoint to be quite similar. Beyond these two, your next part of the question, yeah, I said before we continue to develop additional next-generation correctors and it's actually fairly remarkable. We have many of them, and they continue to improve over time. And so that we're left with a sort of good problem which is which of these do we take into the clinic? We obviously can't take them all because we have 20 or 30 of them at this point that are better. Which of them will we take into the clinic, how much better do they have to be? Our goal is to get everyone to carrier levels. And as you know, even with VX-659 and VX-445, we're quite close in some populations. And so, you should expect to see one or more of them come into the clinic. We're just trying to choose which one and put the threshold on for what how much better it needs to be before we bring them in. But they're moving forward pretty quickly. So, I think you can expect to see additional compounds entering the clinic.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question then comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan.
Carmen Augustine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: This is Carmen on for Corey. Thanks for squeezing us in here. Most of my questions have been answered, but just one more. And we've recently seen some data from some of your competitors and we're likely to see more in the coming months. What are your latest thoughts on competitive positioning of your franchise? And what continues to give you confidence in maintaining a leadership position? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's obviously an important one. As you know, we don't comment on individual competitors. You'll have to ask them about their programs and we've seen some of those results recently. I would comment on where we think we are and, on your second part of the question, what gives us so much confidence. We're really pleased with where we are. As I said in my prepared remarks, actually, I've been in this industry for 35, 40 years and I don't think I've ever seen two molecules progress from synthesis into  well into Phase 3 or completion of Phase 3 in two to two and a half years. It's been a really remarkably accelerated journey for these two triple combinations. And so, we feel better and better about our competitive position, both based on the data and based on the speed at which we're moving. As I said, we should be in a position to file an NDA in the U.S. and also an application in Europe shortly thereafter for the best of these triple regimens that can provide therapy up to 90% of patients at very high levels of efficacy. What gives us confidence is really our 20 years of understanding the biology of this disease, the ability that we run our HB assay several hundred thousand times and they predict the human results virtually, perfectly and quantitatively. That's held up with the triples as well, and we're making better and better triples as we go. And so, we're actually getting very close to our goal of getting to carrier levels. And as you know, when you're at carrier levels, carriers don't get the disease. So, our goal is very simple. Get a medicine  a triple medicine to patients that provides carrier levels for everyone. Get it to them as young as possible, and we believe they won't develop cystic fibrosis as we know the disease today and we're well down that road.
Carmen Augustine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Michael Partridge for any further remarks.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thank you very much, everybody, for joining us this evening. The Investor Relations team will be here if you have any additional questions. We'd be happy to talk to you. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shawn Fu - JPMorgan Securities LLC Dane Leone - BTIG LLC Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference may be recorded. There will be a brief pause and then the conference will begin.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Tonight we will discuss our first quarter 2018 financial results and our continued progress to build long-term leadership in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief Medical Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer, will join us for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. The slides are available for download on our website. This conference call is being recorded and a replay will be on our website starting later tonight. We will be making forward-looking statements on this call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, the ongoing development and potential commercialization of any triple-combination regimen for cystic fibrosis, Vertex's other programs and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Michael, and good evening, everyone. 2018 is an important year for Vertex, and in the first few months of this year, we have continued to build on our established track record of innovation to discover, develop and deliver transformative medicines to more people with CF. The approval of SYMDEKO, our third disease modifying CF medicine, offers many patients an important new treatment option. In particular, for those F508del homozygous patients who never started or who discontinued ORKAMBI. The SYMDEKO launch is off to a strong start in the U.S. and we anticipate approval in the EU in the second half of this year. Today, the number of people eligible for one of our approved CF medicines has grown to 34,000 worldwide and about half of these patients are currently on treatment. With the launch of SYMDEKO as a new treatment option and the completion of additional reimbursement agreements outside the U.S., we are positioned to see continuing significant revenue and earnings growth in 2018 and beyond. Our belief that we can treat many more patients in the future as well as to further enhance the benefit of CFTR modulators is based on our rapid progress in developing triple-combination regimens that include a next-generation corrector. Earlier this year, we announced that we had initiated Phase 3 studies to evaluate VX-659 in triple combination with tezacaftor and ivacaftor in two groups of patients, those with one F508del mutation and one minimal function mutation, and those with two F508del mutations. The first sites are open for the Phase 3 study in patients who have only one minimal function mutation, and we have begun to dose patients in that study. Today, we also announced the start of Phase 3 development for our second next-generation corrector, VX-445, as part of a triple combination regimen in the same groups of patients that we're evaluating with VX-659. This marks important progress toward our goal of advancing two different next generation triple-combination regimens to allow us to choose and bring forward the best regimen to people with CF as quickly as possible. We're also making important progress in our research and development pipeline beyond CF. We are preparing to begin clinical development of CTX001, an investigational CRISPR/Cas9 Gene Editing Treatment in two devastating diseases, beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease with our partner, CRISPR Therapeutics. We also continue to make important progress with the selective NaV1.8 inhibitors VX-150 and VX-128 for the treatment of pain. We look forward to generating additional data from ongoing studies of these potential pain medicines to inform future development plans. In 2018, we also expect to move one or more potential medicines from our internal research programs into clinical development in other disease. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress during the year. Tonight on the call, I'm pleased to have with us Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, our newly appointed Chief Medical Officer. Reshma joined Vertex in 2016 and her depth of medical knowledge, paired with her experience and proven track record as a clinical leader, make her an ideal successor to Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, who will remain with us through early 2019 as a senior adviser as he transitions to his planned retirement. I'd like to personally thank Jeff for his extraordinary leadership and dedication to improving the lives of people with CF and other serious diseases. I'll now turn the call over to Reshma to review the status of our CF clinical programs in more detail.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening, everyone. Tonight, I'm very pleased to review our progress in advancing VX-659 and VX-445 triple combination regimens into Phase 3 development and to share the initial results for once-daily triple-combination regimens that include VX-561, a once-daily potentiator. First, to the VX-659 triple-combination regimen. During the first quarter of 2018, we announced the initiation of two Phase 3 studies of VX-659, tezacaftor and ivacaftor, as an investigational triple combination regimen for people with CF. The first study is evaluating the VX-659 triple-combination regimen versus placebo in approximately 360 patients ages 12 and older who have a minimal function mutation. A schematic of this design is shown on slide seven. The key feature of this study is that the efficacy assessments at four weeks and a safety assessment through 12 weeks will form the basis of a potential NDA submission. The 24-week assessment will generate data on key secondary endpoints as well as safety. But these data are not required to complete the NDA submission. As Jeff mentioned, sites are open, patient enrollment in the study has begun and the first patients have been dosed. A second study will evaluate the VX-659 triple-combination in approximately 100 F508del homozygous patients ages 12 and older. The design of this study is shown on slide eight. The key features of this study are a four-week run-in where all patients receive tezacaftor and ivacaftor and then a primary efficacy assessment after four weeks of additional dosing where VX-659 or placebo is added to tezacaftor and ivacaftor. To support a regulatory submission in the U.S., to treat the F508del homozygous population, we anticipate using the four-week efficacy data from this study in conjunction with 24-week safety data from the study in F508del minimal function patients. Data from these studies of VX-659 will also be used to support planned regulatory submissions in Europe and other regions. Turning to VX-445. Today, we announced the initiation of two Phase 3 studies of the VX-445 triple-combination regimen for patients with CF. The study designs are similar to the Phase 3 program I just discussed for VX-659 and are shown on slides 9 and 10, respectively. We recently obtained results from the non-clinical toxicology studies for VX-445, and we expect the FDA's review of these data prior to the start of our Phase 3 studies. Initiating Phase 3 studies with both VX-659 and VX-445 gives us the opportunity to generate data for two different triple-combination regimens and pick the best regimen to bring to patients as quickly as possible. In addition to evaluating each triple-combination regimen in the studies I just discussed, we also plan to evaluate each of these triple-combination regimens in patients who have a gating or residual function mutation. Earlier this year, we announced Phase 2 results from VX-445 in F508del minimal function patients that support advancing VX-445 into Phase 3 studies for that population. Today, we are reporting the initial Phase 2 data for VX-445 in triple combination in F508del homozygous patients. Once again, the efficacy observed was impressive and the safety profile of VX-445 was similar to that observed in previously reported parts of this study. This Phase 2 study evaluated VX-445 or placebo in combination with tezacaftor and ivacaftor for four weeks after a four-week run-in of tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. In the patients who received this triple combination, we observed a significant improvement in lung function of 11 percentage points over what was obtained with tezacaftor and ivacaftor alone. This improvement was evident by the second week of the treatment period and sustained through the four-week dosing period. These data are shown on slide 11. The VX-445 triple combination was generally well tolerated and the safety profile is consistent with what we've learned previously with this regimen. Today, we are also reporting the initial results for the once daily potentiator, VX-561. When dosed as part of a triple-combination regimen with VX-659 or VX-445 and tezacaftor in people with one minimal function mutation. In these Phase 2 studies, mean absolute improvements in ppFEV1 of 11.7 and 12.2 percentage points from baseline through week four of treatment were observed for the VX-445 and VX-659 triple-combination regimens, respectively. The once daily triple-combination regimens were generally well tolerated and the safety results were consistent with what we have observed in triple combination studies that included ivacaftor. While we believe that the results clearly support the hypothesis that VX-561 has a role in future once daily triple combinations, the FDA has requested additional dose ranging for VX-561, including potential evaluations of monotherapy before allowing evaluation of VX-561 in late-stage development. We look forward to updating you on our progress with our triple-combination regimens as we advance these programs. I'll now turn over the call to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Reshma and good evening to everyone. 2018 is off to a strong start and tonight, I'm pleased to review our first quarter 2018 financials, the SYMDEKO launch in the U.S., and our 2018 full year financial guidance. Revenues first, total CF product revenues of $638 million in the first quarter of 2018 represent a 33% increase compared to the $481 million we recorded in the first quarter 2017. Our total product revenues have continued to grow each quarter as we increased the number of patients treated with our approved medicines. Today, we estimate approximately 34,000 patients are eligible for our medicines of which about half are being treated. We expect the eligibility in the number of patients we treat to continue to grow throughout 2018, and therefore continue to drive revenue growth. I'll make some brief comments on SYMDEKO launch in the U.S. Since the FDA approval on February 12, we have been educating healthcare providers on the medicine, and working with payers to secure reimbursement. We are seeing broad coverage and access to SYMDEKO, as the majority of commercial and government payers are reimbursing for the medicine. For the first quarter 2018, we reported SYMDEKO revenues of $34 million, which reflects the initial seven weeks of sales. We continue to prepare for the anticipated approval of this medicine in the EU in the second half of 2018. Our first quarter 2018 non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses were $360 million compared to $313 million in the first quarter of 2017. This increase was primarily due to the advancement of our portfolio of triple-combination regimens for CF and the investment to support the treatment of patients with our medicines globally. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2018 was $196 million compared to non-GAAP net income of $101 million for the first quarter of 2017. The increase in non-GAAP net income was largely driven by the strong growth in total CF product revenues. During the first quarter 2018 we also strengthened our balance sheet as we ended March with approximately $2.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities compared to $2.1 billion at the beginning of this year. Now turning to the guidance, we continue to expect full year 2018 total CF product revenues in the range of $2.65 billion to $2.8 billion comprised primarily of combined revenues from countries where our three approved medicines are currently reimbursed. The midpoint of this range represents approximately 26% growth over 2017 driven by the launch of SYMDEKO and an increased number of patients treated with our approved medicines. As we have commented on previous calls, we are focused on total CF product revenues in our guidance, given that some patients on KALYDECO and ORKAMBI will switch to SYMDEKO. The timing and the amount of the switching is not yet known. We believe the overall growth of CF product revenues is the most important metric because it reflects revenue growth from treating more and more CF patients. We also continue to expect combined non-GAAP, R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.5 billion to $1.55 billion. The key investment drivers are the execution of pivotal studies for two triple-combination regimens, supply chain investment for the potential commercial success of a triple-combination regimen and the incremental investment to support the launch of SYMDEKO. Our financial profile has strengthened significantly over the past two years. Our continued execution across all parts of our business has positioned us to deliver sustainable revenue and earnings growth and to continue to expand our operating margin in 2018 and beyond as we significantly increase the number of patients we treat with our medicines. With that, I will open the line to questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink. Your line is open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much for taking the question, and congratulations on the strong results. The only surprise really is that you're not going ahead with a pivotal trial with VX-561, and I wonder if you could give us a little bit more understanding as to the basis for the FDA's decision. It seems a little unusual given that it's just one of the isomers of  well, actually it's only a deuterated version, I beg your pardon, of KALYDECO. What's the basis for that caution? And should we assume that that same standard of single drug dose finding is going to be applied to every potentiator that might potentially enter the class?
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey Geoff, it's Ian. Maybe we could actually separate that question into two parts, which maybe we have Reshma talk about the data and Jeff Leiden talk about how we intend to incorporate VX-561 into our regimen as we go forward. I would remind you, back in earlier this year, we look forward to getting results from VX-561. It was pending data and pending discussions with the FDA and maybe we can give you a little more insight into that. So Reshma, do you want to talk about the data first, and then Jeff on the strategy to incorporation?
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure, sure. So, as you know, in both the VX-659 and the VX-445 proof of concept studies, we had one part that included VX-561 in place of ivacaftor. And let me walk you through the results in terms of efficacy and safety. On the efficacy side, as you heard in the prepared remarks, we had an improvement in ppFEV1 of 11.7 and 12.2 percentage points, respectively, for VX-445 and VX-659. Really impressive results that we were very pleased with. On the safety side, the results were remarkably similar to what we've seen in our ivacaftor studies. And when we looked at these results, both on efficacy and safety, we were very impressed with what we saw and impressed with the consistency of the safety profile. Jeff?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. So Geoff, as you said, we've got those results, and obviously, you need to have the Phase 2 results before you go and discuss Phase 3 design with the FDA, which we did over the last several weeks and months. And it became clear to us that the way the FDA was looking at VX-561 despite the fact that, as you say, it's really a deuterated version of KALYDECO is that's a new chemical entity. And the kinds of information they're asking for, for instance, some of the dose ranging and potential monotherapy is exactly the kinds of things that they would typically ask for a new chemical entity, particularly before it goes into a combination regimen. And so our decision was  because our goal has always been to get the best regimen to patients as quickly as possible, we decided to move forward with VX-445 with KALYDECO because that's the quickest route and we didn't want to take a delay. Having said that, I also think that the decision was probably a bit influenced by the fact that KALYDECO has been so well studied in so many thousands of patients and, frankly, it set a very, very high bar, both in terms of efficacy and safety. And so they have a lot of comfort with it, and that made it, I think, easier to enable us to move forward more quickly with that regimen. Having said all that, as Reshma said, the data for VX-561 is quite compelling. We do plan to take it forward into a once a day regimen. We're still in discussions with the FDA about exactly what data they are going to need in some of these, Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies. But we think that's highly doable, we just don't want to wait. So as soon as we know that, we'll progress those studies and we'll work out a bridging strategy that allows us to bring VX-561 along with either VX-659 or VX-445 whichever one we choose to patients.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks for that background. I appreciate it. I'll get in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys and thanks for the questions. I just have a commercial one and then a clinical one. For SYMDEKO, when you look across the O-U.S. approval trajectory including Europe and Australia down the road just what are lessons to be learned from ORKAMBI? Can you help maybe abbreviate the process, reimbursement process I'm speaking about, and then I have a couple of follow-ups on the clinical side.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Geoff. Thanks for the questions. So on SYMDEKO ex U.S. what can we learn from our experiences with ORKAMBI. Obviously, in many countries we've been successful with getting ORKAMBI priced and reimbursed and, clearly, we'll be looking to build on those successes. In some of the markets where we haven't yet secured reimbursement for ORKAMBI, which we continue to very, very actively pursue, we have also begun discussions with some of those authorities about potential portfolio like agreements where we may be able to get accelerated access for patients to SYMDEKO. Obviously, those discussions with ORKAMBI are very, very active, and obviously, with SYMDEKO they'll pick up more steam, when as we anticipate we get the approval ex U.S. certainly in Europe in the second half of this year. What I would stress though, Geoff is that we're not kind of waiting for SYMDEKO, and then only really going to try and get reimbursement for SYMDEKO. That's not how we're thinking about it. As you know, patients with CF have a relentlessly progressive disease. We know that treating them as early as possible is incredibly important, certainly with disease modifying agents like ORKAMBI. And so, we're continuing to pursue with every degree of urgency that we can, reimbursement for ORKAMBI. The other thing to remember, which I think is an important point, is that the SYMDEKO approval is likely to be for people 12 and over. And as you know, in recent years we've expanded the indications for ORKAMBI first to six to 11, hopefully subsequently down to two to five. So ORKAMBI is going to continue to play a very, very important role for those younger children with CF.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then just on the  that's helpful. Thanks Stuart. And then on the pipeline side, when you think about the future triples, beyond VX-659 or VX-445, I get the strategy with VX-561, but what would be the real objective here? Are you guys still actively pursuing more novel combinations in Phase 2? I'm trying to figure out if you have an assay as predictive of FEV1, is it worth it to go into larger studies for just a few points of FEV1? In other words, is there an upper end that's kind of worth your investment or not?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great question, Geoff. As I said before, we have now reasonably large number of additional next-gen correctors that are flowing through research and into late preclinical development. And so the decision that we're going to make, and we'll have to start making it soon because some of those are moving along quickly is, are they significantly better, do we believe than the two that are currently moving forward, VX-445 and VX-659. And significantly better is really the whole profile of the medicine, right? So it's certainly efficacy, but it's also once a day formulatability, dose, for instance, potency. All those things will go into our decision. But at the end of the day, the decision will be if we feel we have a molecule that's significantly better than the other two, we'll take it forward into Phase 1, and certainly into early Phase 2. That's easy and quick to do. If we don't, we won't.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks. And congrats on the good SYMDEKO launch as well to start off. Two, two part question, I guess. Just to follow up on the whole concept of more dose ranging studies needed for VX-561. I mean, I guess it would seem to be an important read-through to what the regulators are saying on novel compounds. So just to clarify. You're implying that you need to actually prove it out as a full potentiator and run it as a monotherapy program and prove that it's an active potentiator for new compounds. Just wanted to clarify that. And then the second question was on the Phase 3s that are ongoing, and it sounds like you started dosing patients. I mean I presume that would be pretty fast. So while I wouldn't want you to necessary guide on data, would you actually announce data when it's done after four and 12 weeks, or do you need to file? Just what would be your disclosure policy beyond these Phase 3s that we're all looking forward to? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Mike. This is Jeff. I'll take the first part. Maybe Ian will take the second one, was your disclosure question. With respect to the first part, I never comment on what the FDA is going to want for other people's programs. I do think it's informative that they view VX-561 as a new chemical entity, because as Geoff Porges mentioned, it's quite similar to KALYDECO, but clearly different. So I don't think it's unreasonable. Obviously, as compounds get more and more different and newer and newer, I think that they're going to have the same expectations for new chemical entities pretty much across the board, but obviously that's up to them.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And Mike, to your question on disclosure, I don't really want to design the disclosure and what we include in that at this point in time. So it will be  we'll complete the study, we'll gather the data, what does the data inform us in terms of a filing strategy. And I think that's what you could imagine us disclosing. And the timing to that, we'll let you know when we're further into the studies. But as usual, it will be what can we do with the data and we'll provide you that action and we'll provide you the data that supports it. And we'll let you know when we have that.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe ask one on the clinical trial designs for the Phase 3s. You are testing the Phase 3 for homozygous patients in about 100 patients, while you are testing the I guess triple combo in the heterozygous patients in  I mean, sorry  the 180 patients for the het/min trial. So I was wondering if the trial for homozygous patient is sufficiently powered to show superiority in efficacy or it's most likely a supplemental trial to compare the efficacy. And then secondly, maybe commercial side on the SYMDEKO launch. Can you tell based on early experience, who are the patients taking SYMDEKO today? Are those mostly patients who were not tolerant of ORKAMBI before, or you're seeing also some other patients switching to SYMDEKO? Thank you.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Ying, just before Reshma gives you the answer, I just want to correct one of your points, and we are obviously doing two different Phase 3 trials, one in het/mins, one in 508, 508 patients. The het/min Phase 3 study does have 360 patients in, and the 508, 508 Phase 3 study has 100 patients in. And now maybe Reshma can help you understand how the het/min study will lead and how 508, 508 would follow.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure, sure. So for each of our programs, VX-659 and VX-445, the programs are actually very similar. So I'll use VX-659 as an example but it's very similar to VX-445. In each program, there's going to be a study of 360 patients total for het/min patients and 100 patients total for homozygous F508del patients. Now the 360 patients for het/min, that comes from a desire that we have to look at things like pulmonary exacerbation which is going to take more patients. With regard to the 508 homozygous study, that is well powered. Indeed, if you just look back at our proof of concept studies, you can see the fairly substantial improvement in things like sweat chloride, ppFEV1 and even CFQ-R.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And Ying, on the SYMDEKO launch, obviously we're just seven weeks into the launch at the end of Q1, but we are able to tell in this early stage of the launch where those patients are coming from. And we're seeing a mix. We are certainly seeing patients transition from ORKAMBI and KALYDECO based on the strength of the clinical data, but perhaps more importantly, we're also seeing use in patients who were not being treated with CFTR modulator prior to the approval of SYMDEKO, and that's really in two areas. One you mentioned, which is those homozygous who had been initiated on ORKAMBI but unfortunately had to discontinue the medicine. And then we're also seeing use in patients who were nave, who had never been initiated on a CFTR modulator, and we're also seeing SYMDEKO being used in those. And obviously, those last few patients groups are incredibly important because those are patients who were not being treated with a disease modifying agent prior to the launch of SYMDEKO.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Maybe I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on the couple cases of rash that you saw in the triple combo Phase 2 that you just closed. And just any idea of what sort of agent it might be tied to, and anything you can say on that front? And then, a question for Ian, just on SYMDEKO, can you quantify any inventory for the quarter? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. So let me start with the question that you had on the clinical side. Where we are right now is that we've completed our proof of concept studies for both VX-659 and VX-445, and what that means is we've treated about 200 patients. In that 200 patient experience, we have a low incidence of rash overall and the low severity. We have no serious events. These rashes have resolved with discontinuation of treatment or interruption. And interestingly on that latter point we've had a couple of cases where patients have interrupted their therapy for a period and then restarted and completed their course without trouble. To give you some context for this, KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, the rashes that we're seeing in our next-gen program are very similar in incidence and quality is what's been seen there, and you can look in the USPI and you'll see ORKAMBI is about 7%, and KALYDECO is about 13% or so.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Terence, to your question on SYMDEKO, I'd first draw you to the kind of the top line revenues, CF total revenues and comment on that, which is the inventory in the channel at December 31, 2017, was similar to the inventory in the channel at March 31, 2018. So what that tells you is that the channel has remained even between those two periods, and therefore, the revenue number is real demand in Q1. As to your question to SYMDEKO, there was some slight channel build, but that was offset to some channel decline on KALYDECO and ORKAMBI from December 31 period. In summary, total CF revenues in Q1 were the real demand and it was not channel build.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions. I guess, first off, on the triple combo Phase 3s. Obviously, a lot of enthusiasm amongst sites, and we're hearing about sites needing to really filter patients as to who is eligible for the study. So, I guess, my first question is really how are you managing that, operationally, the potential for healthier or more highly motivated patients to come into these Phase 3s and maybe perhaps skew the results or reflect the different population studied in Phase 2. And then I had a quick follow-up on VX-561.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. So you know we have the benefit of having worked with CF patients in this community for some time now and executing not only Phase 2 studies, but Phase 3 studies as well, in the patient populations that we're studying now in VX-659 and VX-445. And the inclusion and exclusion criteria, the discussions with sites, the way that the sites are screening patients and such, are fairly well described, and what we're doing in Phase 3 is similar to what we ourselves just completed in Phase 2. So I feel very good about how the operations are running and the timelines on which we are enrolling these studies.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then, actually maybe a question on VX-445. You mentioned you're awaiting the FDA review of non-clinical tox. Just wondering if you could say whether there was any  were any notable observations there or if that's just a box check? Thanks.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. You know that the preclinical talks, the chronic talks results are standard fare. We've looked at it. We don't see anything in there, but of course, the agency has to review that.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Good afternoon. Congratulations on the progress and thanks for taking my question. First, one question on VX-445 and the homozygous data. It did look like there were some liver enzyme elevations in that study. Is there anything to be concerned about there? Or are those rates similar to what you've seen for other agents in the past?
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. So we've looked at the safety, as you can imagine, in great detail. And no, we don't see anything interesting or different there, very much what we've seen with our other trials.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Okay. And then, second on the QD regimen and when it can move forward. Do you have a rough sense of how long the dose exploration that you need to do will take? Is that something that you think you could finish in 2018, or is this possibly a multi-year process?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. We're still in discussions with the agency, and so it's a little too early to give you a precise answer. I think we'll know very soon. And when we do, we'll let you know what the plan is. But most of what we're hearing about is fairly straightforward so far. But until we finalize those discussions, I don't want to give you precise timelines.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, great. Good afternoon. I thought I'd change it off and ask about the CRISPR program for a second. So you've mentioned and I think CRISPR has mentioned that you filed the CTA, you've gotten one approved. It sounds like some are still pending. Can you just talk a little bit about what the next steps are in terms of starting dosing and what items are left pending to get the other CTAs approved and open some more sites?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Matt. This is Jeff. Thanks for the question. Maybe just to give folks a little background. I know you're aware of this. We're actually planning to study CTX001 in two related but different diseases, beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease. Beta-thal, we submitted multiple CTAs, as you mentioned, for beta-thal, one of those has been approved. And we expect to begin dosing later this year for beta-thal in Europe. In the U.S., we are on track to file an IND for sickle cell disease and we'll also file outside the U.S. And again, depending on exactly when we do that, we anticipate starting dosing soon thereafter. So my hope is we'll be dosing in both diseases this year, and that should allow us to start to generate some data in patients.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: As you know, it will likely be the first gene editing trials in people. We're pretty excited about that.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And I would just actually add to it. We are very excited that it's the first gene editing trials in patients. But I'll also say that this one came from a collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics. Part of, let's say expansion and growth opportunity is how we form these collaborations and give us product opportunities, and I just want to say that we're very happy with that collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics, the progress we've made there, and the partnership to progress this opportunity towards the clinic is, pretty exciting for us at this stage in a very different disease than CF.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Shawn Fu - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys, this is Shawn on for Cory. Congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my question. Just another one maybe on the once daily. So understanding that the absolute difference for VX-445 and VX-659 was similar, but when looking at the placebo adjusted data for VX-659, it looks to be quite a bit better, at least on ppFEV1, since the placebo did quite poorly. Maybe if you could just comment on that. And then, did this contribute at all to the decision not to move directly forward with VX-445 in the once daily. Just kind of thinking that given the 240-milligram dose for VX-659 is being used for the other trials, was there maybe a desire to look at the specific dose rather than the 400 before making the final decision in addition to all the things that the FDA is asking for?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, thanks for the question. Actually, as we look at the data, the thing that's impressed us most, Shawn, is the consistency of the data. It's pretty remarkable to me to see four to six different Phase 2 trials with different agents and different combinations that are all generating almost identical results, not only in terms of ppFEV1, by the way, but in terms of sweat chloride, in terms of CFQ-R, et cetera. And it's obviously very important that these are placebo-controlled studies and that we're seeing statistical significance in very small numbers of patient. So I guess, our interpretation is what's remarkable is the consistency across the board between different regimens. We don't see a difference between VX-561. Any of those small differences are really just due to the patient numbers. And so, no, that didn't drive any of our decision-making nor do I believe it drove the FDA's decision-making about how to proceed with VX-561. It's really just a matter of their view that this is a new chemical entity and their desire to have the appropriate early data set before we move into Phase 3 and we'll get that.
Shawn Fu - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then sort of just a modeling question. Can you maybe refresh our memories on the breakdown for the number of residual function patients worldwide? It looks like the number of residual function mutations listed on their KALYDECO and the SYMDEKO labels are about the same, 16 for KALYDECO, 17 for SYMDEKO. So kind of just based on your announcements in conjunction with the approvals for KALYDECO in residual patients, it looks like there should be about 1,500 patients that are currently covered ages 2 plus for KALYDECO in the U.S. Just wondering roughly how many patients is this for SYMDEKO given that this in 12 plus and then how many additional residual function patients are there O-U.S.?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So Shawn, we'll get back to you after the call. You did ask for the  just want to make sure what your ask was. You want to know the total RF patient population. We'll get back to you after the call on that.
Shawn Fu - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dane Leone with BTIG. Your line is open.
Dane Leone - BTIG LLC: Hi. Thank you. Congrats on starting the studies. I wanted to ask kind of follow-up to an earlier question. Regarding the rash appearance generally in your commentary about seeing it in around 13% of patients with KALYDECO. I was just curious, could you elaborate any more in terms of the safety profile that you're seeing with VX-561? And is there any reason to think that the extended half-life of the molecule could exacerbate some of the safety profile that we've seen with KALYDECO? Thank you.
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. So when we looked at the data from VX-561 in either the VX-659 program or the VX-445 program, what we see is real consistency with regard to efficacy as well as a safety profile.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And just to be clear, as Reshma said before, both the incidence and severity of rash are very low here. They're similar to what we've seen with the other medicines. And as you know, that hasn't in any way affected the uptake or utility of those medicines. So we're very pleased with the overall benefit of this profile.
Dane Leone - BTIG LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Gould with UBS. Your line is open.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Congrats on the quarter results and impressive data. I guess two, I guess, for Jeff. Now that you got clarity on the Phase 3 design and entering a little bit more of a execution phase right now, any shift in focus or attention on the BD front? And then just on the VX-445 once a day combo, just the quality of life data, the placebo arm looked a bit anomalous. Maybe you could just add some context around that. The active arm seemed relatively consistent with the prior studies. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, thanks for the questions, both good questions. First one on BD. Really, there isn't a shift. As Ian said in his prepared remarks, we have been accelerating, revving up our BD efforts for the last several years with the same consistent strategy around CF platforms and early-stage transformative products. We continue to look and be very active in that space. You can expect to see us to do more deals similar to the ones that we've done already, say, with a CRISPR or Moderna, Parion, et cetera. And because we have more firepower, we have more flexibility in terms of the size of those deals. And so some of them may be even larger than the ones we've done already. So I don't think there's really a change, but there's certainly a very active effort. It's just part of our focus on diversifying our pipeline beyond CF, both through internal research and external collaborations or acquisitions. Maybe, Reshma, do you want to comment a little on the placebo arm and the CFQ-R?
Reshma Kewalramani - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. So as we looked at the CFQ-R results across VX-659 and VX-445, actually across all the doses that we studied, and in all the populations that we studied, what you see is big double-digit improvements in CFQ-R. In the study, the one VX-445 study, you rightly point out that there's anomaly in the placebo group. In essence, there are two patients that are just plain different and that difference is what drove that CFQ-R value there. But you're right. It's an anomaly and it comes from two patients out of eight, small numbers.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on all the progress. One on the NaV1.8, the VX-150, I just wanted to talk a little bit more about your strategy there. I know you have the data. Where do you plan on presenting it, and how do we think about moving forward in the Phase 3 and commercializing? And then just kind of also, can you just talk about if there's a preference at this point between true M&A or kind of doing more partnerships like you've done in the past. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, this is Jeff, Alethia. Thanks for the questions. With respect to pain, as we said before, we don't really think about pain as one disease. It's multiple diseases that are a little bit different, inflammatory, acute, neuropathics, et cetera. Nor does our pain program have one compound in it. We have VX-150, as you know, for which we have positive data in both OA and in acute pain. We have VX-128, which is a fast follower that we're also very excited about. And I'd also remind you that in pain, both oral formulations and IV formulations are important, particularly for acute pain. So this is sort of a complicated chess game where we have to decide what's the best medicine for the best indication and the best formulation out of our pipeline, which is growing. And the way we're doing that is to do some exploratory studies in Phase 2 in these multiple indications. And I think we should have the data from those later this year and early next year. And that would allow us to make a decision about how to move forward. And I know some folks have asked me, wasn't that going to slow you down, actually assertion would be it's going to actually speed us up, because if we do Phase 2 correctly and we really understand the right dose, right medicine, right disease, and right formulation, it's going to allow us to move much more quickly in Phase 3. And we're particularly excited about that because, obviously, in areas like acute pain, we're sitting in the middle of this horrible opioid epidemic. And if we can demonstrate new oral agents, for example, that have the potency of opioids without the addictive potential, we think there's going to be a very favorable regulatory environment. But we want to make sure we have all the data. We need to take advantage of that.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Alethia, I'll take your second question, which is I'll first say that M&A versus licensing, we just view those as a tactic in terms of execution. And so, as Jeff said earlier, we have three broader strategies in how we think about the outside world to Vertex and that is look at everything in CF to see whether it complements our own approach. Secondly, to have the possibility of expanding our scientific footprint beyond small molecules and maybe beyond gene editing now. And then secondly  thirdly, sorry, what product opportunities are there. And if those product opportunities come in the way of licensing or M&A, again, that's just a tactic of how you incorporate those into the company. To Jeff's comment earlier, also, we do have more capital available today. As you saw in first quarter, we added close to $500 million of capital. We went from $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion of cash. We have no debt. So we do have more capability today to add to our pipeline. The question is also, do you think you're going to get involved in large M&A, and utilization of our own share count? No, we don't believe that. We're focused on more earlier stage, high science ideas. As a company, we have lots of growth in front of us with CF, and that's what our focus is in trying, in terms of driving revenue growth and capital accumulation. And we'll look at earlier stage opportunities in other disease areas.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Operator, this is Michael Partridge, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. And our last question will come from Robyn Karnauskas with Citi. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and don't worry my kids are not in the closet this time.
Unknown Speaker: We look forward to that on every call, Robyn.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I know even though there's bring your kid to work days, I saw that ironic. So I guess, the first question is just a follow-up, where you were asked about what exactly, when will we see the data. You're saying when you complete the study, you'll assess. When you say complete, is that four weeks or could that be 12 or could that even be 24? Just a sense of like what do you find as complete? And how do you keep those placebo patients on the triple placebo for het/min? And the other question I had was, you had a great quarter of SYMDEKO, what are you thinking about in the back end like reasonable assumptions can get you above your guidance. So I was just kind of thinking when you see a great, strong, robust seven weeks of sales, how can you temper expectations going it to the back of the year? And that's the reason why you didn't raise guidance this quarter?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Robyn. I'll echo that I'm glad you didn't lock your kids in the closet again. So firstly to  your first question, just to remind you that the het/min study, which is the lead study with VX-659, our anticipation is that we'll provide you the data based on what we expect to file upon. And so when you look at the design of that study as a four-week efficacy endpoint to the 12-week safety endpoint. So we would want it to run through the 12 weeks because that's the basis of the filing. So you'd anticipate that we would run through that period of at least 12 weeks. We would collect the data. We have to obviously analyze it. And we'll provide a disclosure on the VX-659 study in the het/min patients, which would complete using the four and 12-week data. As to your question regarding revenue expectations, we reiterated our guidance on the call tonight, $2.65 billion to $2.8 billion. We did have a strong first quarter. We've got to see how the year progresses. We have built in growth into that guidance. The main growth, we do anticipate, will come from those markets that we see that are already reimbursed from all three products and the main growth in terms of adding patients we see will be through SYMDEKO. And so we're holding on our guidance at this point in time, and we'll see how the year goes and potential drivers of growth outside our guidance could be getting some of the markets where we're not currently reimbursed, actually reimbursed and launching in those markets, and we'll update you at that time.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Michael Partridge for closing remarks.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thank you, Chelsea. Thank you, everybody for turning in to the call this evening. The Investor Relations team will be available tonight for any follow-up questions that you have. Have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - VP, IR Jeff Leiden - Chairman & CEO Jeff Chodakewitz - CMO Ian Smith - COO Stuart Arbuckle - CCO Tom Graney - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Michael Yee - Jefferies Geoff Meacham - Barclays Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan Brian Skorney - Robert Baird Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Neil Carnahan - Stifel Carter Gould - UBS Navin Jacob - Deutsche Bank
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. We're pleased to be able to talk with you tonight about our Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results for 2017 and about our continued progress with the long-term leadership in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer will join us for Q&A. We recommend that you access the webcast slide as a supplement to the information from today's press release. These slides are available for download on the Investor Relations Page on our website. This conference call is being recorded and a replay will be available on our website. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including without limitation those regarding the ongoing development and financial commercialization of any combination management of cystic fibrosis, Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs, and Vertex's future financial performance, are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening everyone. Today is a special day for everyone at Vertex and for the CF community, as it marks the sixth anniversary of the FDA approval for our first CF medicine KALYDECO. When KALYDECO was first approved in 2012, only 1,200 people worldwide were eligible for medicine to treat the underlying cause of their decease. Today, the number of people eligible for one of our CF medicines has grown to 34,000 worldwide and we will continue to expand the number of eligible patients in 2018, and beyond. In the past few years, and especially in 2017, we have made remarkable scientific progress that has moved us closer to achieving our ultimate goal in CF. We developed highly effective medicines for all people with the decease. In today's announcement that we have selected two next-generation correctors to advance into Phase 3 development as part of two different triple combination regimens, we've taken a significant step towards achieving that goal. I'd like to begin by acknowledging everyone who has helped to bring us to this important milestone in our more than 15 year journey to develop new CF medicine. I would especially like to thank the patience, families, and CF caregivers, for their unwavering support, as well as employees at Vertex for their commitment to this program. The data announced today are remarkable and demonstrate the potential for significant and consistent clinical benefits in patients with one F508del mutation and a minimal function mutation when treated with a triple combination regimen containing either VX-659 or VX-445. We remain focused on bringing forward the best triple combination regimen to patients as quickly as possible. Based upon the totality of the data collected today from four different triple combination regimens, and more than 200 people with CF, we believe that both the VX-659 and VX-445 regimens have highly compelling profiles for late-stage development. Therefore we have decided to advance both regimens into Phase 3, one of which we plan to evaluate at a once-daily regimen. We're having productive discussions with the FDA regarding Phase 3 programs for both triple combination regimens. We look forward to finalizing the design of these programs and remain on track to begin the first Phase 3 studies of a triple combination regimen in the first half of this year. As I look back over the past year, we had made tremendous progress across all parts of our business and have positioned the company for further success. We continue to increase the number of patients eligible for and treated with our approved medicine which is driving significant revenue. We expect this revenue growth to continue which will in turn also drive significant earnings growth. We reported positive Phase 3 data for the combination of tezacaftor and ivacaftor and are awaiting FDA approval for this important new treatment option which will be a significant contributor to revenue growth beginning this year. The day we provided further hope for those still awaiting a new medicine, the cause of their CF with the selection of two next-generation correctors to move into Phase 3 development as part of triple combination regimen. And beyond CF we are preparing to begin clinical development of CTX001 in two devastating disease Beta Thalassemia and Sickle cell disease, with our partner CRISPR Therapeutics. We also expect to move one or more potential medicines from our internal research programs into clinical development in other diseases this year. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress over the coming year and will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz to review today's announcement in more detail.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening. I'm very pleased to share the initial results from the ongoing Phase 2 studies of the VX-659 and VX-445 triple combination regimen and to review our plans to advance these two different triple combination regimens into Phase 3 development. The initial Phase 2 data reported today are extraordinary from both an efficacy and safety perspective. Collectively, our Phase 2 studies in more than 200 CF patients provide compelling evidence of the significant clinical benefit that triple combinations may provide the CF patients. All four of our next-generation correctors were advanced into development out of our own labs based not only on their in vitro efficacy profile, but also on their drug like property, including PK profiles, minimal drug interaction potential, ability to be co-formulated with tezacaftor and ivacaftor and others. All of the Phase 2 data generated to-date has validated the rigorous selection criteria we use. We are today reporting top-line safety and tolerability data as well as efficacy information as measured by mean absolute within group change and percent predicted FEV1, sweat chloride, and CFQR data for the patients with a minimal function mutation from each study. First to the Phase 2 data for the VX-659 triple regimen. This study evaluated VX-659 in combination with tezacaftor and ivacaftor or triple placebo for four weeks. 53 patients received one of three doses of VX-659 in combination with tezacaftor and ivacaftor. Across the study the combination was generally well tolerated and the overall safety profile was favorable. The majority of adverse events were considered mild or moderate. There were no discontinuations due to adverse events. One patient interrupted triple combination dosing due to a rash which resolved following interruption of treatment. The patient restarted and completed triple combination dosing without any further rash. In the patients who received this triple combination, we observed significant improvements in lung function of 10.2, 11.6, and 13.3 percentage points across the three dose groups that were evident by the second week of the treatment period and sustained through the four-week dosing period. These data are shown on Slide 10. With sweat chloride, we saw significant decreases of 45.8, 43.7, and 51.4 millimol per liter for the triple combination dose groups. These were the largest decreases in sweat chloride observed for any of our triple combination regimens to-date, these data are shown on Slide 11. We also observed significant improvements in patient reported respiratory symptoms of 24.6, 19.8, and 21.8 points for those on the triple combination regimen as reported in the CFQR respiratory domain score, these data are shown on Slide 12. I will now turn to the Phase 2 data for the VX-445 triple regimen. This study evaluated VX-445 in combination with tezacaftor and ivacaftor or triple placebo for four weeks. 53 patients received one of three doses of VX-445 in combination with tezacaftor and ivacaftor. Across the study, the combination was generally well tolerated and the overall safety profile was favorable. The majority of adverse events were considered mild or moderate. There were two discontinuations from the treatment groups due to adverse events and none in the placebo group. The treatment discontinuations occurred in the VX-445 100 milligram dose group. One of the treatment discontinuations was due to increased bilirubin with concomitant transaminase elevation which was observed on the final day of dosing. The patients' bilirubin levels returned to baseline during the safety follow-up period after discontinuation of treatment. The second discontinuation was due to rash and following discontinuation of treatment the rash resolved. In those who received the VX-445 triple combination regimen we observed significant improvements in lung function of 11.1, 7.8, and 13.8 percentage points that were evident by the second week of the treatment period and sustained through the four-week dosing period, these data are shown on Slide 15. With sweat chloride, we saw significant decreases of 38.2, 33.2, and 39.1 millimol per liter for the triple combination dose groups, these data are shown on Slide 16. We also observed significant improvements in patients reported respiratory symptoms of 20.8, 15.4, and 25.7 points for those on the triple combination regimens as reported in the CFQR respiratory domain score, these data are shown on Slide 17. I would also note that we conducted post dose spirometry evaluations for both of the triple combination regimens in these studies. And so no evidence with Bronco construction. The Phase 2 studies of the VX-659 and VX-445 triple combination regimens are currently ongoing in patients with two F508del mutations. An additional part of each study is evaluating a potential once daily regimen that contains the once daily potentiator VX-561 in place of twice daily ivacaftor in patients with one F508del mutation and one minimal function mutation. These parts of the studies are fully enrolled and the remaining data from each of the Phase 2 studies are expected in the first half of 2018. Data from across our portfolio of next-generation correctors received to-date show that the potential benefits of treating the cause of CF with triple combination regimens are clear, and support the rapid advancement of the VX-659 and VX-445 triple combination regimens into Phase 3 development. Our strategy of advancing both VX-659 and VX-445 into Phase 3 gives us the opportunity to generate data from two different triple combination regimens, including one that maybe dosed once daily and picked the best regimen to bring to patients as quickly as possible. Our discussions with the FDA regarding our Phase 3 program for triple combination regimens have been productive and we have already shared with the FDA the available data for the VX-659 and VX-445 triple combination regimen. We are now focused on finalizing the design of the Phase 3 programs and we remain on track to initiate the first Phase 3 program in the first half of 2018, upon completion of these discussions. We plan to conduct two separate studies for each triple combination regimen, a study of each regimen in people with CF who have one F508del mutation, and one minimal function mutation, and a study in those with two F508del mutation. Following the initiation of the Phase 3 studies with the VX-659 triple combination regimen in the first half of 2018, we plan to initiate the Phase 3 studies for the VX-445 triple regimen in the middle of the year. We plan to evaluate VX-445 in combination with tezacaftor and the once daily potentiater VX-561 as a potential once daily triple combination regimen, pending the Phase 2 data for this regimen, and also the completion of a long-term non-clinical toxicology studies for VX-445. In addition to evaluating each triple combination regimen in the studies I just discussed we also plan to evaluate each of these triple combination regimen in patients who have one F508del mutation and a second gating or residual function mutation. These studies are planned to begin in the second half of 2018. Once our FDA discussions are complete, we look forward to updating you with more details regarding the specific designs of the study. Before I close, I'd like to thank everyone who took part in these studies for their commitment to helping us advance the treatment CF. I'll now turn the call to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. 2017 was an outstanding year for Vertex and tonight I'm pleased to review our fourth quarter 2017 financials, and our 2018 full-year financial guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A trends. Revenues first. Total CF product revenues of $621 million in the fourth quarter 2017 represented 37% increase compared to $454 million we recorded in the fourth quarter 2016. Our product revenues grew each quarter throughout 2017, as we increased the number of patients treated with our approved medicine. Today, we estimate we have initiated therapy in over 17,000 of the 34,000 patients eligible for our medicine. We expect eligibility and the number of patients we treat to continue to grow throughout 2018. ORKAMBI we reported fourth quarter 2017 product revenues of $365 million, 32% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. The growth in 2017 was driven by the continued uptake of the medicine globally, particularly in children ages 6 to 11 in the U.S. Fourth quarter 2017 KALYDECO revenues were $206 million, a 44% increase compared to the fourth quarter 2016. This significant growth in 2017 was driven by the rapid uptake of the medicine by patients in the U.S. with residual function mutation following the label expansion of these patients in mid 2017. Our fourth quarter 2017 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $355 million compared to $295 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. This increase was primarily due to the continued acceleration and advancement of our portfolio of triple combination regimens with CF and the investments to support the treatment of patients with our medicines globally. Non-GAAP net profit for the fourth quarter 2017 was $158 million compared to non-GAAP net profit of $88 million for the fourth quarter 2016. The increase in non-GAAP net profit was largely driven by the strong growth in total CF product revenue. Our financial performance in 2017 has resulted in a full year non-GAAP operating margins of 26% compared to 17% for the full-year of 2016. And as we continue to increase the number of patients that we treat with our medicines we expect our operating margins to continue to expand in the future. We also strengthened our balance sheet during the year, as we ended 2017 with approximately $2.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities compared to $1.4 billion at the beginning of the year. This increased cash position was after we paid down $300 million in the first quarter 2017 that was outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Now turning to guidance. We today provided financial guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses. As we have stated previously, we expect to provide 2018 revenue guidance when we received FDA approval for the tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination. The FDA action date is February 28, 2018. When we provide revenue guidance it will be for total CF product revenues and will not include guidance for individual products. We do expect significant CF product revenue growth in 2018, driven by the launch of tezacaftor/ivacaftor in the U.S for eligible patients 12 and older and who treat more patients with ORKAMBI in countries outside the U.S. As we think about the first quarter 2018, we anticipate revenues will be impacted by higher gross to net revenue adjustments that we experienced in the first quarter of each year and by channel inventory build that occurred in the fourth quarter 2017. Now to operating expenses. In 2018, we expect combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.5 billion to $1.55 billion. The key investment drivers are the execution of pivotal studies for two triple combination regimens, supply chain investment for the potential commercial success of the triple combination regimen, and incremental investment to support the planned launch of tezacaftor/ivacaftor. As we anticipate our revenue growth will significantly exceed the increase in our operating expenses, we do expect operating margins and earnings to continue to expand in 2018. 2017 was a transformative year for Vertex and the continued execution across all parts of our business has positioned us to deliver sustainable revenue and earnings growth, as we significantly increase the number of patients we treat with our medicine. With that, I will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Leerink. Your question please.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much and congratulations guys on the expected results and the spectacular Phase 2 data. I was particularly struck by one number which was a 51% sweat chloride response which was quite remarkable. Perhaps Jeff could you comment a little bit about what appears to be the difference between 51% and 39% sweat chloride response and is that suggesting to you that 659 might be a little bit more active and potent? And then, could you also comment on why no 561 plan with 659 since it looks as though 659 is a little bit cleaner, a little bit more active, why wouldn't you want to be planning on doing a 561 combination? Thanks. Appreciate it.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, Geoff, this is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for both questions. Let me answer the second one first actually its really a strategic portfolio question. And I just remind you that our approach here is to make sure that we get the best regimen to these patients as quickly as possible. And that's one reason we're taking two regimens forward into Phase 3 because as you pointed out both of them look really quite good, both of them are -- in fact all four of our regimens we feel showed results that were certainly significant enough to take into Phase 3. But we're taking two forward because that's one way of modifying one risk and that's the risk of some rare off target toxicity due to the next-gen corrector in one of these regimens and obviously by taking two forward, we mitigate that risk. And then to your question why take one forward with Iva, one forward potentially with VI and I say potentially because we still need to confirm that with our VX-561 results and that is our plan to take 6594 with Iva and if it's supported by the data 445 with VI, but. And the reason is the same it's a way of mitigating risk, right. VI although is obviously very similar to Iva, is a different chemical compound. We have only seen it in tens or less than 100 patients. And so I would hate to put all my eggs in that basket and find out there is some very rare tolerability or safety issue with the Iva that would set both programs back. So mitigate that risk and the way we feel better about that is let's assume that at the end of the day, we decide VX-659 and Iva as the best regimen that's the one we're going to take forward and commercialize. We have the opportunity we believe to quickly bridge over to VX-6561 into a once a day regimen simply with some bioequivalent type of data. And so I think we're just trying to use a portfolio approach to hedge both of those risks and we have a strategy for eventually getting to that once a day regimen whether it's 659 or 445, it turns out to be the winner at the end of the day.
Geoffrey Porges: Great, thanks Jeff. And anything in the difference between the sweat chloride and the FEV1?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, so thanks for pointing sweat chloride. As you know, we always talk about FEV1 and sort of sometimes nor a sweat chloride. One of the things that's really impressed to me about the next-gen data in general is the sweat chloride drops we are seeing. Remember this is an augmentation the most difficult to treat patients with only one 508 allele and we're seeing 40 to 50 and north of 50 millimol drops of sweat chloride which is truly remarkable. And I think it suggests that we are really very effectively getting at the underlying cause of this disease which is what is so reassuring about the consistency of all these data. I don't think there are differences honestly between 40 and 50 millimol in this number of patients' that we put ahead on if they're both really profound. And I would just remind you with respect to picking regimens, it's really not any one value, it's not just sweat chloride, it's not just the FEV1 response, it's the totality of the profiles. The good news is they all look very, very good. So we are picking a bit between sirloin steak and filet mignon here but it will take these in the end to take the winner based upon the totality of the profile, both efficacy and safety, tolerability.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your question please.
Michael Yee: Thanks for the question and congrats on all the announcement of data today, it's two part question. First was maybe just comment on the dose response and the tolerability profile of the two programs, it seems like there's sort of a dose response but also maybe not really clinically meaningful? And then the second part of that is maybe just comment on the Bilirubin case and then as it relates to the Phase 3 design rather than ask about the duration of efficacy of Phase 3 maybe just remind us what's the precedent is for filing on duration of safety and how much safety you would need to file these types of things or win these types of things? Thanks so much.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks Mike. I'll answer the first part on the tolerability of dose response, maybe Jeff can talk to the Bilirubin, and I will come back and talk about safety and timing question there. First of all with respect to dose response, again one of the things that's very impressive to me is we look at four regimens, we look at multiple doses, and we look at that totality across those four regimens they did remarkably well to hey considering we are talking about 20, 22, 40, 50 patient study. I mean every case but one that will come back to is a pretty clear dose response whether you're looking at sweat chloride, whether you're looking at FEV1. So the compounds are quite well behaving that way. The one outlier which I think you're pointing out is the 100 milligrams dose of the 445 in which the FEV1 response and sweat chloride response look pretty similar to the 50 milligram dose. And then when you go up to 200, you see the jump again. So we were interested in that trying to understand it and of course what we are really interested in the end is the exposure response, right, not just the dose response. And so we went back and we looked at exposures in that -- in all the studies but in particularly that one and what you see is interesting if you look at the 50 and 100 milligram doses of 445 the exposures are quite overlapping and the FEV1 and sweat chloride, sweat chloride is quite overlapping, if you look at those confidence intervals. When you move up to 200, you see a clear differentiation a jump in exposure and you see a clear jump in FEV1 and sweat chloride. And so actually 445 turns out to be well behaved too as long as you are looking to relevant thing which is exposure versus response. And with respect to tolerability I will let Jeff talk about Bilirubin in a second. One of the things here that is very reassuring is that across all the doses, we are seeing excellent tolerability. There is really no evidence of a dose or exposure tolerability pattern or problem here with any one of these compounds which is what makes us feel good about the therapeutic index or window, it's going to make it I think easier for us to go in and look at these doses and pick the best doses for each compound which we will between the process of doing. Now maybe Jeff on the tolerability?
Jeff Chodakewitz: Sure. I do think that consistency across the dose range is really very, very telling. Mike in terms of your specific question on Bilirubin, I think the really key point here is that this was an isolated finding. There were no evidence of transaminate elevations or any other findings about the liver as you heard actually with interruption that rapidly resolved and the one patient actually restarted and continued on without any further elevation. So that's really a pattern that isn't clinically concerning. So we don't see it as an issue.
Jeff Leiden: And then finally, your duration of Safety day question, as you know, we dont really speculate on that's an FDA or European Regulator decision at the end of the day. I can point you to our just some of our historical data where we've been between six months and a year of safety data in most of these studies, but these are the sessions were having with FDA. I think the important point is this is a medicine, these medicines would be things are asking children to take for the rest of their lives. And so we do want to make sure that we have a complete safety dataset that we're comfortable with and that regulators are comfortable with. And it will be that efficacy, the ratio of course of efficacy and safety at the end of the day will be the decision making.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your question please.
Geoff Meacham: Hi guys, thanks for the question. I also wanted to offer my congrats. Just ask two questions a little bit different way, I know the goal here ultimately is to maximize FEV1, but it's also obviously to get to a positive risk benefit as quickly as possible. So how do you guys balance those two and what do you think the upper end of an FEV1 could be. I'm just trying to think down the road competitively when you have perhaps new therapy or other combination available in development? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Let me answer they are a bit related, Geoff. So first of all just to be clear while FEV1 is an important indicator of acute benefit, our goal is actually bigger than that and we measure efficacy in this disease not only by FEV1 but by long-term efficacy results that we have been seeing very clearly with both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and that includes decreases in the slope of the decline of the lung function curve, it includes hospitalization, pulmonary exacerbation, IV antibiotics all which are very favorably impacted by both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. And at the end of the day it's really the combination of what the acute response you can get what all of those chronic things that we would create as success to CF. And that's particularly true as you move back to the younger age patients. Remember there may be and likely will be a ceiling on acute FEV1 in a 30-year-old patient who starts with an FEV1 at 50 because they have a fair amount of structural lung disease and you are not going to be able to reverse that. It's a very different story in a young two-year-old or one-year-old who is starting with an FEV1 at 95 or 100 and you are really trying to do something different there, you are trying to prevent the disease or modify the course of the disease and that of course is our ultimate goal. So acute FEV1 is one measurement, it depends a little bit on who you are treating as to what the ceiling will be, I don't think we have explored yet fully that ceiling, one of the things we want to do. But I do want to be really clear that the long-term goal is much more than acute FEV1, it's really modifying the course of the disease long-term, as measured by all the things that I just told you about. One of the reasons we want to look at that with the triple is this maybe the last time that anyone can do a placebo-controlled trial of a CFTR modulating therapy and obviously those longer-term endpoints are going to be very, very useful and very interesting and important I think for us to measure.
Geoff Meacham: And Jeff just as a follow-up to that as you guys have great technology looking at cellular assays and pulmonary assays, I mean what's the once you get into the clinic with these Phase 3s what is the interest or focus level on getting some proof-of-concept data and things like IVF or COPD or something pulmonary but not quite CF or have you guys not gone down that path yet?
Jeff Leiden: Yes. I thought you're going to actually ask me a different question. I thought you're going to ask me are you still going to work on getting better correctors. So let me answer that question and the answer is yes. And the reason is because we know from sort of an experiment of nature that if you are a carrier and which means you have one mutation, but a normal allele, you have chloride transport in yourselves of about 80% of normal somewhere right around there. And we know you don't get the disease. And so if we can drive everybody to carriers' data with a triple regimen and we are getting pretty close with some of these regimens now, we believe and treat early that we can actually turn patients into carriers which of course is the ultimate goal. So we are going to continue to work on better and better next-gen correctors because were seeing that we can still up the efficacy. With respect to IVF and COPD, we are totally focused here on finishing the journey in CF right now. We want to get these triples to everybody who has one 508 or two 508 alleles and that's going to be plenty of work over the next couple of years and when we finish that journey of course we will consider other things that we might use these medicines for. But right now we are pretty focused on CF.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Your question please.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Maybe I would add my congratulations on good data in the quarter, first scientific one then a financial one. On the scientific side you mentioned that the compounds are well tolerated but you did note some pulmonary type side effects in the adverse events. Can you talk a little bit about the characteristic of those pulmonary side effects, were those kind of like where you have seen with KALYDECO where its clear that the lungs have been cleared and that's what gives rise to the sputum and coughing or are they were different characterization?
Jeff Chodakewitz: So thanks, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. No I think you have it exactly right that in fact it was things like cough and sputum clear that really they reported as adverse events but we actually think of them almost as a marker potential effects of the underlying pharmacology that we're trying to get. So that's really the way. I would say just one other comment that we look very specifically as we mentioned in the prepared remarks right from the beginning in these studies to be -- to look for any kind of post-dosing decreases in FEV1. We've got all that data and there is nothing there. So its the pattern is exactly what you're describing.
Phil Nadeau: Okay. Then second one on the side effects you mentioned that there is really nothing concerning about the Bilirubin or rash. Was there anything confounding in those patients that could have giving rise to those side effects that was not trigger-related?
Jeff Leiden: No. You have to remember, which is a good thing, very small numbers of people with any of these adverse events we're talking about. I think to say were there any other confounders I think its really too early to tell. But again the important thing is that they were generally mild to moderate, they resolve quickly, and as we told you the safety profile very favorable.
Phil Nadeau: Great, thanks. And Ian one last question for you on finances. I know you are not going to give guidance until tez/iva is approved hopefully next month. Could you give us some general sense about how you feel about the current consensus estimates for 2018 based on my math, you seem to assume about 9% year-over-year growth versus Q4's run rate. Is that the same kind of reasonable; can you discuss maybe what the drivers of growth will be for the franchise in 2018?
Ian Smith: Sure. Thanks for the question, Phil. When you look at consensus coming to the call even though we won't any give guidance we thought that question may come up. And so firstly I would say that the number that we see in the consensus for 2018 does reflect growth which is consistent with how we think about 2018. Obviously we are waiting on the approval of tez/iva that will be the major growth factor of the 2018 revenue line. And so as we look at that consensus number we like where it is, it's consistent with how were thinking about it, we will give you greater clarity once we get the approval in tez/iva. I would take this opportunity to remind those who are on the call, that it is our intent to give 2018 revenue guidance but it would be a total CF revenue guidance. With the approval of tez/iva we should see switches from ORKAMBI to tez/iva, we should see going from KALYDECO to tez/iva. So for us the guidance will be a total CF revenues. And then also consistent with some of my remarks, I made on the prepared remarks, I would just ask people to work with our IR Group after the call to think about the models through the year. Q1 we do anticipate being affected by the inventory build that would have occurred in Q4 of 2017, although we're still committed to a growth area driven by the approval of tez/iva.
Phil Nadeau: That's helpful. Could you give us sense of the size of that inventory build?
Ian Smith: Yes, but it wasn't very big, but I'll give you comment on the nature of it. So in the U.S. given how the New Year felt there was some inventory stocking in the U.S. and overseas there was some forward buying around Europe that would not normally have occurred in Q1 that was actually pulled forward into Q4. The size of it, it's around $10 million to $15 million. So if you think about how that gets pulled into Q4, it's has a double impact in terms of helping Q4, but offsetting in Q1. Obviously we still have a great Q4 number so the demand is strong more, more patients are going on drug and compliance is good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young from Credit Suisse. Your question please.
Alethia Young: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the very, very telling data maybe we'll start with a triple. Just when you talk about European reimbursement and the portfolio deals, do you think the long-term data that you're kind of generating overtime in real world experience will drive this combinations or is the kind of combination of all things? And then the second question is just as far as the sickle cell program with CRISPR what is the most step may be taken in the U.S. for an IND filing and can you give us any updated thoughts around design things?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Alethia it's Stuart here. I'll take the first question and then Jeff Leiden will take the question on sickle cell so. I think one of the driving factors between but behind governments being interested in these portfolio arrangements is the rapid progress they can see that we are making in developing treatments that treat the underlying course of the disease in up in 90% of patients. And so yes that's been one of the most compelling things to governments around the worldwide they've been interested because they can see the rate of progress we're making in and just how good the results are that we're seeing in these patients. So that's been a certainly a very strong drive to them wanting to talk about portfolio type arrangements.
Jeff Chodakewitz: And its Jeff Chodakewitz just quick follow-up on the sickle cell. As you know we commented we filed the -- with CRISPR, the CTA for beta thalassemia, at the very end of 2018. We're in process with CRISPR of putting together that IND and we expect to file that IND during this year and then will be looking to initiate those studies in people with both sickle cell and Beta thalassemia. Exactly when that will happen and the timing we're going to have to be further along in that process and then we'll be able to give you a better sense.
Alethia Young: Just follow-up on that I mean is there any kind of different conversation around bringing these programs into the clients between U.S. and Europe?
Jeff Leiden: The Beta thalassemia program will be done Europe and the sickle cell will program will be done primarily in the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Ying Huang: Hi, thanks for taking questions. Congrats on the quarter. Maybe can I ask to you little bit differently on the FDA requirement on the Phase 3 given the data you have seen so far including today's efficacy in Phase 2 as well as the Phase 2 designation, do you guys think the FDA will require the same amount of safety data as well as same duration for efficacy analysis in the Phase 3. And then also on rash and bilirubin, did that happen in the lower dose or higher dose of those two trials. Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, its Jeff Leiden Ill answer your first question. And I think we learned a lot about during these CF trials as the FDAs as we worked together over the last six or seven years through a number of different medicine. As you know, as an example we tend to see the full FEV1 effects within 48 weeks and everything that we're seeing here suggest that is going to be true as well. So I think that in general the efficacy time points can be on the shorter side, in other words, you don't need six months on your data. On the other hand safety is obviously very important here as well and you dont get a read on safety data in four weeks or eight weeks, so its likely going to be longer and thats exactly what were discussing now which is what is the length of each one of those endpoints and in particular that safety database, how big should it be and how long should it be as soon as we know that we will let you know.
Jeff Chodakewitz: And its Jeff Chodakewitz in terms of your question about dose actually with mixed across doses and so -- and an exposure there was no real linkage.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Your questions please.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the question. May be two for me just I was wondering at a high level if you can just give us some framework for how to think about teza/iva pricing, what are some of the key inputs. And then as we see the data today again does this change that discussion at all as you guys think about potential pricing? And then on the triple combo Phase 3 program and homozygous patients is will it definitely include a control arm and what will that control arm will be, can you tell us at the point? Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Terence, on tez/iva pricing obviously not going to comment specifically on it, we'll do that at the point that we get approval from the regulators. But in terms of the considerations we're taking into account they really are the same as we've taken into account consistently for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and that is the magnitude of the clinical benefit that we are able to deliver. And as you know, we believe weve got a very strong profile with the tezacaftor/ivacaftor and then consideration is the size of the patient population we're going to able to benefit. We will be taking those same considerations into account when we come to making the pricing decision on tez/iva pending regulatory approval.
Jeff Chodakewitz: With respect to the homozygous trial we're still discussing that but will there be a control on almost certainly yes. And at that point remember most of these homozygous patients will be on either on ORKAMBI or tezacaftor/ ivacaftor and so it will likely not be a placebo control on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Brian Abrahams: Hey guys thanks for taking my questions and my congratulations on the data and the quarter as well. On the triple I guess Im wondering broadly speaking what primarily drove your selection of these next-generation correctors over 440 and 152 and what did you see with the additional dosing of 152 and could 152 and 440 still service as backups? And then on the Phase 3 plans I know these are still under discussion but just wondering if the right way to think about this is for the het/mins group to potential, for het/mins potentially upcoming through first just given the unmet need and possibly different regulatory barb as to homozygous or should we expect those to sort of follow through concurrently. Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, so with respect to -- this is Jeff again -- Jeff Ledien again. With respect to choosing between the four different regimens I mean those really totality of the data and that means the acute FEV1 and sweat chloride on the efficacy side, certainly the tolerability and safety profiles on the other side, but some additional factors as well co-formidability the dose that we need to give and could we get that in one pill manufacturability all those went into the decision. As I said that it was little bit of a hard decision they were all quite good. We could have taken any of them into Phase 3 and thats obviously a good problem to have, but there were some differences. I'll give you one just as an example 659 and 445 have potentially to be once a day whereas 152 and 440 were clearly going to a twice a day. Well once a day in our mind is an advantage should put a check in that box 440 in it's preclinical data, as you know, had some 659 and 445 didn't, so you can put a check in that box on the side of 659 and 445. As we went down the whole list of benefit and efficacy standpoint safety and tolerability co-formidability and manufacturability these two went out, it was a little bit of horse race, they went out by 10 lanes, but we feel that they have the best overall profile from an efficacy, safety, and formulation standpoint. And then your other question was about het/mins versus homozygous. I just want to step back and remind you again that we believe the data that we have strongly supports the notion that these triple should be used in any one who has one 508 or two 508 alleles in het/mins or homozygous and our plan has to pursue a clinical course to make sure that we get that done as quickly as possible. You're absolutely right that the het/mins has the biggest unmet need because today they don't have any CFTR modulation. But I would also remind you that when we looked at the triples in the homozygous patients that was a very, very significant incremental effect on FEV1 when you add an next-gen corrector to tezacaftor/ivacaftor. And so while the acute need may not be as great we feel that the benefit may be every bit as great in those patients so we dont want to leave any patients behind or slowdown in one of these populations and were just talking with regulators about how do we get that done most effectively and most quickly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. I guess I just wanted to ask one follow-up on safety tolerability here you saw some rash across both studies you commented before about GI tacts I guess what I was wondering is can you just talk us a little bit about some of the clinical side effects youve seen versus what youve seen preclinical with these components and do they match up at all? And I guess the basis for the question is pre-clinically you some of the chest patients before with ORKAMBI and then I was unclear you didnt see it at a high frequency in some of the initial studies, so Im just trying to understand your comfort around some of these issues? Thanks.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Hey its Jeff Chodakewitz. Maybe a couple of comments. One at a big picture, I think that the adverse events profile that we have talked about tonight I hope it comes through that no matter how you look at it, whether you look at SAEs clinically, labs all those things it's a profile from both of these regimen is actually very favorable and that's great combining with the efficacy were really excited about moving them forward. There is really nothing that particularly standout we try to give you a sense of the information. I do want to go to your question and the comment about Bronchoconstriction that was actually something that we saw clinically in ORKAMBI and that's why I wanted to be sure we highlighted that even though we had no expectations about it. We think we dont see it in tezacaftor/ivacaftor, we did look for it very specifically in our Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies and there was no evidence of that. So we feel very good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from J.P. Morgan. Your question please.
Cory Kasimov: Hey good afternoon guys and thanks for taking my questions. I guess I would want to ask the question regarding potential duration of the Phase 3 studies another way, I'm curious if its possible if there could be different durations from the standpoint of the tez/iva safety data, you've already amassed relative to Tez 561. So might the first one be shorter from that standpoint? And then my second question I apologize if I missed there already on todays call but how should we be thinking about the companys tax rate in 2018 and beyond given the tax reform, thanks.
Jeff Leiden: No with respect to your first question Cory, in terms of tez/iva and how does that influence the duration here. The clean finding that we have seen with tez/iva are certainly major deriskers of the safety profile of the triple but as in any combination when you add a new agent, the key is what about the new agent that what drives the length and size of the safety database. And that won't be affected by the fact that tez/iva turns out to be very good -- of a very favorable safety and tolerability profile. So the discussion is really about we have a new combination with a completely new agent basically two of them 659 and 445 what's the appropriate safety database timing and duration to look at that new combination.
Tom Graney: And Cory on the taxes kind of just walk you through this. First of all I remind you that we do have operating losses within the U.S. so as we create profits right now those operating losses offset those profits. So we have minimal tax liability, minimal cash tax liability. And at this point we are not recording an effective tax liability either. As we work through those NOLs and we get and the accounting allows for, we will stop reporting in tax and pay taxes. And we had set up our tax structure within the company that matches our global operations and that actually results in having a tax rate that would be in the low 20s once we start to pay. And so we have been benefited like many other companies that have a U.S. presence with the tax reform and the lowering of the domestic tax rate but that benefit is smaller because we also accumulate profits outside of the U.S. as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Skorney from Robert Baird. Your question please.
Brian Skorney: Hey good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just based on your commentary around plans to start pivotal programs for 440 and 152 should we take I dont understand that you have now completed chronic talks at this point and is there anything to speak of there and can you comment on what species and duration you have seen and what, if any, end organ talks there is?
Jeff Leiden: Brian could we just clarify the question, you asked about 440 and 152, could you --
Brian Skorney: Sorry, sorry.
Jeff Leiden: So could you just reask the question again?
Brian Skorney: Yes, yes sorry, so on the two new ones, I was wondering your chronic talks is it now complete, is there anything in terms of what youve seen in pre-clinic studies how long have you gone out and what end organ parts are you seeing for those two outlets?
Jeff Leiden: So the chronic talk is complete for 659 and was nothing there that in anyway affected our plants take it forward to Phase 3. The chronic talks for 445 is not yet complete but it will be very shortly.
Brian Skorney: And then just also want to confirm on the go-forward strategy of combining 659 with ORKAMBI. This is a risk mitigation strategy for 561 right. There is no concern about it acuity or you looking at as acuity drug on top of tez/iva in Phase 3?
Jeff Leiden: Yes correct. So this is all about KALYDECO being twice a day both 659 and 445 have clear once a day PK profile.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Citigroup. Your question please.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question and congratulations with I dont know why whenever we have great data, I'm working from home and my children with candy and consider to take on this call unlike last time. So I just want to ask --
Jeff Leiden: So do you have any questions, we are happy to take those two Robyn no problem?
Robyn Karnauskas: They are really expanding right now, they're lost to deposits.
Jeff Leiden: You shouldn't have said that on a public call.
Robyn Karnauskas: I shouldn't have said that on a public call. So I want to ask -- a big picture question for you. So even waiting for the state, I'm sure for like a long time and this is clearly remarkable, so exciting. When you think about your company big picture now knowing this data, knowing likely that Phase 3 could replicate this, you have two goals. How do you run the company differently does it change your -- you just gave the guidance M&A $1 million to go out and size up the deal? And secondly how you start planning for converting results? Do you -- everyone is going to go on this sort of eventually, what you do now to make that conversion fast once the sales are done?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, great questions, good questions that we ask ourselves and we are working on for a little while now certainly as we see this data, they become quite relevant as you point out. I will sort of I will give you my impression and how I think about it rather than I hope my management team agrees. First of all we need to finish this journey in CF and as you point out that is largely an execution task where we need to move as quickly as possible to get these Phase 3 up and running fully enrolled, get the data out there, and when we finish this journey for 90% of CF patients. And that's a very responsibility; we take very seriously for this community. As I said, we continue to work on even better next-gen connectors, at some point we need to make a decision about whether when to take those into clinics it's a good carrier like effects for everybody. And as we said before there is still 10% of patients with CF who wont be amendable do a CFTR modulatory therapies because they have minimal soft comedones they dont have any protein and those patients are going to need generic approach and we are working on that as well although we feel that that is considerably further out. So the first mission was finished the journey in CF, see if we can get some generic therapies for 10% of patients and really just change the course of this disease or prevent this disease. The second part of the journey is what's beyond CF. Can we do this again? And as I said at JPMorgan, I sometimes get after the question well why do you think you can do this in another disease you're sort of CF company and sort of why we start to invest in other diseases and my answer is we have already done perform many times in this company, so starting with HIV or an HCV, oncology, fluid you may seen some of the news about the fluid compound in the release today, its obviously now with CF multiple times. So this is a company that has a very special innovation engine and can create -- can create these kinds of breakthrough drugs and although we havent talked about it as you know we have been working on that in four or five diseases including sickle cells and AAT and [indiscernible] or more ones, some others that weve been talking, starting to talk about, those are moving on very nicely. So we want to use some of the revenue we have here to reinvest in our internal search programs. And then also we want to use this because as you plan out we will have a lot of financial firepower to supplement our innovation through external BD kinds of programs of many flavors. You've seen us do CRISPR; you've seen us do Moderna. You will see more of those deals and you could see some bigger ones but still focused around the same strategy, making transformative drugs for serious diseases of specialty markets, expanding our therapeutic modality capabilities and to things like gene editing and gene therapy and other kinds of modalities and supplementing our early stage pipeline. And so that's really the plan in many ways the strategy has gotten simpler, it's gotten to be more execution, we are really pleased with the way the team executes and is why we feel so confident about the future of the company.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Walsh from Stifel. Your question please.
Neil Carnahan: Hey guys, this is Neil on for Adam. Just wondering about what kind of preparations you guys are doing to ensure a successful launch of tez/iva and then if you guys can just talk for a minute about how you expect to launch curve to play out and what you expect as far as uptake?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes thanks Neil. Yes the commercial team I would say here has got pretty good at launching products. We have had the benefit of, as Jeff just described that incredibly productive research and development engine here, which is in CF has generated new products, new indications, new age groups, time and time again. So the team is I would say a pretty much well-oiled machine when it comes to executing these launches so they're ready to go, the teams are trained, we have scaled up here in the U.S. in our case management group because one of the most important things we can do in ensured patients are onboarded effectively that group has been trained and expanded to account for the additional patients who are anticipating seeing. So we are as ready as we can be and were eagerly anticipating the approval in the near future. In terms of the launch trajectory really difficult to say exactly how thats going to play out, it's going to depend on the -- obviously the timing of the approval, it's going to depend on us being able to secure access and reimbursement which Im confident we will do here in the U.S. we have done for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and then we will have to see how some of those launch dynamics play out in the real world in terms of persistence and compliance certainly everything about KALYDECO and ORKAMBI would tell us we should expect to see great uptick, great for systems and great compliance and that's what we are anticipating.
Neil Carnahan: All right. And then I just had one other one for Tez/Iva and the EU how do you think the agreement is going to work out with those countries, they already have agreements on ORKAMBI, how should we think about that?
Stuart Arbuckle: Well I think that really goes to the kind of the different process or the different countries, it's hard to give you one answer for kind of Europe as a whole in countries where we have an individual pricing reimbursement agreement around ORKAMBI. There is really going to be two parts either kind of the stand into the sequential approach where you apply products by product and obviously we are preparing to do that in line with getting our regulatory approval for tez/iva in the second half of this year which is what we're planning for in the EU. In some markets for instance like an Ireland where we have a portfolio agreement there we are anticipating in line with that agreement that we will get access for those patients at the time we get the regulatory approval for tez/iva. And that to me is one of the great benefits for patients and physicians of these portfolio agreements. And I think as I mentioned earlier an answer to somebody elses question I think that tez/iva data and now the triple combination data is only going to further interest in these kind of portfolio agreements.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Gould from UBS. Your question please.
Carter Gould: Good afternoon guys. Congrats on the data. Thanks for taking the question. First on the pivotal triple combo studies can you maybe just talk about your level of comfort that U.S. and e-regulators will be aligned on the safety duration you need to see? And then just on the internal non-CF pipeline beyond the VX150 data, and acute pain, are there any internal clinical data we should expect come out over the course of 2018. Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Carter, this is Jeff Leiden. So were talking with both European regulators and U.S. regulators about all the same issues that we discussed in the call. And of course our goal is to aligns those studies as much possible between those when we get agreement with both of them let you know exactly how they'll look. And with respect to the non-CF pipeline as you know, weve said that we expect to start Phase 1 studies in Sickle cell and beta thal program this year those regimen patients. We expect one or more other programs from our Internal Research Group to also enter the clinic this year. It's a little early to predict exactly when we will start to see the first clinical data.
Carter Gould: Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Operator, we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. And our final question then comes from the line of Navin Jacob from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Navin Jacob: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Navin Jacob, Deutsche Bank. May be two quick questions here if I may. The first is which does of 659 and 445 are you taking into Phase 3 and then I have a follow-up commercial question.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, we havent yet finalized the doses thats the one of the things that we're discussing with regulators. One of the reasons that we did the studies the way we did and that we're actually very pleased with the results. We do feel we have a very dosing exposure response that occurs for both of these compounds that will make it easier for us to pick the best dose.
Navin Jacob: And then very quickly on commercial if I may, my apologies but how do you think about the value that youre going to be generating here for het/min patients, often times people think that as you expand populations in orphan disease you have to cut price but yet at the same time Vertex has spent significant amount of capital investing in brand new drugs for these severe diseases. And so I guess the question is that how should we be thinking about the economic value that youre providing especially given the actual efficacy that youre showing here. Should our base case assumption be flat pricing versus KALYDECO or even a discount or is there do you actually see the value that youre providing here to patients?
Stuart Arbuckle: Well, having just released the Phase 2 data announced that we're moving forward into clinical development, we're not about start speculating until specifically about pricing. Obviously the data we release today demonstrate that we think these triple combinations have the opportunity to provide tremendous value certainly for patients in the first instance based on the efficacy and safety profile that we've shown. In terms of the economic value for them, clearly that's something thats going to be considered way down the line well taken into account the same considerations that I've said we always have which is the magnitude of the benefit that were providing and the number of patients that we are able to benefit and those are the two considerations that we will continue to take in consideration as we move forward. The most important thing is with the data we released today it gives us a clear path to begin with provide CFTR modulators throughout the 90% of patients and thats our primary goal.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Michael Partridge for any further remarks.
Michael Partridge: Thanks. I'll actually turn it over back to Jeff Leiden.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, thanks Michael. Nick may be just two remarks one an internal remark and one an external remark and I'll start with the external one. I do want to come back and just remind you that in CF we have been working with this community of patients and caregivers and the foundation for almost 20 years now. It's been an incredible journey. And to me this is a special day because its one more important step forward towards finishing that journey which we are absolutely committed to and I just want to thank again all the people, parents and families and caregivers and Vertex employees who stuck with us for 20 years to get to where we are today. It's a very special thing, and you don't see that often in one disease. And then from an internal standpoint may be just echo what I said before. I do think and I'm pleased with the fact that were seeing the strategy really play out nicely here. Meaning the investment in scientific innovation leading to further understanding disease, leading to breakthrough products that get better and better and then being able to reinvest revenues that we make those breakthrough products into more medicines in different diseases and thats a model that all of us had as a dream six, seven years ago when we started the strategy. I was certainly done with that but I think you can see the progress and we are very pleased because we think it bodes very well for the future in other disease.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Jeff. This concludes tonights call. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us and for your question. The Investor Relations team is in the office tonight to answering the additional questions that you have. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Analysts: Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC Shawn Fu - JPMorgan Securities LLC Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Lilian Wan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Welcome to our third quarter 2017 financial results conference call. Participants are now in a listen-only mode. And later, we will open the lines for question. This call is recorded. A replay will be available later tonight on our website. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer will join us for Q&A. We will make forward-looking statements on this call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release, our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including those regarding the ongoing development and commercialization of KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs and Vertex's future financial performance, are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP can be found in the financial results press release and in tonight's webcast slides, which have now been posted on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. 2017 has been a tremendous year for Vertex. We've made significant progress across all parts of our business and moved closer to realizing our long-term vision of treating all people with CF. During the year, we've increased the number of people eligible for and being treated with our approved medicines. More recently, we showed data from multiple triple combination regimens that demonstrate that we may be able to treat up to 90% of all CF patients. As a result of treating more people with our approved medicines, CF product revenues have increased quarter-to-quarter throughout this year. And tonight, we are increasing our full-year guidance for total CF product revenues. Our financial strength has substantially increased, and we expect this revenue and earnings growth continue going forward creating significant value for shareholders. Let me now briefly review our progress over the last three months. First, KALYDECO. On August 1, the FDA approved KALYDECO for use of more than 600 people with CF ages two and older who have one of five residual function mutations in the CFTR gene. KALYDECO continues to be a transformative medicine and is now labeled to treat approximately 6,000 people with CF globally. And we continue to increase the number of patients initiating treatment with KALYDECO. Second, tezacaftor/ivacaftor, based on the positive Phase 3 data we announced earlier this year, the FDA and the European Medicines Agency have accepted our applications for the use of the tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination treatment studied in two different CF-patient population. One, people with CF ages 12 and older who have two copies of the F508del mutation. And two, people who have one F508del mutation and one residual function mutation that is responsive to tezacaftor/ivacaftor. In the U.S., the FDA has granted Priority Review of the NDA and set an action date of February 28, 2018. We currently expect approval in Europe in the second half of 2018. Our commercial team in the U.S. is currently preparing to bring this medicine to the many patients who are eagerly awaiting its approval. Third, our triple combination regimens. In July, we announced clinical results for three different regimens, which included next-generation correctors, VX-152, VX-440 and VX-659. Across these regimens in two and four-week studies, we saw significant clinical activity in both het/min and F508del homozygous patients across multiple measures, increases in FEV1, increases in sweat chloride and in the one study in which it has been evaluated thus far, increases in CFQ-R. We also saw good tolerability. We expect to continue to collect Phase 2 data from next-generation correctors VX-152, VX-659 and VX-445 in triple combination regimens into early next year and pending data from these studies and discussions with regulatory agencies. We expect to begin pivotal development in the first half of 2018 of up to two triple combination regimens. We expect that each of these triple regimens may have a different next-generation corrector, and one of the regimens may be dosed once daily. These triple regimens may provide the opportunity for 90% of the CF population to be treated with a medicine that addresses the underlying cause of their disease. We continue to invest in scientific innovation to bring forward life-changing medicines. We believe this creates the most value for patients, employees and shareholders. We're seeing good progress both internally and with our collaborations, and we expect to advance new medicines into clinical development in 2018. We look forward to updating you on this progress as well as helping you understand how we select out of these areas and potential investigational medicine. We're very proud of the significant progress the company has made in increasing the number of people eligible for and being treated with our medicines around the world. And we are well positioned to meet our goals consistently creating transformative medicines for patients and delivering significant and sustained revenue and earnings growth for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz to make specific comments on some of our development programs.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening. We're very pleased with the clinical progress we've been able to make across multiple CF studies this year, which are bringing us closer to our goal of treating all patients with CF. First, I will review results from three different studies in CF that recently completed. Then I will make comments on our ongoing triple combination programs. I'll start with the ORKAMBI clinical results. We are pleased to have announced tonight Phase 3 results of ORKAMBI in children two to five years of age with CF who have two copies of the F508del mutation. The primary endpoint of the study was safety, and the result show that the treatment was well tolerated. In addition, the study also showed improvements in CF-related disease measures, including sweat chloride and nutritional status. These are the first findings to show the safety and benefit of ORKAMBI in children as young as two. CF is a devastating and progressive disease. And our goal has been to evaluate our medicines in younger and younger patients so that we may establish a basis for intervening earlier with medicines that change the course of the disease. Based on the results from the ORKAMBI two to five study, we expect to submit for regulatory approval by regulatory authorities in the U.S. and Europe in the first quarter of 2018. Now to the tezacaftor/ivacaftor. We announced top line data from a Phase 3 study evaluating the addition of tezacaftor in people with CF ages 12 and older with one copy of the F508del mutation and a second-gating mutation who were already receiving ivacaftor monotherapy. The study did not meet its primary endpoint as there was no difference in FEV1 for those who added tezacaftor in addition to ivacaftor that they were already taking compared to those receiving placebo in addition to ivacaftor. Importantly, safety data from the study show that the combination was generally well tolerated, and the safety profile was consistent with that observed in prior studies of the tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination. For secondary endpoints, we also looked at sweat chloride and CFQ-R. In sweat chloride, we saw a decrease of approximately 6 millimol compared to ivacaftor monotherapy that was statistically significant and no difference in CFQ-R. Based on these results, we do not plan to seek approval for tezacaftor/ivacaftor in gating patients who also have an F508del mutation. The vast majority of all patients with a gating mutation around the world are receiving KALYDECO, and we expect that they will continue to do so. Now, to our ENaC inhibitor, VX-371. We've also announced the results from a Phase 2 28-day study of an inhaled ENaC inhibitor, VX-371, when added to ORKAMBI. The study dosed 142 CF patients ages 12 and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. The study did not meet its primary efficacy endpoint. In these patients who are already receiving ORKAMBI, the addition of VX-371 did not produce changes in FEV1 when administered with or without hypertonic saline. Safety data from the study showed that the addition of VX-371 to ORKAMBI was generally well tolerated, and a safety profile was consistent with that observed in prior studies of VX-371 monotherapy. We continue to conduct a Phase 2 study of VX-371 monotherapy in patients with primary ciliary dyskinesia. I will conclude with some remarks on our triple combination regimen as they continue to advance. We are well positioned with four different triple combination regimens in Phase 2, three of which have already demonstrated significant clinical activity and good tolerability in two to four-week studies. We recently announced that we have included the experiment of potentiator, VX-561 formerly CTP-656, into the Phase 2 studies of the next-generation correctors, VX-659 and VX-445. VX-561 could play an important role in a future once-daily combination regimen that treats the underlying cause of CF. We remain on track to begin pivotal development for up to two triple regimens in the first half of 2018, and I look forward to updating you on our plans. With that, I will now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. 2017 has been a year of significant financial growth. And we're poised to deliver continued revenue and earnings growth into 2018 and beyond. Tonight, I will discuss our third quarter 2017 financials, review our 2017 full-year financial guidance and make further comments on the strength and the trajectory of our business. Revenues first. Total CF product revenues of $550 million in the third quarter 2017 reflects strong performance based on the demand for our medicines. This represents a 34% increase compared to $410 million last year. Our product revenues have grown each quarter throughout 2017 as we've increased the number of patients treated with the approved medicines. We expect this to continue in 2018 as we gain additional reimbursements in countries outside of the U.S., and we also have the potential to launch new medicines such as tezacaftor/ivacaftor. Also, ORKAMBI and KALYDECO have demonstrated strong growth in the quarter. For ORKAMBI, we reported third quarter 2017 product revenues of $336 million, an increase of $102 million compared to third quarter of 2016. The quarterly growth this year has been driven by the continued uptake of the medicine globally, most specifically in the children ages 6 to 11 in the U.S. Third quarter KALYDECO sales were $213 million compared to $176 million for third quarter 2016. The quarterly growth this year has been driven by the strong uptake for the medicine by patients in the U.S. with residual function mutations following the recent FDA approvals. Our third quarter 2017 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $334 million compared to $295 million in the third quarter of 2016. This increase was primarily due to the continued acceleration and advancement of our portfolio of triple combination regimens for CF and the investment to support the launch of our medicines globally. Strong growth in product revenues is driving an expansion in our operating margin. Operating margins were 26% for the third quarter 2017 compared to 16% for the third quarter 2016. And with our anticipated revenue growth, we expect our margin to continue to expand in the future. Non-GAAP net profit for the third quarter of 2017 was $136 million compared to non-GAAP net profit of $43 million in the third quarter of 2016. The significant growth in non-GAAP net profit was largely driven by the strong growth in total CF product revenues. We have a strong balance sheet as we ended the third quarter, with approximately $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. This compares to $1.4 billion at the beginning of 2017. And during the third quarter, we paid $160 million to Concert Pharmaceuticals upon completing our asset purchase agreement for CTP-656, now VX-561. Now, turning to the full-year financial guidance, based on the strong underlying demand of our CF medicines and recent label expansions, we are increasing our total CF product revenue guidance to $2.1 billion to $2.15 billion in 2017. This was previously increased to $1.87 billion and $2.1 billion in August of this year. For ORKAMBI, we now expect $1.29 billion to $1.32 billion in net product revenues, which reflects the strong underlying demand for the medicine throughout the year among the people with CF ages six and older in the U.S., and is based on potential revenues in countries where ORKAMBI is currently reimbursed. I would note that this guidance does not assume the recognition of any ORKAMBI product revenues in France in 2017. As to KALYDECO, we now expect $810 million to $830 million of net product revenues based on recent label expansions and the strong underlying demand we are seeing by eligible patients. As we think ahead to potential 2018 revenue guidance, we are mindful that the expected approval and launch of tezacaftor/ivacaftor will make it challenging to forecast revenue for individual products. Therefore, in early 2018, we anticipate providing full-year total CF product revenue guidance, but no individual product guidance. Now to operating expenses, we continue to expect combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.33 billion to $1.36 billion for 2017. As we plan for 2018, a key investment and driver will be the initiation of pivotal studies for up to two triple combination regimens, with a clinical drug supply and the supply chain investment for potential commercial success of a triple combination regimen. Therefore, non-GAAP operating expenses will see growth in 2018. At the same time, we do expect operating margins to expand in 2018, as our revenue growth will significantly exceed any increase in our operating expenses. In conclusion, we are well on track to deliver a financial profile that includes high operating margins and sustainable earnings growth. Our success in increasing the number of CF patients that we treat with our medicines is driving the strong financial performance we have reported today. We are well positioned to realize our goal of treating many more patients and enhancing the benefit for those we treat with the CF pipeline assets that we are rapidly advancing in development. We look forward to continuing to share our progress with you in the weeks and months ahead. And with that, I open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Yee of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks and great quarter. Two-part question. One was, as you think about the triple and the strategy going forward, is there an expectation that the overall clinical Phase 3 program should pretty much look like ORKAMBI in both het/mins and homozygous in terms of the duration of the study, or do you think you could figure out a way to accelerate that? And then the second question is around the uptake of VX-661 next year. While I appreciate it is early, are there opportunities there to significantly grow the overall doublet franchise? Where are the opportunities to grow that? Do you think it cannibalizes a bit? How do we think about that market? Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Michael. Thanks for the question. Maybe, given my comments, we expect to collect all the data on the triple regimen portfolio. We expect to have a really good view into that in early 2018. At that point, we can have a more let's say detailed discussion. But the strategy of how we're approaching the pivotal studies, the timelines, Jeff Leiden and then maybe Stuart can talk to you about how we think about tezacaftor/ivacaftor launching in 2018.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hi, Michael. It's Jeff. Let me start to give you a high-level view. Again, we're just in regulatory discussions now. So obviously, we won't be able to give you the final point of view till we finish those. But a couple of points, I think, worth making. One is, as I said and Jeff Chodakewitz said, our current plan, obviously which will be based on the data, would be to take up to two programs forward. And those two programs would have different next-gen correctors in them. And our hope, again, based on the data that we'll see from Phase 2, is that one of those programs might be a once-a-day regimen that would incorporate VX-561. That's one point. The second point is to your question directly the way you phrased it, which we've obviously learned a lot as we've gone through multiple Phase 3 trials in CF. We've learned what the length of those trials needs to be. For instance, let's say, 8 to 12 weeks for collecting acute data and up to 24 weeks for long-term data. We've learned about the size of those trials, how they have to be powered to get the effects we want. And we've learned a lot about how to collect those endpoints. So our strategy overall is to use all of that knowledge. And particularly based on the strength of the results that we're seeing with the triple, to streamline these trials with the regulatory agencies as much as possible so that we can get these medicines as quickly as possible to patients, particularly the het/min patients who don't have anything right now, so more to come. As we finalize those discussions, we'll certainly be able to explain those to you in the first half or the beginning of next year. But our intention is to streamline those trials and to think about how we get these drugs to those patients who are waiting for them as quickly as possible.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And, Michael, it's Stuart here. On the tezacaftor/ivacaftor, whether we think it's got the opportunity to grow the CF franchise, we certainly do. We think, given the benefit/risk profile that it has, it really provides a tremendous new treatment option which is going to allow more patients to be treated with the CFTR modulator. There's probably a couple of different kind of groups of patients I'd point you to. The first would be in the homozygous population. As you know, with ORKAMBI there, we've had a number of patients who discontinued ORKAMBI often due to adverse events given the benefit risk profile of tezacaftor/ivacaftor, I think that's a population which is likely to see high demand for tezacaftor/ivacaftor. We also know that in the homozygous population, there's a number of patients who've never been initiated on ORKAMBI often because of their views of the benefit risk profile. And I think that's another population that potentially could be excited by a new treatment option. And then the third one would be in the residual function population. We obviously have the indication here for KALYDECO for those ivacaftor responsive mutations. Not all of those patients are yet on KALYDECO, and so for those who are nave, again, tezacaftor/ivacaftor could be a good option for those patients. And obviously outside of the U.S. further down the line, the same in the homozygous population but the residual function patients there, outside the U.S., don't have any approved treatment to treat the underlying cause of their disease. So, we certainly see tezacaftor/ivacaftor as a very important new treatment option, which can grow the number of patients being treated with the CFTR modulator.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: My final follow-up is just, is there anything magic about six months that they ask for ORKAMBI, or why couldn't be three months? Is there any magical reason that those were the numbers picked?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Michael, I should have been a little clearer about that. There are two different  or three different consideration to this. The acute benefit, and as I said, we know we can see that pretty quickly within certainly 8 to 12 weeks. There's the long-term benefit in things like pulmonary exacerbations, hospitalization, antibiotic use. If you look at that that's typically is going to take six months, and then there's, of course, the safety database which we need to provide an adequate one. Having said that, obviously, what we're going to try to do is to come up with a regulatory strategy which fits that that point of view, which means that we don't necessarily believe that we need to wait all the way to the end of all of those measurements to file regulatory submissions, particularly for the patients who don't have anything today.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Got it, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect, thanks very much. Good afternoon, everybody. I was hoping to ask sort of a non-CF pipeline question, and maybe I could ask it in two parts. So, I guess, one, could you talk about some of the milestones that we might see over the course of next year for the non-CF pipeline and maybe specifically about your spinal cord injury asset? And then just help us think about how you plan to invest either internally or externally into the non-CF pipeline. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Matt, this is Jeff Leiden. I'll take the first part and maybe Ian and I can work on the second part to get it, it's sort of a BD question as well as an internal question. First, I'd remind you it's something we said many, many times which is that we believe at Vertex, anyway, that investment in scientific innovation is where the real value is created in this industry, and that includes both our internal investment in R&D and our external investments in BD. With respect to our internal pipeline, we do expect to bring, Matt, with those programs and we've talked about four or five them. We've talked about AAT, we've talked about adrenoleukodystrophy, sickle cell disease, pain. We're talking about four or five. Those programs are actually advancing quite nicely. And what we've told you before is that as they enter the clinic, and we expect some of them to enter the clinic in 2018, you'll hear more about them. So, I think you can anticipate hearing more about those programs next year. With respect to the external investment, you've seen us do a number of deals that both strengthen our technology platform, if you will, and also bring in early-stage products. You'll see us do more of those. But maybe Ian does a nice job of sort of summarizing our strategy for BD investments, which hasn't changed for the last several years and won't change going forward except the fact that we have more financial firepower now.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, sure. So, I would actually start by, obviously, the company is in very different position today than it was a couple years ago, one where we were in capital preservation mode as we invested to create our medicines; whereas today, we do have significant cash flow. And I'd pointed in my prepared remarks that we have approximately $1.8 billion of cash in the balance sheet without taking out any debt. And so, we do have a significant access to capital and to Jeff's point, I believe is that we have to invest to create. And so externally, we have a strategy where it's got three-points of approach. First is, we do look at everything in CF. We should and we try to identify the approaches that are complementary to our own approach where you have the disease modifying agents. And there may be more orthogonal approaches as compared to CFTR modulation, but we really look at everything in CF. And we've done a couple of deals in that area. And most notably was the one we've done in Q3 with Concert where we have the opportunity to potentially improve a regimen by going to once-a-day regimen. And we'll see how that study plays out. Secondly, as Jeff mentioned, scientific footprint. Vertex has been tremendously successful to small molecule over the last 20 years or so. But there's been lot going on outside the world of Vertex and we think it's time for us to plug into that. And we've already done transactions to give a different kind of modalities of actions to approach the diseases that we're interested in. And most notably, we've done collaborations with CRISPR Therapeutics, which is going very nicely; and we'd probably touch on that a little later on this call, and also Moderna. And then the third area is kind of more opportunistic looking at disease areas  still looking at disease areas that are consistent with who Vertex is and the disease areas that we focus on. And we look at those opportunities as well and consider whether to apply our capital. They tend to be earlier stage. I don't want people getting carried away with the large-scale deal at this point, but it tends to be earlier stage. So, we can match our scientific approach in creation to developing these medicines consistent with how we've done things with CF. So that's our approach, and applying that capital as we generate it is important for us to grow our business.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks. And then, could I just ask specifically, I mean, will we see data on the spinal cord asset next year?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Matt. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. Really, we don't expect that. I just would remind you that these are long-term studies and that the patients get treated acutely and then we follow them for quite a bit of time. It's all going to depend on the rate of enrollment, and then even once the patient is enrolled, it takes some time to get data. So it's just really too early to tell, but I wouldn't expect any next year.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges of Leerink. Your line is open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much, and congratulations on great results and the progress. Ian, a quick financial question, which is, you mentioned that the revenue in France is still excluded from your updated guidance. Can you give us a sense of what the cumulative cash from France is now and when you think that that might actually be converted over into reported revenue? And presumably, that will go through your non-GAAP numbers. And then secondly, maybe, Jeff could help us understand the failure of tez/iva and the gating mutations, and how does that fit with the observed change in the sweat chloride and with the activity on the preclinical assay? And does that increase or decrease your confidence in the basis for assessing the triples? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, thanks for the question, Geoff. Let me just  it's a complex answer and we can get together after the call as well. So, I'll just put my CPFA hat on. So, first of all, France, we do not record revenue. We are getting paid for our medicines in France because  through the access ATU program, and we accumulate that cash on the balance sheet. But because we don't have a definitive price in France, we have to keep that on the balance sheet because we may have to give some of it back if we agree the price is lower than the list price they're currently paying us out. If we were to receive an agreement for reimbursement in France in 2017, revenue recognition would allow that amount that's in the balance sheet to be recorded in the quarter that we got the reimbursement approved and that would be a bolus. And it's about $130 million, $140 million that would actually be recorded on top of the revenue as you would record going forward. Now, the complexity in all of this is that if December 31 passes and we're now at January 1, there is no bolus in 2018 because the revenue recognition rules are actually changing. And this applies to all companies, not just Vertex, and you're probably aware of it already. But we will have to make an estimate as of January 1 of what the value is we will be reimbursed at. That bolus of revenues that now sits or bolus of cash that now sits on the balance sheet actually goes through retained earnings. It does not go through the revenue line in 2018. So, what happens in 2018, you don't get to recall at the backlog of cash. What you have to do is, going forward, January 1, just start recording revenues as if you're getting paid for your medicines in France. Hopefully, that  try to keep it simple, but that's how we proceed. There will not be a bolus recognition in 2018. It'll go through retained earnings, unfortunately.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden. I'm glad I got the easier part of the question. You really asked two questions in there about the tez/iva results. Obviously, we've looked at this data very carefully. We believe that there are two reasons that sort of fit together, as you'll see, that explain why the study didn't show a clinical benefit. The first reason, and maybe the most important reason is, these patients who entered the study in KALYDECO were extremely well treated as you might have expected. You can see that in their baseline characteristics. So, the average patient has been on the drug for more than three years. They had a sweat chloride of 50, which is actually quite close to carrier levels. And they had a BMI of 24.5, which is normal, essentially. And so, the very high bar that KALYDECO has set with those patients made it difficult to identify incremental acute improvements in FEV1 simply because when they ended the study, they were doing so well. The thing that goes along with that and the other part of that equation is, in this study, we're obviously having a single first gen corrector at tez, which only incrementally improves CFTR function and you can see that clearly from sweat chloride benefits, which in this study were about 6 to 7 millimol. And so the combination of the fact that the bar was still high when the study started and we were adding a single first-gen corrector, which only improved sweat chloride. It did, but only by about 7 millimol. It just made it difficult to detect that incremental difference in acute FEV1.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys, for the question. When I look at the development of your CF program, you've obviously developed very specific medicines for very specific mutations. And I guess when you look at the triple data, it's entirely possible that regardless if a patient is homozygous or heterozygous for delta-F, that could be treated with a triple just based on what we see today. So, A), do you agree with that? Do you agree with a one-size-fits-all delta-F508 allele single medicine? And then, B), what would be the  would you wait on the data in homozygous delta-F, a little bit more data from different triples than what you have already in place to get that going? Or would you just go ahead and go with the strategy of obviously going out for het/mins first and then homozygous delta-F? And I had one follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden. A great question, and really important question because I think you're pointing out something that we've talked about a lot internally, which is that our whole concept and strategy here around how we're approaching CF has changed over the last, say, 12 months or so, particularly as we've gotten more triple data. We originally thought of this disease as three or four buckets of patients, each of whom might require different medicines. So KALYDECO monotherapy for one, maybe doublet therapy for another, triple for another. That's changed dramatically with the results that we're seeing from our triples. And we do believe, just as you said, that whether you have one F508 allele and you're het/min, let's say, or whether you have two F508 alleles, you're a homozygous patient, you will be best treated with a triple regimen, and that's certainly what the Phase 2 data suggests. So if you take all that together, what it really means is that up to 90% of all patients, we believe, will be on a single triple. There will be a small set of patients likely who remain on KALYDECO monotherapy because those are the patients who might, for instance, have a gating mutation on one allele but not F508del, or not a second-gen corrector responsive mutation on the other allele. And so we believe those patients may be fully treated with KALYDECO. We're talking a very small number, a few hundreds of patients in that bucket. And then you're left with the final 10% of patients. And those are the patients who don't make any protein, largely because they have stop codons. And we believe those patients obviously will not benefit from any of the CFTR corrector strategies. They're going to need a genetic therapy, whether that's gene therapy or gene editing. We're obviously working on those, but those are farther away. So I think the way to think about it is just as you said. We're rapidly moving towards enrollment, which we believe that up to 90% of patients will be on a single triple regimen and getting maximum effect, hopefully post the carrier effects. Ten percent are going to be waiting for genetic therapies, and there will be a few, a small number that remain on KALYDECO monotherapy. That's how we see the world a few years from now.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And then, and you mentioned, Jeff, the nonsense mutation patients, and that still is a fairly large segment of the population and on the draft. But are you comfortable with the gene editing technologies today? And is that less of a priority for you than the full 90% segment? And do you feel like the gene delivery systems today are good enough for you to address that population, or do they need further optimization?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So first of all, for your first part of the question, we have been very consistent and insistent that we're committed to treating all patients with CF. So that's our priority, and one population is not higher than the other. I think what's different, just as you point out, is that we're actually quite close I think to that 90% of patients as we move our triples through, you're correct that the gene editing or gene therapy approaches are further away. And interestingly, not because of the gene editing or gene therapy technologies, but simply because of the difficulty of delivery, and particularly delivery to a lung that's occluded by mucus that's full of nucleases, we already have to get to a large surface area. And then of course, remember that most of those, if they're going to be an ailed deliveries won't reach the other organs. Because CF is a systemic disease, we're going to have to make sure that we're treating all the organ. So those patients who have stop codons, it is a difficult patient population to treat. We're absolutely committed to doing it. We're working hard on gene editing and gene therapy. We're doing types of approaches, but I don't want to give you the impression that that's an easy problem that is coming quickly because that's a longer-term problem. You also asked, I think to the first part of your question, whether we were going to wait to do homozygous after we have done het/min patients with the triples, and the answer to that is no. Our intention is to move forward with all of the eligible patients. Whether it's exactly on the same day timeline or week or month timeline, we plan to move forward simultaneously because we think that all of those patients are going to benefit from the triple.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay, thanks. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alethia Young of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I have just one on Europe, actually. As we think about the process that you're going through with ORKAMBI and potential approval for tez/iva in the second half of 2018, I guess I just want to think about the dynamic of both of these events being somewhat relatively close to each other. How does that drive the discussion, or is there any kind of correlation at all? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks for the question, Alethia. It's Stuart here. I'll take that one. Private negotiations can be or are ongoing in multiple countries. As you know, we've had significant success through 2017 in places like Germany, Ireland, Italy, and Denmark. And I'm pleased to say just today we reached an agreement in principle with the Netherlands, which is another important country for us. There are patients there who've been waiting a long time as well. So we're pleased with the progress we're making with ORKAMBI. It's never as fast as we or the CF community would like obviously. We're also pleased with the prices that we are achieving in Europe. We think they reflect the value of this transformative medicine. And importantly, they're very consistent across the different countries in Europe, which is an important principle for us because we know that the value of ORKAMBI is the same for a patient no matter what country they live in. So we're continuing to progress those, and we want to conclude those pricing and reimbursement agreements as quickly as we possibly can because we know that CF is a relently progressive disease and these patients are getting sicker and sicker whilst they could be benefiting from ORKAMBI. Obviously, the filing of tez/iva and indeed the high-level awareness there is about the triple combination data has led a number of countries to inquire about portfolio-type arrangements like the one that we have struck in Ireland. And if we could strike those kinds of arrangements, I would certainly do that with any country at obviously a reasonable price because I think that's a win for us as a company, and I certainly believe it's a win for patients and physicians because it allows access to the best Vertex medicines as soon as they're possibly available. So we'll continue to pursue pricing and reimbursement agreements with ORKAMBI with as much speed as we possibly can, but are certainly open to any government who wants to enter into a more portfolio type agreement as well. But obviously we don't want that to slow down access to ORKAMBI because those patients are waiting today.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. Two questions. First off, I recognize that you can't comment on ongoing FDA interactions around the triple combo path forward, but just wondering if you've done the same kinds of preclinical analyses for the triple combos, for instance, in FRT cells that had met the threshold for in vitro support of approval for KALYDECO and the residual function setting. And then secondly, you made some comment on the potential to move one once-daily triple combo cocktail forward. Just wondering if we should take that to mean that you wouldn't likely move forward with both VX-659 and VX-445, or just that if you do take two cocktails forward, you'd probably mitigate the risk by having one be KALYDECO-based and one be VX-561-based. Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Two good questions. Thanks, Brian. And the second question is very easy. Yes, you're right on the money there. We would take, for instance  or could take VX-659 and VX-445 forward, but almost certainly one of those would be once-a-day, one of them would be twice-a-day KALYDECO for exactly the reasons you said just to mitigate the risk. So that's an easy answer. And then your other question about FRT cells, yes, we have and are continuing to accumulate data on the triple in FRT cells with many of the different RFs and other mutations, and certainly those are part of our discussions with the regulator.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Shawn Fu - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. This is Shawn on for Cory. Thanks for the question, and it's been a nice quarter. I have two, if I might. So, first, kind of just a follow-on. A clarification I just want to make sure I'm understanding correctly, so, regarding the recognition of revenues from France. Now, in the event that the reimbursement does not come online in 2017, and we get into 2018 where we're subject to the new rules, would that backlog of revenues then be recorded by necessity end of first quarter next year? And then secondly, in regards to the planned triple program, was the intention here to include a separate trial for gating mutation patients? And if so, kind of how do the results from the recent tez/iva trial change or not change your thinking around that? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, thanks for the question, Shawn. Obviously, I'll take the first one and Jeff Leiden can take over. I'll try again on the revenue recognition. So, if we do not get reimbursed in 2017, we still have that bolus of cash we received for providing medicines in France sitting on our balance sheet as we go to 2018. At the point, starting January 1, we will record revenues going forward in 2018. And that will be an estimated price that we anticipate that we would receive in France, and that will be recorded on the revenue line. That bolus of revenues from the prior period still sits on the balance sheet. At the point that we actually get reimbursement for approval in France, that bolus of revenues will go through retained earnings. It will not go through revenues. And so, we continue to record revenues in an estimate price on the top line in 2018 with or without approved reimbursement, but our bolus will longer go through our revenue line. It's a function of the change in the GAAP for revenue recognition.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And, Shawn, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question on gating, because it's an important one. The one that we've thought a lot about. As I said, what we learned from this trial is that that addition of a single first-generation corrector to KALYDECO in these very well-treated patients isn't enough to drive acute FEV1 benefit. However, we definitely want to test the hypothesis that with a first-generation and a second-generation corrector, which obviously drives a lot more activity from that single F508 allele that we could potentially drive increasing acute FEV1 even in these well-treated patients. So our intention is to include those patients in our Phase 3 program. Just to be really clear, you said would it be a separate trial. That I can't comment on because obviously the trial design we don't talk about. But the fundamental question, are we going to include gating patients in our Phase 3 triple program, absolutely, because we really want to answer that question of can we produce even more acute FEV1 improvement. But equally important, I just want to remind you that this study really only look at the acute improvement. And there's a whole different very important aspect to these CFTR corrector regimens, which is chronic improvement. The improvement in things like the slope of decline of the pulmonary function curve, the pulmonary exacerbation, the hospitalization, the use of antibiotics, mortality, transplantation, et cetera. And one of the things we've learned from our trials, as you know, is that there's somewhat of a disconnect between the acute improvement that you see and the chronic improvement you see. So, as you know, in KALYDECO, we see double-digit acute improvements in FEV1; with ORKAMBI, we see about a 2.8% to 3% of improvement acutely. But when we look chronically, what we see is actually quite similar between the two medicines in terms of decreases in slope of decline, pulmonary exacerbation, et cetera. And that's just really, really important for these patients over the long run. So, what we want to do now with the triple where we know we could drive a lot more activity off of those single or double F508 alleles is to test the acute hypothesis, can we drive more activity even acutely by adding a lot more F508 correction and chronically we want to ask, will these patients do better as we get them closer and closer to essentially carrier levels. We believe that, but we have to prove it in clinical trials. It's a really important thing because this maybe some of the last time we could do these kinds of trials in these patients compare them the placebo or simpler treatment. So, we will want them to include those in the Phase 3 program.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau of Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. First, just a housekeeping one for Ian. Ian, could you break down the revenue for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI by geographic region?
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Actually, yeah, I'll pass it over to Stuart. I think he has the amount at his fingertips.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: I do, Phil. So, for KALYDECO, we had $133 million in the quarter in the U.S., $80 million ex-U.S. And for ORKAMBI, it was $293 million in the U.S., and $43 million ex-U.S. in Q3.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Then second question on the triple development, in the past you had suggested that the Concert molecules may be wouldn't be ready to move forward into Phase 3 in the first half of next year, but that was going to be something that you looked at subsequently. So, I'm kind of curious what has changed over the last few months that gives you more confidence in moving Concert's molecule forward right in the first half of the year in the initial Phase 3 programs.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Phil. Nothing has changed except we've been working really hard on that program to accumulate the data we would need to include it in these Phase 2 programs. And basically what we're announcing today is that we feel we have an update and feel comfortable in including it in the programs. We've done so. And so, we do think it will allow us in the first half of next year to make that kind of decision about whether to include it or not and with which regimen.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And, Phil, I would just add that our prior communications around the inclusion in the Phase 2 and therefore in the Phase 3 potential was a lot to do with the speed of closure. We were going through Hart-Scott-Rodino review with that transaction, and we were unsure of when that would close and when we'd get a positive opinion. We did get that, and it's allowed us to move quickly internally and, therefore, incorporate VX-561 into the Phase 2 programs to gather data to make the decision in early 2018.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great, and then one last question on the Phase 2 programs. You've differentiated between the acute effects of the drugs and the chronic effects. And it seems like maybe you're going to try to make the case to the FDA that the acute effects are beneficial enough to patients to spur an approval on their own. I'm kind of curious though on the safety side, what's the minimum amount of safety data that could potentially be supplied for a drug that's going to be used chronically? Do you need a significant number of patients that are out to 12 months or is there some way some precedent for including shorter course of treatments in the safety package for a chronic therapy?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, Phil, you've identified all of the key questions, but that's exactly what we're discussing with the FDA. All of those that you talked about. As I said, we think we've learned a lot from our trials. It will allow us to streamline these trials particularly for those patients who don't have anything today. But until we have those discussions finalized, we've seen all the data from the Phase 2. It's just too early for me to give you any specific answers because we just don't have agreement yet from the regulators on each of those questions.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Sure, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of Citi. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Two questions. First on, maybe really stupid. So, besides a risk-mitigating strategy taking up to two products forward, is there anything else  any other reasons why you take two products forward? And if they both look good in their final analysis, would you launch both products? How are you thinking about that? And then the second question is more of a big-picture question on your pipeline. I know your all focus is on getting these triple combos and moving them forward throughout 2018. But when do you think you'll start to sort of talk to the Street about your pipeline, all these things you've been working on for a while and your big-picture strategy for diversifying the company? I know, Ian, you mentioned about doing deals and things like that. But when do you think that will become a big focus for you to communicate that to us? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Robyn, it's Jeff. So, you're absolutely right. Our number one focus, for obvious reasons and for patient reasons, is to move the triples forward as quickly as we can. That doesn't mean that we're not focusing on the non-CF pipeline, we are. We're just not talking about it as much. Your question was, why take two forward? And it really is just what you said. It's a portfolio risk mitigation strategy. As you know, Phase 3 is about both efficacy, multiple endpoints as well as safety. And we have multiple regimens. We would hate to take one regimen forward, get any kind of surprise in Phase 3 and we set back by a year or two for patients because these patients are waiting for the therapy. So, by taking two forward, we just feel we're mitigating risk significantly, actually. And, yes, would we launch to  again, everything is going to depend on the data, but if you ask me today, our intention would be to pick the best regimen and launch one regimen, assuming there were no major differences in different patient populations, because at the end of the day, it's just less confusing for patients I think if there's one regimen that treats 90% of patients. With respect to the pipeline, as I said, the programs are moving forward very nicely. We're very pleased. David Altshuler is really driving those programs forward at multiple sites. And we expect to bring some of them into the clinic next year. And I think certainly, when we begin to bring them into the clinic, we'll begin to talk more about them and show you some of that data. So, you should expect from us to hear more about several of these in 2018.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ying Huang of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question, please.
Lilian Wan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Lilian Wan on for Ying. Thank you for very much for taking the questions. So I have a couple. The first is what is the compliance and persistence rate for ORKAMBI between 6 and 11? Do you think that you have any more room to grow? And secondly, for the regional numbers (52:04), do you see any inventory or seasonality impact from ORKAMBI? And lastly, the question is, given that the Phase 2 data of the triple is pretty strong, do you guys have a minimum number of patients required to enroll into the Phase 3 trial? Thank you.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So you didn't come through very clear, so if we could just make sure we got the questions. So the first question was, does ORKAMBI have room to grow. Maybe...
Lilian Wan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: It's compliance and persistence for patients age from 6 to 11. I'm just wondering for that particular subgroup of patients, do you still have more room to grow, or do you think they could potentially just wait till newer therapies come to the market?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. Stu will take that one.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So in the 6 to 11 age group here in the U.S., we've seen very robust uptake in that patient group. And we've seen, as we anticipated, persistence levels which are quite high and compliance levels which are quite high, both of them actually higher than what we've seen in the older patients, and that was as we anticipated. It was based on the clinical profile that we saw in the studies that we did in this patient population where the respiratory adverse events and dropout rates were very low. And we know in these younger patients because they're largely under the supervision of their parents that compliance rates tend to be higher. In terms of further growth, yes, I anticipate we are going to see further growth in that 6 to 11 population, both here in the U.S. because I don't think we've yet reached peak penetration in that patient group. And then obviously, we're still awaiting the approval of that indication outside of the U.S., and that will also give us an opportunity to further grow ORKAMBI in that population. I think your second question was around seasonality. Did we see any seasonality in Q3 or inventory impacts for Q3? We really didn't see anything out of the ordinary in terms of inventory impacts in Q3. One thing we didn't experience this year that we had experienced last year with ORKAMBI was a compliance dip during the summer months. I think we learned the lessons of why that happened. The team put a number of programs in place, and we didn't see any compliance dip with ORKAMBI in Q3, and that was one of the reasons why we saw such strong demand during the quarter.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: I think your second question was, are there enough patients for the clinical trials of triple? Is that your question?
Lilian Wan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, I'm thinking about RA-wise.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So in the homozygous and het/min patients, where we've had a lot of experience now enrolling our Phase 2 trials with triples, we're very, very confident that not only are there enough patients, but the demand to get into these clinical trials and try these regimens given the strength of the results that we're seeing is very, very high. I think there are enough patients in the other population as well. The only thing I would note to you is, in the KALYDECO-treated gating patients, for example, it has been a little more difficult to recruit those trials, as you know, because the patients are so well treated. And so to convince them to come back in takes a little more convincing. We'll see how that goes when we get to those patients. But that's certainly not going to slow down any sort of regulatory filings.
Lilian Wan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, operator, I think we have time now for two more quick questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Adam Walsh of Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, thanks so much for taking my question. This is for Jeff C. On the ENaC inhibitor, I think your earlier assays have suggested that the combination therapy with ORKAMBI might work. I'm just wondering if there's any read-through to the primary ciliary dyskinesia study that's ongoing, how we should think about the assay performance there and whether or not we would think of any read-through from the ORKAMBI combo study. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Maybe I'll take that. This is Jeff Leiden. So first, the question just in CF, just to remind you that the ENaC inhibitor obviously is a complementary mechanism. It doesn't work through chloride transport. It works through sodium transport. And therefore, we can't do the kinds of HB assays on chloride transport that we typically do with any of our CFTR modulators. But the best that we can do and did do in the HB assays was to do the height of the hydration layer and the frequency of ciliary beating. And in those assays, with ORKAMBI, it looked like adding ENaC enhanced the activity of ORKAMBI to increase the fluid layer and the ciliary beat frequency, which is why we went ahead to do the Phase 3 trial, which I think taught us that there isn't a clinical benefit that we're seeing in that population after addition of ORKAMBI. How does that read through to primary ciliary dyskinesia? I'm not sure you can make a direct comparison. The question is, again, does increasing the fluid layer improve pulmonary function in primary ciliary dyskinesia? And the reason we're doing the trial is there are theoretical reasons to think so, but the only way to really answer the question is, in patients that trial is ongoing. And when we finish, I think we'll have a pretty definitive answer about the role of ENaC inhibitors in that disease as well.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: When will that finish?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: It depends a little bit on how it's enrolled. It's enrolling now well. But we'd like to finish and see the enrollment complete and understand how that plays out in the timeline. We'll let you know when we get there.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our final question comes from Tony Butler of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Briefly, Jeff, you alluded to the notion of once the triple data come in and a single medicine would be selected to move forward and file, and that makes total sense for all populations. But if I think back to the July time period when you did reveal data on  at least the early data on the triples, there did seem to be just some distinguishing characteristics among some medicines, some triples which look better than F508del homozygous patients, yet some others that looked better in het/mins. And that may not necessarily bear out longer term for longer term study. So I'm just curious if, in fact, that is not only correct but more importantly, if there are hierarchical decision based upon populations that may make more sense. Thanks very much.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Great question. Let me take it in two parts. First of all, just to give you our view of the early Phase 2 data, we don't believe that you can actually distinguish yet between the different triple combinations with respect to FEV1 or population. They were all in the close to double-digit range, and given the size of those trials, distinguishing between 9% and 10% in a trial like that is probably not a good idea. We may or may not have enough data once we get through all the Phase 2 trials to make those decisions and distinguish that way and we'll see. And your second part of the question, which is absolutely right is, of course, the final decision will depend upon the data. And the Phase 3 data will be hopefully quite robust and give us the ability to really distinguish both on the efficacy and the safety side. Having said all that, my hope, and it's a hope, is that what we'll see is a pretty clear best regimen, if you will, which would allow us to launch one regimen. As you say it, in the chance or the possibility that we saw significant and reproducible differences between the different regimens of different populations, of course, we would always launch the best regimen into each population. So, it will depend on what we see, but I'm just trying to give you a little bit of crystal ball gazing on what we'd like to do.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining us this evening. The Investor Relations team is going to be in the office if you have additional questions. This concludes the call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 17:15:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Geoffrey Meacham, Ph.D. - Barclays Capital, Inc. Terence Flynn, Ph.D. - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Geoffrey C. Porges, Ph.D. - Leerink Partners LLC Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Robyn Karnauskas, Ph.D. - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ying Huang, Ph.D. - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Adam Walsh, Ph.D. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Welcome to our Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions. This call is recorded and a replay will be available later on our website. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO, and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer, will join us for Q&A. We will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release, our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including those regarding the ongoing development and commercialization of KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs and Vertex's future financial performance, are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in the financial results press release. I would also refer you to slide 3 of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. Good evening (01:26). 2017 is an important year for Vertex and we've made significant progress towards achieving our long-term vision of treating all people with CF. As we enter this year, we were focused on continuing to increase the number of people eligible for and being treated with our approved medicines, as well as generating important data from multiple combination medicines across our CF pipeline. Let me briefly review our recent progress in meeting these objectives. First, the FDA recently approved KALYDECO for more than 900 people with CF, ages 2 and older who have 1 of 23 residual function mutations. And we continue to work closely with the FDA to obtain approval for more than 600 additional people who have other residual function mutations responsive to KALYDECO. KALYDECO continues to be a transformative medicine and has now labeled to treat approximately 5,000 people with CF globally. Tonight, we are reiterating our KALYDECO revenue guidance. Second, we've now reached reimbursement agreements in Ireland and Italy for ORKAMBI in people ages 12 and older with two copies of the F508del mutation. We continue to discuss reimbursement with other countries, including France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom and remain committed to expanding the eligibility for and access to ORKAMBI globally. Tonight, we also reiterated our guidance for ORKAMBI. Third, based on the positive Phase 3 data we announced earlier this year, we recently submitted an NDA to the FDA and an MAA to the European Medicines Agency for the tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination in people with CF ages 12 and older. We anticipate acceptance of the NDA and the MAA later this year. Fourth, we recently shared positive Phase 1 and Phase 2 results from three of our triple combination regimens in people with CF who have at least one F508del mutation. These results included the first data to demonstrate the potential to treat the underlying cause of CF and had many patients who have a severe and difficult to treat type of this disease. We also demonstrated that the addition of a next-generation corrector to tezacaftor and ivacaftor significantly increases FEV1 and F508del homozygous patients. Throughout the rest of this year, we will be evaluating additional data from these and other studies and I look forward to updating you on our plans for pivotal development of our triple combination regimens that may have the potential to treat up to 90% of CF patients. We expect to begin pivotal development in the first half of 2018 for one or two of our four next-generation correctors. And lastly, earlier this week we added CTP-656 to our pipeline of CF medicines through completing our asset purchase agreement with Concert Pharmaceuticals. CTP-656 has the potential to be used as part of future once-daily combination regimens that treat the underlying cause of CF and we are already working to integrate the potentiator into one of our triple combination regimens. Based on our significant progress this year, we are well-positioned to achieve our longstanding goal to create medicines that fundamentally alter the progression of CF for all patients, and in doing so, meet our financial goal of delivering sustainable long-term revenue and earnings growth for Vertex. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ian to discuss our financials.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. Tonight, I will discuss the key aspects of our second quarter 2017 financials and I will also review our 2017 full-year financial guidance, revenues first. Total CF product revenues of $514 million in the second quarter of 2017 represent a 21% increase compared to the $426 million we recorded in the second quarter of 2016 and a $33 million increase compared to the $481 million we recorded in the first quarter of 2017. We continue to see revenue growth as we treat more patients with our approved medicines. For ORKAMBI, we reported second quarter 2017 product revenues of approximately $324 million, an increase of $29 million compared to the first quarter of 2017. This increase was driven by continued uptake of the medicine globally as well as the timing of both patients and pharmacy orders of approximately $10 million in advance of the 4th of July holiday. These shipments will likely impact revenues in the third quarter of 2017. Second quarter KALYDECO sales were $190 million compared to $186 million for the first quarter of 2017. We estimate there was approximately $5 million of inventory stocking at quarter end in advance of July 4 holiday. Our second quarter 2017 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $333 million, compared to $306 million in the second quarter of 2016 and compared to $313 million in the first quarter of 2017. These increases are primarily due to the continued acceleration and broad advancement of our CF medicines in development, and in particular, our portfolio of triple combination regimens. This revenue expense profile resulted in a non-GAAP net profit for the second quarter of 2017 of $99 million or $0.39 per diluted share, compared to non-GAAP net profit of $58 million or $0.24 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2016, and compared to a $101 million or $0.41 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2017. The significant growth year-over-year in net profit was largely driven by the strong growth in the total CF product revenues. During the second quarter of 2017, the company generated significant cash flow and ended the quarter with approximately $1.67 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Now, turning to our full-year financial guidance. We continue to expect total CF product revenues of $1.84 billion to $2.07 billion in 2017. For ORKAMBI, we continue to expect $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in net product revenues. Our actual revenues will be determined by the continued uptake of ORKAMBI in the markets where it's reimbursed, as well as the completion of additional reimbursement agreements throughout Europe. If we are successful in gaining reimbursements in France by the end of 2017, it would be a large contributor to our revenue growth. There continues to be uncertainty after the timing on when these discussions will be completed. As to KALYDECO, we continue to expect $740 million to $770 million in net product revenues, which includes the recent approval in patients with residual function mutations. We continue to have productive discussions with the FDA to obtain approval for more than 600 people who have other residual function mutations responsive to KALYDECO. Now, to operating expenses. We have made significant investments and generated compelling data across our CF pipeline this year, and we now expect combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.33 billion to $1.36 billion for 2017. This updated guidance reflects the progression of our CF portfolio, including the acceleration of Phase 2 studies for VX-659 and VX-445. Preparation for pivotal studies for our portfolio of triple combination regimens and investment to develop CTP-656 as part of future triple combination regimens. With our continued revenue growth, the management of our operating expenses, we are well on track to deliver a financial profile that includes high operating margins and sustainable earnings growth. With that, I will open up the line to questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. I guess I'd just like to ask about the progression of pricing and reimbursement in Europe. You've obviously made some progress with some countries and yet, some of the large ones, including France, seem to be taking longer. Can you just talk about to the extent you are willing  what items are still needing to be discussed and I guess what we should think about in terms of that and broadly, I guess the nature of the question here is, you've obviously got ORKAMBI now but there's visibility towards tez/iva and then triple combos, and does that influence any of the conversation and perhaps, take longer to complete? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Matt. It's Stu here. I'll try and address your question. It's got a number of different elements to it. As you said, we have made good progress in the first half of this year reaching pricing and reimbursement agreements in Germany, Ireland, Italy, Austria, Luxemburg and Denmark. And as you said, we're in active negotiations with other countries, including France, the UK and the Netherlands. And where we are in those discussions, I'll refer you back to the comments we've made previously, these discussions tend to have three phases. There's a clinical benefit assessment, the pharmacoeconomic assessment, and then, you're into the pricing discussions, and we're through those first two. There's really no debate in those markets in Europe about the clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. We're really in the pricing and reimbursement discussions. And as Ian mentioned in his prepared remarks, unfortunately, the exact timing of when those are going to conclude is uncertain just because they're not directly within our control. As to the potential impact of newer agents in development on those discussions, what I'd say to you is that we're very pleased that in Ireland and Italy, where we reached agreements in May after the tez/iva data was available, those countries still saw fit to do what we think is the right thing, make a transformative medicine like ORKAMBI available to patients as soon as possible because it treats the underlying cause of the disease, and we know, therefore, that it's important for patients to be treated as early as possible. And we're certainly going to be continuing to make that case to the existing authorities who are still not providing access for patients in their countries.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey Meacham, Ph.D. - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. A couple of questions for you. Obviously, with the data thus far in the triple, you can expand the addressable population, but I wanted to ask you about the nonsense mutation and some of the splicing mutations. I know clearly, you guys have the alliance here with CRISPR and to look at some of those, but maybe just talk a little bit about what the strategy is there. Do you have technologies in-house to look at more nonsense mutation patients or is it just going to focus on delta-F single and double. And then, I have a follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden. I'll take two parts for your questions. We actually view splice and nonsense quite differently. So as you know, and as Ian said, I think we're in very productive discussions with the FDA around the splice mutations. Most of those produce normal fee of care (13:11) but much lower amounts. And our in vitro data and our clinical data has clearly shown that they respond to KALYDECO, and by the way, also to tez/iva. And so, the imperative there is to get KALYDECO monotherapy approved for those patients as soon as possible, and then, follow that with tez/iva and we're confident that we will be able to that. So, that's splice. Nonsense mutations, as you point out, are quite different. They are obviously not going to respond to CFTR modulators because there is no protein there. And we have several approaches there, the first of which is the ENaC inhibitor. So, one of the reasons we're interested in studying the ENaC inhibitors, that's VX-371, is because they, as you know, function by a different mechanism that doesn't require functional CFTR protein. And so, we'll have a look at the first data, as you know, in the second half of this year but that's sort of mechanism number one, to get at the nonsense mutations. And as you point out, mechanisms two are genetic approaches, such as CRISPR and Moderna, we're making some nice progress in cell lines. We do have cell assays that allow us to look at those in both HBE cells and other cells, and the key issue there is going to be delivery. I actually think the gene editing and the ability for RNA to make CFTR is a relatively straightforward problem. The tough problem here is delivery and we're working on that in parallel and as we've said, we do think that's going to take a number of years to bring forward into the clinic.
Geoffrey Meacham, Ph.D. - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And a follow-up question more on the commercial side, and I have asked you guys this a couple of times before but I just want to see if there's any update. Clearly, the market is U.S., Western Europe and Australia but I wanted to see, I think at one point, you guys have talked about opening an office down in Latin America or other countries that maybe have a founder effect, where you have populations that are well beyond the 70,000 that everyone puts up as the number. So, is there  maybe just help us with kind of where you are with that kind of more of the global piece.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Geoff. You're correct. We have established an office in So Paulo in Brazil as a potential sort of regional hub for Latin America, and you're right, there are numbers of patients in there. The level of newborn screening and the maturity of registries there is perhaps, as you might expect, not quite as advanced than it is here in the U.S. and in parts of Western Europe. And so, the exact numbers of patients, and indeed, their specific genotypes which we would anticipate being different in terms of distribution than it is in the U.S. and Europe, is not as well defined. And so, much of our efforts over the last year or so has been working with the various CF societies and physicians in those markets to try and better understand the size of the potential patient population there and the specific genotypes that they have so that we can work out which of our medicines is best placed to help those patients out. So, that's kind of the phase that we're at there and I would say stay posted. We'll kind of update you as we make more progress from a commercial point of view there.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And from a regulatory point of view, Geoff, it is our intention to go ahead and get these products registered there. There's a very formal way to do that and we're well into that process.
Geoffrey Meacham, Ph.D. - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Terence Flynn, Ph.D. - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering if you guys could comment on thoughts on uptake of tez/iva into the F508del homozygous patients with low baseline function. I know that is been an area where there are some concern around use of ORKAMBI. Do you think tez/iva will be used there or do you think those patients would most likely wait until the triple combo is available? Thanks a lot.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Terence, hi. It's Stu here. Thanks for the question. Let me first talk a little bit more broadly about how we see tez/iva fitting in. We think tez/iva, because of the benefit risk profile that it has, really has a great opportunity to allow us and physicians to treat more patients with CF, and that's because we think given the benefit risk profile where we know the efficacy is very good but also the safety and tolerability are also very good, we think it will be applicable to a number of populations. Firstly, those who have discontinued ORKAMBI, many of whom discontinued for adverse events. We think that's a population that physicians and the patients themselves will be very keen to be retreated with a CFTR modulator. We also know those patients who have never been treated with ORKAMBI, some of whom because the patient and/or physician were concerned about the benefit risk profile of ORKAMBI. And then, thirdly, outside the U.S., in particular, the residual function population where we don't have KALYDECO monotherapy approved is another population where based on the Phase 3 data that we showed in March with tezacaftor/ivacaftor, we believe we'll also be able to get additional patients on a CFTR modulator. So overall, for tez/iva, we see the biggest benefit for patients and physicians, is being able to offer CFTR modulator to more people with the disease. In terms of exactly how it might be considered for those with low FEV1s, clearly, one of the major concerns physicians and patients have there was the bronchoconstriction side effect that we see from lumacaftor. We've known about that with lumacaftor for a while and the result we've been very diligently and looking at whether tezacaftor has that same property. We know from all of our Phase 2 data, from our Phase 3 data from looking at both adverse events post-dose spirometry, the tez/iva does not have that same adverse events, and therefore, I think it's going to be a very popular option for patients with a low FEV1.
Terence Flynn, Ph.D. - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey C. Porges, Ph.D. - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much and thanks for the questions. A couple of strategy questions. First, Stuart, could you just talk about what success you're having with the full portfolio contracts and more or less fixed pricing? As you look ahead to now multiple generations potentially five different product offerings over time, is that a model that you think that you can deploy globally or is it just in very selected markets and what sort of reaction are we getting? And then, secondly, Ian, your balance sheet is shaping up nicely and we expect it to continue to improve, and you are diversifying your portfolio across products. Is there a possibility that you might be able to take on some leverage and sort of free up additional capital from your balance sheet in that way? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So Geoff, I'll take your first question. So just for everybody's clarity on the call, the approach that Geoff's referring to is an agreement that we reached earlier this year in Ireland where essentially we have an agreement which is a long-term agreement covers populations of patients, in this case, those who are homozygous for the F508del mutation, all those who are one of the approved KALYDECO mutations and essentially looks at that patient population all the way down to the age zero, and essentially includes in the agreement both the currently approved medicines, KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, will include patients for ORKAMBI when the indications extended the lower age groups but will also include new Vertex medicines in those specific patient population. I would say to you, Geoff, that since that agreement was put in place, and in particular, since both the tez/iva data, and now, the next-gen data which makes it very clear to everybody how close we are to being able to develop medicines that treat the underlying cause of disease in 90% of patients, there's been a lot of interest in discussing similar type of patient and/or portfolio contracts. So, we're certainly very keen to be flexible, if that's what countries want to do. We're certainly, as we've demonstrated in Ireland, very open to doing that. I personally believe it's a real win, win, win, that arrangement. It's a win for the Irish government. It's a win for Vertex. And most importantly, it's a win for patients in Ireland. And so, we're certainly very open to doing that kind of agreement in any country. We're in, obviously, early stages of discussions with newer countries along those lines and certainly that there's a lot of interest there, whether we'll actually be able to get turn that interest into an agreement, time will tell. And I think Ian will handle the question on balance sheet.
Geoffrey C. Porges, Ph.D. - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. So hi, Geoff. How you doing? So first of all, to the cash, just to give you a couple of points of where we are currently on our financial position. We have cash of close to $1.7 billion and we are cash flow positive each quarter now, and so, that balance continues to increase. I'd also point out that we actually do already have a revolver facility, and so, we have access to up to $800 million. It currently stands at $500 million but we can expand it to $800 million. So, when you have the $800 million debt capacity at the moment on the balance sheet that we have not yet drawn down on, plus the $1.7 billion of cash and a positive cash flow, we're in a very nice position to think about how we allocate that cash and how we apply it. Obviously, we're already making choices of our revenue stream as it grows to allocate internally and that is going into R&D and it goes beyond to CF these days. It goes into other disease areas, and I'm sure before we finish this call, there will be a number of questions about how are we progressing beyond CF. And then, as I've said on call previously, that cash can now  that's on the balance sheet and also the leverage and the increasing leverage and the increasing availability of cash, we can apply outside the company and we have three basic strategies there and we're very active, as shown actually by the announcement yesterday. So, one of those strategies and the priority is still, let's take a look at everything that's complementary in cystic fibrosis to our approach and we actually just closed on the acquisition of CTP-656 yesterday. Another strategy is for us to look at other scientific footprints or scientific platforms or modalities and how they may allow us to treat diseases in different ways than just through small molecule approaches, and we've done both Moderna and the CRISPR collaboration in the last year or so that have advanced our approaches in those areas. And then, what is also emerging is how we may just broaden our pipeline beyond CF with earlier stage type deals that relate to asset acquisitions or targets in IP acquisitions and knowledge and assays and small M&A-type ideas that we look at as well. We're very sensitive to looking at the capital structure of the company. We're still progressing and I think our focus is on earlier stage assets of high science in disease areas that are consistent with cystic fibrosis.
Geoffrey C. Porges, Ph.D. - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks very much. That's very helpful, Ian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks for the question. My question was on the Concert molecule which, of course, you just closed on yesterday. What are the next steps? How are you thinking about developing that? Could that be ready for one of the triples to start next year or what are the things you need to do there in discussions with the FDA? And the other question was in terms of your ongoing triples you have now in Phase 2, how good you feel about the therapeutic window in terms of going up and seeing higher efficacy without the risk of any undue side effects? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, Michael. It's Jeff. Welcome back by the way.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Nice to hear your voice again on the call. So, I'll take both of those questions. So CTP-656, as you'll remember, is deuterated ivacaftor and the rationale there was to potentially get to a once-a-day regimen  triple regimen because both VX-659 and VX-445 are consistent with once-daily dosing from what we know now about their PK. And of course, tezacaftor is consistent with once-daily dosing. Whereas ivacaftor, KALYDECO, is not. It's a twice-a-day regimen. And so, we're very pleased to have closed the transaction. We've already been actually working very hard on incorporating this molecule into a triple. It's a little early for me to give you a precise date but if you ask me, could we come up with a triple regimen containing CTP-656 that was once a day and begin a pivotal trial in 2018, I'd say the answer from what I know today is likely yes. I want to emphasize that we're not going to wait for that certainly. It is our intention to get the best regimen to patients as quickly as possible, and so, the first regimen almost certainly will use ivacaftor, KALYDECO, and be a twice-a-day regimen and we'll follow that likely with a once-a-day regimen, and we also have the opportunity to bridge back later to substitute in the ivacaftor. All of that as you say requires some discussion with regulators and it also requires a little more data on our part. We're certainly not going to jump into a Phase 3 trial of the ivacaftor until we have enough efficacy, safety, tolerability and PK data to make sure that we know the dose and we know how to put it together with the other agents. But again, we think that's a relatively short journey and that we could have such a regimen in pivotals next year. And then, your second question...
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: And then, the triple  yeah.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, the triple. And really, your question was about therapeutic window, and as we said last week, one of the things that was the most important for us to see in all four regimens actually was the very favorable safety and tolerability profile, and what that meant to us is that we could begin to expand dosing upwards, and so, we're doing that, as you know, in at least three of the regimens. So in VX-152, the initial data was at a 100 milligram and 200 milligram dose. We are already expanding that up to 300 milligrams and those patients are being dosed. And so, we'll see whether we can essentially wring more efficacy out of VX-152 with that same safety and tolerability profile. Some suggestion we may be able to because if you look back at that data, there does seem to be a clear dose response in FEV1 between 100 milligrams and 200 milligrams. With VX-659, you'll remember we're at 120 BID, and so, the Phase 2 trial of VX-659, which is just beginning, will incorporate higher doses up to 400 milligrams a day, and the VX-445 dosing will also go up. So with those three molecules, we are going to try to increase dose looking for maximum benefit with a very favorable safety and tolerability profile. And as we said last week, we hope to have all that data converge towards the end of this year and early next year and that will allow us to pick not only the best regimen or regimens but the best doses.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. And it's actually kind of a follow-up to the last one that's on data disclosure. I think Concert had guided to you getting a monotherapy data for CTP-656 out by the end of this year. Is that still likely now that's in your hands? And then, second, Jeff, your answer to the question that you just gave, it sounds like there'll be more disclosures on VX-152, VX-659 and VX-445 either late this year or early next. Is that a correct interpretation? Is that when we'll see the next data or are there interim releases that are possible?
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Phil. I'll take the first part and Ian, I think, can take the disclosure question. So with respect to CTP-656 for monotherapy, we're actually not planning to develop CTP-656 for monotherapy, given that we believe that 90% of the patients will go on to a triple regimen. So, we're really interested in as part of a once-a-day triple regimen. We will get some interesting, I think, PK data potentially from that study but for us now, it's all about incorporating it into triple therapy and figuring out how to do that, which dose, making sure there's efficacy in the safety tolerability profile. It doesn't require a lot of patients but we will be doing that before we jump into pivotal trials. So, I wouldn't focus on the monotherapy trial because I don't think that's where we're headed. Ian, may be you talk about the disclosure?
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And Phil, as we disclosed a couple of weeks ago, we're looking at our next-generation triple combination as a portfolio of medicines and given we are choosing to complete each one of the Phase 2 studies of each molecule, we see our next disclosure is when we've completed that  all the studies in Phase 2. So when we completed the Phase 2 for VX-440, VX-152, VX-659 and VX-445, we anticipate that being early 2018. We'll be able to not only give you the data, we'll be also  also be able to tell you how we're thinking about which molecule we're taking into Phase 3 in the first half of 2018. So, we continue to view it as a portfolio so we'd like to keep it to a portfolio disclosure and we anticipate that being early 2018.
Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. That's very helpful and congratulations again on the progress.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thank you, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So Ian, you alluded to more questions on BD and I do, in fact, want to follow-up now the bigger picture question on this front. So recognizing this is all still quite fresh but there's the recent progress in substantial de-risking on the triple front, impact how the company thinks about business development going forward in terms of investing outside of CF. In other words, do you have more confidence or perhaps change the approach to building outside of your core franchise, given what's likely more predictable future  the future track of CF revenues or these kind of topics that are mutually exclusive? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Cory, this is Jeff. It's a great question. I'd certainly give you two different types of responses. Let me step back. We've actually been working on what's next after CF, which is one part of your question, for quite hard now for a couple of years and we sort of view it as a two-part approach. First of all, what's beyond CF in terms of trying to find disease areas really is, we've been consistent with what we've learned in CF. That is we're really only interested in transformative medicines and serious diseases that we can sell into the specialty areas with relatively low SG&A, which will then allow us to recycle most of our OpEx back into R&D. That's the model and we're going to stick to that model as we move beyond CF. And then, we view internal research and BD as essentially complementary, often even looking at the same diseases using some internal programs and some external programs. And so, for instance, we've talked about sickle cell disease as a program that we're interested in because it does fit that profile. We have an internal small molecule program or several of them, actually, in sickle cell disease. We have our collaboration with CRISPR in sickle cell disease and we may even look at additional outside programs. So, this hybrid combination of inside investment and outside investment is the way we're going to go at this for the majority of diseases. Now, with respect to your question about the strengthening financial position and how does that change our perspective, I think the key word that you said, which is the word we use, is confidence. As this financial position strengthens, we have more confidence not only in our balance sheet today but importantly, in our balance sheet tomorrow, and so, that's going to let us, I do believe, give us a lot more financial firepower, let us do more deals and potentially larger. As Ian said, we're not in the business of buying revenue in 2019 or 2020. We're not going to go out and buy marketed products but we are very interested in diversifying our earlier stage pipeline with these kinds of transformative medicines and I think you can expect more of that as our confidence is growing significantly.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Carter Gould with UBS. Your line is now open.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congrats again on all the progress. I guess, the segue to beyond CF  a question for Jeff or David. ClinicalTrials.gov says the VX-150 Phase 2 study supposed to read out in 4Q. I guess, one, is that the right timeline, and two, how should we be thinking about what you want to see to advance into a Phase 3 in acute pain? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. So, thanks for asking. Let me again just take a step back for those who aren't familiar with VX-150. This is our NaV 1.8 inhibitor. This a novel mechanism  pain mechanism, as you know. We recently reported positive Phase 2 data in osteoarthritis which was really the first proof-of-concept for this mechanism, frankly, in pain. And what's important here and what we said before is we don't view pain as one disease mechanistically. We actually view it as several different diseases. So, there is the inflammatory pain that we saw in osteoarthritis, there's acute pain, there's neuropathic pain, in particular. And what we'd like to  what we are doing at this point, I think, we'd like to do is to explore this molecule in all three of those. So, we have the positive readout in OA. We're currently involved in an acute pain study which is a bunionectomy study, and we do hope that'll readout later this year, next year. And then, the third study will be a neuropathic pain study, which will start I hope later this year. That takes a little longer so it'll likely be 12 months to 14 months more once it starts before we read that out, again, depending on enrollment. Once we have the profile of molecule, then I think we're in a position to really decide, A, how do we best bring it to patients, which patients, do we need a partner for some of these. Obviously, community acquired pain is not something we're going to do and how to best monetize it as well for Vertex. And so, as we accumulate the profile of the compound, we'll keep you informed with each of these trails and that'll lead to the decision about how to take it forward, which is really your question.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citi. Your line is now open.
Robyn Karnauskas, Ph.D. - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thank you. So given that you've spend almost a $1 billion on R&D and I know you said a majority of that is CF, can you quantify right now what percentage is non-CF? And if you're thinking about  you're starting to think about expanding beyond CF, when do you think the CF spend might begin to taper, given that even clinical trials are running are a little smaller than before? So, can you help us understand how you expect the R&D spend to evolve a little bit and could you see an expansion in the non-CF sooner than what we anticipate? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Robyn. Some of the  let's say, the number that I'm about to give you might surprise you a little. So first of all, if you take R&D, let's split it up into R and let's split it up into D. So firstly, R, we have three research sites. One of those sites is focused on cystic fibrosis there. It is focused on other targets as well but it is primarily our cystic fibrosis site and they've done excellent work, as you know, out in San Diego. There are two others sites that are not focused on CF. So already, we're spending well beyond 50% of our research investment beyond CF and on disease areas that, again, we've touched down on this call, that are similar to CF but we have a research strategy that goes beyond CF already and we've been doing that now for a couple of years and we hope to start seeing some productive results in taking molecules into the clinics of diseases that you may be familiar with, and they should start to see that maybe later this year and certainly, into early part of next year coming out of research. So, we're already  if you wanted me to put a percentage on it because it's fungible but it's probably around 60% that's beyond CF, given how we carve up our research activities. For development, it is a little bit of a different story. Oh, and by the way on the research, we're committed to maintaining that kind of approach. I don't think that's going to change in the near term, given we continue to invest in CF. And I'd also say in research, we start to supplement it with external relationships such as CRISPR and Moderna and we have an investment there as well. When we look at development, development is principally an investment in cystic fibrosis right now. As you may imagine, we have a full pipeline ranging from Phase 2s all the way through to Phase 3s. And so, the principal investment in development is actually towards CF and it goes well beyond just clinical trials as well. There is a heavy support in terms of formulation, manufacturing, medical affairs and regulatory. And so, I would say probably 80% of our development spend is towards cystic fibrosis. And again, I don't see that the investment in cystic fibrosis tailing off significantly for another three, four, maybe five years. You have to understand as we get approval for medicines in 12 and older, we immediately are thinking about how we get approval for medicines in 6 through 11, we're thinking about 2 through 5, we're thinking about how we gather longer term data and build our registry data to support the long-term outcome of our medicines of treating this disease long term. So, we need to maintain that support for the medicines we're creating to treat CF. I do see the investment starting to increase beyond CF but that would be a function of those creating opportunity. And Jeff just talked you through the pain opportunity. We have to see how that plays out, but you will start to see new ideas coming to the clinic and we'll start investing in those. But it'll be earlier stage so it won't be a significant spend in the next two or three years. It would grow if they progress down the pipeline.
Robyn Karnauskas, Ph.D. - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ying Huang, Ph.D. - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi (40:41). Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a follow-up on the QD KALYDECO you got from Concert. It doesn't sound like it's ready for Phase 3 when you start the triple combo next year, but once that compound is ready, do you think you have to run a head-to-head study versus the BID KALYDECO? You have to show the comparability. And also, do you think FDA would want to see that data or you think it's just completely different separate study just to get that QD of KALYDECO through? And then, secondly, maybe for Ian, if I add the Q1 ORKAMBI and then Q2 ORKAMBI revenue, just flat line for the rest of the year. We're already at high end of your guidance. Does that mean this is still very conservative for the $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion guidance for ORKAMBI? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe I'll take the first one and Ian will take the second one. Yeah, with respect to CTP-656, I would think about it as two stages. Stage 1 is really more us accumulating sufficient internal data to be confident both about the efficacy, tolerability, safety and dose. That's a small set of studies that supplements what Concert has already provided so that we can feel comfortable before we go into Phase 3 that we know the profile of the drug and we know the appropriate dose as part of a triple. So, we're planning to do those kinds of studies over the next months, as I said, and once we accumulate that data, we'll make a decision about taking that triple with the  with CTP-656 forward. And as I said, I think it's doable. Well, I'm not promising it because we're just learning about the compound to get that done to be in pivotals next year. Then, your question about the FDA is a different question. So, I would think about that quite simply as are we going to need a Phase 3 trial there with the iva and is it our intention to do that. If we incorporate it into a new triple, we would then run pivotal trials there to get that approved by the FDA. If we already have a triple approved and later on, we want to substitute it back, that's a different story. That's probably more of a bioequivalent story. But regardless, we're going to need data, both efficacy and some safety tolerability data, dosing data before we dive into Phase 3.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And Ying, thanks for the question. So as you saw, we are continuing to reiterate our guidance at $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion for ORKAMBI. But you're correct, if you do the math, we've had a strong first half of the year and if you double up that revenue rate without growth, it does put you in the mid to slightly in the upper part of our range. And so, I can confirm that we do not anticipate being in the low part of our range. But where we fall in the mid up to higher part of the range is a function of a number of things. I would point out that firstly more acutely in short term, we did note in the prepared remarks that Q2 was benefited by some inventory stocking pre-July for holiday. And on ORKAMBI, in particular, it was $10 million and I know you know how that works but that means you're taking $10 million out of Q3 adding it to Q2, but that does mean a $20 million difference between Q2 and Q3. And so, these things do matter when you're trying to pro rata quarters to try and get a full-year run rate. And one of the other things that we need to see how it plays out. We did see a little bit of a summer slowdown last year and it was more around compliance of medicines, and there was lower compliance which resulted in less revenues. So, we need to see how that plays out. We have a number of programs in place that we're trying to help patients be more compliant this year and  but we do need to see how that plays out. And obviously, something that's really important in terms of where we fall in the range is our launches in the new markets of Ireland and Italy, but also whether we gain reimbursement in countries like France. So where we fall in the range, yeah, we don't anticipate being in the low end. Be in the mid end and how we climb up from the mid end is really a function of performance, and that's why we're maintaining our guidance.
Ying Huang, Ph.D. - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Adam Walsh with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Adam Walsh, Ph.D. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, thanks so much for fitting me in. I got a couple of quick ones. First for Ian, just for our modeling purposes, can you breakout the ORKAMBI U.S. and EU revenues? And then, one quickly for Jeff on slide  I believe, it's 5, you talked about obtaining worldwide rights to CTP-656, but then you also mentioned other assets related to the treatment of CF. If you could just elaborate on the other assets part. If you are referring to something specifically, let us know. Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Adam, it's Stuart here. On the ORKAMBI geographic split, it's approximately 90/10. So of the $324 million globally, we recognized $288 million of that within the U.S. The balance, $36 million, was international.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And then, on the CTP-656 on the slide, what we're really about is there was some additional IP, and of course, knowledge about CTP-656, some additional IP around CF and we acquired all of it as part of this transaction.
Adam Walsh, Ph.D. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D. - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And I would now like to turn the call back to Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any closing remarks.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thank you for joining us on the call. Second time in eight days, we've spoken to you. We appreciate it. The Investor Relations team is in the office tonight, if you have any additional questions. Thank you and have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Analysts: Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen and Company Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mohit Bansal - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Welcome to our First quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions. This call is recorded and a replay will be available following the conclusion of tonight's call on our website. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer, will join us for Q&A. We will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release, our 10-K, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including those regarding the ongoing development and commercialization of KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in the financial results press release. I would also refer you to slide 3 of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, and good evening, everyone. 2017 is an important year for Vertex, and we've had a strong start to the year with excellent progress across all aspects of our business. This progress has advanced us significantly toward our goal of developing medicines for all people (1:41). In the first few months of 2017, we continue to increase the number of people eligible for and being treated with our approved medicines, KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. In September of 2016, we received approval for ORKAMBI in children ages 6-11 in the U.S., and we've seen rapid uptake and strong compliance and persistence in these patients. This quarter, we also submitted an MAA line extension to the European Medicines Agency for approval of ORKAMBI in children ages 6-11. There are approximately 3,400 children, ages 6-11, who have two copies of the F508del mutation in Europe. We remain committed to expanding the eligibility for and access to ORKAMBI. We've also made significant progress across our CF pipeline. Last month, we shared positive results for two Phase III studies of the investigational tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination; one study in people with two copies of the F508del mutation and one study in people with one F508del mutation and the second residual function mutation. Both studies demonstrate the clinically meaningful benefit of favorable safety and tolerability profile across multiple patient groups. We look forward to submitting an NDA and MAA for tezacaftor/ivacaftor in the third quarter of 2017. In addition, we have four next-generation correctors currently in Phase I and Phase II study. We believe a triple combination of a next-generation corrector with tezacaftor and ivacaftor to provide benefit for the approximately 90% of people with CF who have at least one F508del mutation. We expect to have data in people with CF from three of these combination regimens in the second half of 2017 and I look forward to updating you on this progress over the coming months. Lastly, we are focused on broadening our CF pipeline and during the quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire CTP-656 from Concert Pharmaceuticals. Our goal is to develop the most effective and convenient medicines for people with CF and CTP-656 has the potential to be used as part of a future once-daily combination regimen that can treat the underlying cause of CF. These recent accomplishments give us tremendous conviction that we will achieve our vision of bringing new transformative medicines to people with CF around the world. Our continued progress has also positioned us well to meet our financial goals of delivering sustainable, long-term revenue and earnings growth. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ian to discuss our financials.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. Tonight, I will discuss the key aspects of our first quarter 2017 financials and I will also review our 2017 financial guidance. Total CF product revenues of $481 million in the first quarter 2017, represents a 22% increase, compared to $394 million we recorded in the first quarter of 2016. Additionally, it represented a $27 million increase compared to the total CF revenues of $454 million we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016. For ORKAMBI, we reported first quarter 2017 product revenues of approximately $295 million, an increase of $18 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. This increase was primarily driven by the rapid uptake for ORKAMBI in the 6 year olds to 11 year olds as well as strong persistence and compliance with this medicine in this age group. First quarter KALYDECO sales were $186 million, compared to $177 million for the fourth quarter 2016. I'd like to point out that $9 million of this increase was based on mainly one-time adjustments related to reimbursement agreements in Europe. We also continue to manage and prioritize our operating expenses. Our first quarter 2017 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $313 million, compared to $306 million in the first quarter 2016 and compared to $295 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. This revenue and expense profile resulted in a non-GAAP net profit for the first quarter 2017 of $101 million or $0.41 per diluted share compared to the non-GAAP net profit of $22 million or $0.09 per diluted share for the first quarter 2016 and compared to the non-GAAP net profit of $88 million or $0.35 per diluted share in the fourth quarter 2016. The significant growth in the net profit was largely driven by the strong growth in product revenues while prioritizing and managing operating expenses. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the first quarter with approximately $1.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. During the quarter, we received an upfront cash payment from Merck KGaA related to out-licensing of our oncology portfolio. We also chose to repay $300 million that was outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Our financial position gives us a significant flexibility to reinvest into the business to support our future growth. Now, turning to our full year guidance, for ORKAMBI, we continue to expect $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in net product revenues. Where we land in this revenue range will be determined by the continued uptake and compliance of ORKAMBI in markets where it has been reimbursed as well as the completion of reimbursement agreements in individual countries within Europe. In particular, if we succeed in gaining reimbursement in France in 2017, this would be the major contributor to revenue growth this year. After KALYDECO, we are increasing our full year guidance and now expect $710 million to $730 million in net product revenues due to the one-time reimbursement adjustments recognized in the first quarter and the strong underlying demand for the medicine. Lastly, we continue to expect combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.25 billion to $1.3 billion for 2017 as we guided to earlier this year. This guidance reflects the rapid progression of our CF clinical development programs and the ongoing global launch of ORKAMBI. We do expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to grow in the future quarters in 2017. Our goal is to increase the number of people eligible for and being treated with our medicines around the world. We expect this to result in significant long-term revenue growth and we are committed to investing to create new medicines in other disease areas, while managing our operating expenses and delivering significant earnings growth. With that, I will open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau, Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen and Company: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the progress and the strong quarter. One question on what was disclosed in the press release, moving one of the studies of the triple combo from two-week dosing to four-week dosing. Could you talk a little bit more about that decision, what were the data or analyses that you did to support the longer dosing and what do you hope to achieve or demonstrate with it?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, hi, Phil, this is Jeff Leiden, I'll take that one. Maybe just to back up a little bit and remind you that we have four different triple regimen combos that are in clinical trials. We sort of think of them in two ways, VX-440 and VX-152 are the first wave, they're in Phase II trials. And as you know, those trials have two parts, both a het/min population and a homozygotes population. And then the second wave is VX-659 and VX-445, and those are in Phase I trials, but the Phase I trials have a patient component as well. Before I answer your specific question, I would just say that we're very pleased with the progression of those  all four trials, they are all on time, or actually a little ahead of schedule, to deliver results for the first three in the second half of this year, and the final one, VX-445, in the beginning of next year. With respect to VX-152 and your question now, the initial studies of VX-152, both parts, het/mins and homozygotes, were designed to be two-week dosing studies. Based on the tolerability profile that we've seen so far, we decided to extend the duration of the second trial, the homozygous trial, to four weeks, and the reason for that is, it's just going to give us more patient information upon which to make the best decision about which one or several of these we're going to take forward into Phase 3 next year.
Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen and Company: Got it. And one question we get about those Phase 3 trials is, your plans for the Concert molecule in them (10:44), can you talk about your decision process there?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure.
Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen and Company: How likely are you to move forward with ivacaftor  tezacaftor versus the Concert molecule in combination with tezacaftor?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, so our first priority is to get an excellent efficacy and tolerability regimen for patients who particularly had commenced, we have (11:02) nothing today, and if that's a BID regimen, everything that we've learned from those patients says that it will be well accepted because, as you know, those patients take many, many pills, 20 to 40 pills a day often. On the other hand, our ultimate goal is to get a highly effective and tolerable regimen that's once-a-day, and the good news there is that both VX-659 and VX-445, we believe, are once-a-day regimens. We know that VX-661 is a once-a-day regimen. KALYDECO is a twice-a-day regimen. And so, the impetus to acquire the dual rate in KALYDECO (11:34) from Concert was to be a  it's a once-a-day regimen, we'd be able to combine it with VX-661 and either VX-659 or VX-445 to get a once-a-day highly tolerable and highly efficacious regimen.
Phil Nadeau, Ph.D. - Cowen and Company: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering, to follow up on the triple combos, maybe, can you talk about your disclosure plans, will you plan to release those as a group or will they come in  come out as they come in? And then, regarding the ongoing Phase 3 trial of tezacaftor and KALYDECO on the F508del plus gating patients. Can you remind us of the design there and what you're hoping to see? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Terence, thanks for the question. I'll take the first part, the disclosure question. As we've done in the past, obviously, you are asking the question about future disclosures, I think our plan at this point would be to let the studies play out, we'll have a better visibility of the timing of the data coming from each of the studies in a couple of months from now. And I think at that point in time, we'll have a better understanding of how the data will roll out. Our intention actually is to provide you with a top line release, probably in the form of a press release, as usual, and safety and efficacy data, because these studies now are including patients, with safety and efficacy data. And the data supports what the next steps are for each of the compounds and the triple combinations.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And Terence, this is Jeff again. On your question on the gating, tez/iva gating 508 trial. Just to remind you, this is really the follow-up Phase 3 program to the Phase 2 results we have already published that showed, in that case, about a 4.6% additional increase in FEV1 when you add tezacaftor to ivacaftor in these patients. This is obviously a larger trial, more than 100 patients, it's an eight-week trial, the control is ivacaftor monotherapy versus tez/iva. We're completing enrollment of that trial, and we expect to have the results in the second half of this year. Based on those results, we'll decide the regulatory strategy, it's a little too early to tell until we see what the results are, and it could be a different regulatory strategy in the U.S. and in Europe, as you can imagine.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. So I have another follow-up on the triple. I guess two pieces, so first, should we infer from your comments that we saw better tolerability than you're expecting and that's what allowed you to increase from two weeks to four weeks? And then why only extend to four weeks in the homozygous arm as opposed to both the homo and heterozygote arm?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So I think I would say that sort of the way I said it before, which is based on the tolerability that we've seen, we felt comfortable to extend into four weeks. (14:48) whether that's better or same, that's what the speculation. We have solid data, so we are comfortable extending to four weeks. In terms of why only one, it's just a matter of we really would like to see four week results if we can with several of these (15:04) so that we can compare them directly. I am not sure we need to do that in every population and so we just decided on that particular population for the study.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on the quarter. Also another triple question, obviously VX-440 and VX-152 are ahead in terms of the development, but assuming those look good, we're just wanted to know what's the thought process, would you wait for de-risking data on VX-659 or VX-445 combos before you think about a pivotal or just what's the decision factor there? And I have a commercial follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. First of all, we're thinking about triple Phase 3 designs right now. So we're certainly not waiting even until we have data, Geoff. But the good news is because these trials are proceeding nicely, in fact some of them are ahead of schedule, we're going to have data from these, at least the first three in a relatively short timeframe. And the exact decision is going to be based on that data obviously. It just depends on what we see in terms of making a decision of pull the trigger on one or more of these compounds. But I don't  what I'm really trying to communicate to you is I don't think even in the case in which we wanted to wait, we're going to do waiting for a launch, because we're going to have the data in a relatively tight timeframe on at least three and maybe all four of the programs. And based on that data, we think we'll (16:32) make a good decision, I think I'm taking one or more of them forward.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I got you. Okay. And just on ORKAMBI, I know it's hard to say you guys reiterated for the year. Is there  are there any sort of gating factors that you're thinking about in terms of France or other country that are going to contribute to the year. In other words, as the year moves on, are you guys going to update us on the process or is it most or less just, this is the revenue guidance for the calendar 2017?
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, Geoff, thanks for the question. Yeah, we did reiterate our guidance $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. We understand we had a good first quarter with ORKAMBI, a lot of that was actually driven by faster penetration into the 6 through 11 category in the U.S. And so, with the first quarter behind us, we are looking at that guidance and we're between $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion, but there is still uncertainty as we play out the year on top of what we've already recorded in the first quarter, the run rate coming out of the first quarter, and that does mainly relate to timing of reimbursements in Europe. And the major contributor outside of the U.S. would actually be France and, as you are aware, there is a lot of uncertainty in France. One is, the political environment over there. At this point, they're going through an election. And then also, it's an unusual market in that the patients in France are already on drug and we already received the cash from them (18:05). So we don't have this huge advocacy pull to get reimbursement for the drug to ensure that the patients can then receive the drug. So it's an unusual market, it is probably the largest contributor outside the U.S. for the 2017 revenues, but there is still significant uncertainty surrounding it while we continue to collect the cash, so we felt comfortable keeping our guidance at the $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much and congrats on the strong results. So just to follow up on the question about the European reimbursement. Ian, could you talk a little bit more about various parts of the U.K. and Benelux for ORKAMBI because they could certainly move the needle. Are they in your plan for this year or is that something we should expect for next year. And then if Stuart's available, I'd love to hear where you are in terms of the uptake and the ongoing adoption in the 6 to 11 year olds in the U.S. and whether that's a template that we could look for in other markets over time? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, I'll just take the front end of that, Geoff, and then Stuart is here and Stuart can take the rest of the question. But I would just say the guidance that we gave, $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion does assume that we gain approval in certain markets and they tend to be the smaller ones and they also tends to be more impactful in the second half of the year. As of now, when we look at  I'll just point out, when we look at Q2 for 2017, we actually see it to be very similar to Q1, but these other markets even the smaller ones we anticipate come up in the second  more in the second half of the year and contribute then certainly France as I just mentioned, but even the small markets as well, the ones you mentioned, and maybe Stuart could give commentary around those markets.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. So, as Ian said, the guidance incorporates are kind of ranges of possibilities because we can't be absolutely certain which countries we're going to reach agreements with and when. Certainly, we're pleased that we are beginning to see countries now strike pricing and reimbursement agreements with us, obviously Germany and Austria are already kind of online, we've added Denmark in the last few weeks, and we have an agreement in principle in Ireland. But as Ian said, those aren't really going to kick in, in terms of generating additional patients and therefore revenue until the second half, and discussions are then ongoing in those other markets that you mentioned, like Belgium, the Netherlands and the UK, which is a particularly complicated market, not just because of the political situation there, but unlike many of these other countries, it doesn't really have a formal process that we can participate in to take it forward, and so we're really trying to develop with them kind of this thought process for ORKAMBI. In terms of the 6 to 11 launch, Geoff, which is the second part of your question, the launch is going well here in the U.S., as Ian referred to in his prepared remarks. The vast majority of the growth we saw between Q4 and Q1, which is a result of that 6 to 11 launch here in the U.S. and the launch trajectory in terms of uptake is very similar to the ORKAMBI launch. But we're also benefiting from what we expected, which means higher persistence and higher levels of compliance than we saw in the 12 plus population and probably that's due to the profile of the drug in the 6 to 11 population that we saw in the clinical trials and partly that's due to the fact that not surprisingly these patients are managed to a large extent by their parents in terms of compliance. So that's really how the launch dynamics are going for 6 to 11 here in the U.S.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: That specifically (22:10) in our guidance for ORKAMBI for this year and the answer is no.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is actually on KALYDECO. Curious about the trends there, I mean the product is generally fully penetrated, how  where is the bump in guidance coming from with regard to the strong underlying demand and then I have a follow-up bigger picture question?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So  thanks for the question. I'll just walk you through kind of the math as to how we think about and why we did increase the guidance. Obviously, we just recorded $186 million in the first quarter. There were some one-time items in there related to the settlement of contracts. And that's around $7 million or $8 million. But if you were to remove that amount out of the $186 and then just say that's the run rate and multiple that by four and then add in the $6 million or $7 million, you're actually at $720 million. And so we decided to move the range up. We were once at $690 million to $710 million. So obviously even at our run rate plus with the strong first quarter, we're above that guidance. So we moved it up and we put a band around it, because if there is better compliance and persistence, we have out  which we already have strong compliance and persistence there maybe a little upside and if we have less compliance and persistence, maybe a little downsize. So it was really a function of the math of the first quarter that puts you at $720 million and we just put the guidance around $720 million  being $710 million to $730 million.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Understood. And then bigger picture BD question. Now that you've out licensed the oncology asset, curious about your latest thoughts with regards to diversifying the business beyond CF and kind of how do you prioritize building outside of that core competency versus continuing to build that fence around that vertical like your recent Concert deal? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Good  great question, Cory, and a very timely question. So, I'll answer the second part of it first. This is Jeff. There is no higher priority here than executing on our CF strategy and we're obviously making great progress there, pretty much all respects and we're not going to take that foot off the gas. We're going to put our foot down on the gas. We really believe now we are well inside of being able to find one or more triple combinations that's going to allow us to treat 80% to 90% of all patients. So that's clearly priority number one for the entire organization, as well as for the BD organization by the way. If we did see anything else out there that was complementary that we think we could make better regimen, we would certainly be interested in that. However, we also are getting much closer to the end, again really in CF we believe. And so, it's a great time and we have started thinking quite a bit over the last even year or so about what's next in CF. And so, let me answer it from a strategic standpoint and then I'll let Ian answer maybe from a more specific BD standpoint. So, strategically, as you know, for a number of years now talk about the CF (25:18) clearance is being a model for what we want to do, meaning high unmet medical need, potentially transformative therapies where there are no therapies and specialty markets that have very low SG&A spend requirements, which allow us to funnel most of our revenue or OpEx anyway into R&D in new diseases and that's exactly the kind of diseases we're looking for, whether it's internal investments or external investments for what that for CF and I think, as you know, David Altshuler joined several years ago, he spent a lot of time, I would say, tailoring our portfolio of internal research to diseases like that and there are diseases like  that we've talked about like sickle-cell disease, alpha-1 antitrypsin disease, adrenoleukodystrophy, that they all look and smell a lot like CF in a whole variety of respects. And I think that's what you can expect our internal portfolio to look like, and we have a number of those programs that we haven't talked about as well. The other part of the tailoring of the portfolio has been that we've out-licensed several assets that didn't fit that strategy. So you saw us out-license our flu asset, which was a really interesting drug, but a community drug, to J&J. And you saw us out-license recently our oncology portfolio, again some really interesting transformative assets that didn't really fit our commercial and development strategy. So I'm pleased with where the internal portfolio is now, and our investments in the internal portfolio, but we've also obviously recognized that, like most companies of our size and stage, we are going to have to supplement our internal portfolio, as good as it is, with some external assets as well. And you've seen us starting to do that. I think the good news is, as our financial situation and strength, and considerably our cash accumulation has strengthened, and will strengthen, it gives us that much more firepower to go out and acquire other programs and assets to complement our internal portfolio. You're not going to see us go out and acquire revenues, products with revenues in 2018, 2019, we don't need to, but maybe I'll turn it over there to Ian to describe again our BD strategy. And with the only change over time being that we have more firepower to execute that strategy.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. I actually don't have too much to add to that, (27:27) said it many times on this call, number one strategy is look at everything in CF that complements our approach in CF. Number two is, continue to think about scientific platforms and different modalities that give us opportunity in other diseases that Jeff was describing. And then number three is, how do we just continue to expand our pipeline? And to Jeff's point today, we have $1.4 billion of cash. We don't have debt. We do have a revolver facility, but we  of $800 million, but we haven't drawn anything down on it. So we have a significant financial capability to continue to invest in areas that would be consistently where Vertex is focused.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about the U.S. versus ex-U.S. revenue breakdown this quarter?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, Ying. So for ORKAMBI, of the $295 million in total, the U.S. accounted for $264 million, and ex-U.S. was the balance, $31 million. For KALYDECO, of the $186 million, we recorded $102 million of that was in the U.S. and $84 million was ex-U.S.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And then also, Stu, you mentioned that you just reached a reimbursement agreement in Denmark, and also in Ireland in principle. Can you talk about roughly, are they close to what the pricing you got from Germany? Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so we're delighted that we are reaching increasing numbers of pricing and reimbursement agreements. Denmark is one, we have an agreement in principle, as you said, in Ireland, and we're really pleased that these are coming through, and patients in these countries are now going to have access to the product, which will begin to contribute in the second half. In terms of specifically commenting on pricing, we obviously can't do that. These are confidential agreements between us and the relevant authorities, and so we can't comment on the specific prices.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And, Stuart, (29:45) opportunity to talk about how we think about guidance going forward, that talking about the price that we're gaining, obviously, these are confidential, to Stuart's point. And so, we are thinking more about helping you understand the revenue line by providing you guidance per product. But then as we look into the future, obviously, we have the potential now, as we create more medicines, that patients that may be on KALYDECO may move on to TEZ and IVA, and those patients that once were on ORKAMBI may also move on TEZ and IVA. So we're starting to think about, how to help you understand our revenue trajectory and other things that worth discussing here and obviously we'll get some feedback from the Street as well, but what we're thinking about here is providing you kind of total CF revenues. So at the end of the day, our objective here is to use all the medicines to treat as many patients as possible, and ultimately that's what's important, is treating as many patients as possible, which will translate to a total CF product revenue line. And so, we're giving this some thoughts about how we provide guidance in the future as well.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Ian.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tony Butler with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks very much for taking the questions. Jeff, two if I may. In clinical trials, the size of the cohorts for VX-440 are vastly different from that of VX-152. And I'm just curious that as you roll out the press release later in the second half, will there be sufficient patients to actually make a judgment  for us to make a judgment between the two different molecules in the triple, and more importantly, whether or not there is comparative activity in het/min as well as in homozygous cohorts? And the second question is, very simply, does Teva bind at the same site as Luma (31:38)? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. So let me answer both of those. So first of all, with respect to the size of the trials, it may be a little misleading in terms of what you're looking at on ClinicalTrials.gov, because we want  the VX-440 trial actually has three parts to it. The first part, Part A and Part B, are the initial smaller trials, 40 patients het/mins, and 25 patients homozygous. Part C is the 12-week trial with 130 patients, that's what's contributing the good patient number that you're seeing there. But Part A and B are the parts that we'll be making the decisions on with the data this year and those were actually quite similar to VX-152. VX-152 has 35 patients in Part-A, and about the same number maybe slightly smaller in Part-B. And so in fact, we will have an apples-to-apples comparison. We chose the size of those trials, based upon now all these experience that we've had in Phase 2 trials, which is now many, many Phase 2 trials with CFTR modulators. And as you know, if you go back and you look at those trials, this kind of size of trial is 20 to 35 patients. Each has been very, very informative in every case essentially predicted the Phase 3 results almost precisely. So we do have a high level of confidence that we're going to be able to compare these and make decisions based on these trial sizes. VX-659 is slightly smaller, it's one cohort of patients and VX-445 again is slightly bigger, but even there, we think we're going to get pretty good reads to be able to make good decisions about which ones to take forward.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: That's helpful. And again Teva is probably of the same size as Luma (33:14)?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. Thanks for that. Again, Teva and Luma (33:17) do bind at the same site. They have the same  we believe the same mechanism of action.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you very much, Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and great quarter. I just think about rolling out tezacaftor/ivacaftor and how will that interact with ORKAMBI? Will this be  are you thinking about sort of saving out ORKAMBI over time, and the switch strategy or how should we think about the interaction of those two?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Liisa, it's Stuart here. Great question, thanks. Yes, so obviously we're very pleased with the data that we saw earlier this year from the tezacaftor/ivacaftor Phase 3 program, clearly the aging has a very positive benefit risk profile. In terms of patient populations that we think are likely to be the most interested in it, but if we start with the F508 homozygous population, we're really thinking there that as we know, there are a large number of patients who wanted to be on a CFTR modulator like ORKAMBI, but unfortunately we're unable to stay on the product after because of adverse events. We think that's going to be a population of patients and their physicians who are likely to be very keen to try the tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination. We also know that there are a number of patients who are nave to therapy, have never tried ORKAMBI and we think they also may think more favorably about the benefit risk profile of tezacaftor/ivacaftor. So those populations would both be additional patients who might be taking a CFTR modulator and really that's likely to be our focus with tezacaftor/ivacaftor, if there are patients who are already on ORKAMBI and who are doing really very well, I think that's going to be a decision for the physician and for the patient, whether they want to consider transitioning to tezacaftor/ivacaftor. And then the second population obviously which would also be an additional population is the residual function population, and at present in both the U.S. and in the EU those patients have no product which can treat the underlying course of their disease, and so that again would be an entirely new population, and that's why we say, that tezacaftor/ivacaftor in addition to be the basis for the triple combination is a really important medicine and you said it right, because it's totally in line with our strategy of bringing medicines forward which allow us to treat more patients with CF.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you. And then as we move to triple, are you thinking this is a kind of one size fits all, more or less across the majority of the CF patients, where it is applicable or do you think you might have still some doublets or different triple combinations for different population?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Liisa, this is Jeff. That's a  it's a great question and an important one, and I think there is still not a full understanding of this, I do want to spend a minute, because our thinking has changed, honestly, too as we started to see this data. But the most important fact that sort of ground the answer in is that 80% to 90% of all patients with CF have at least one Delta 508 allele, that is rather (36:35) 50% homozygous 508/508 or their 508 with something else on the other allele. It could a minimal function mutation, could be a gating mutation, could be residual function mutation. So, there's really only about 10% of all the patients who don't have at least one 508 allele. And the reason that's important is because, what we are learning is, and I hope we'll see this result when we see the triple data in the second half of this year, that we believe a triple from all of our study of our data will allow us to address all of those patients maximally, that is, if you think about the homozygous population, we believe that a triple will be better than any double, that's what our cell data tells us. And if you look at the het/min population, we believe the triple obviously will be better than the doubles or the singles, because right now those don't work. And if you look at the residual functions or the gating patients, 90% of those patients will have (37:34) so a triple will be better for them too. And so, once you get to that sort of insight, you realize that actually where this whole field is moving is away from the monotherapies and dual therapies to a single optimal triple therapy that's highly effective and tolerable, it's going to treat these 80% to 90% of patients. And the patients who are left, who don't have a 508, they'll be a small number of patients for example (38:01), they could be treated with KALYDECO monotherapy, but (38:07) very small numbers here. And then the final 10% of those patients who don't have a 508 (38:14) likely start credence for the most part and they're going to need a genetic therapy like Gene Editing or Gene Therapy. So we believe this is going to very rapidly transition over to a single triple for 80% to 90% of the patients, a few patients less perhaps on KALYDECO monotherapy who don't have 508 and then the remaining 10% to 12% really will require genetic therapy, which obviously we're working on, but that's farther out.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then I think, just my last question, just along these lines as well is, targeting CFTR is the triple kind of at the upper end or do you think there might be a quad after that or do you really have to think about another mechanism like EMAC and if there is any update there that will be great too? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, that's a little bit of both. So we certainly are still interested in looking at other mechanisms, EMAC being the first one where as you know, we received some data in the second half of this year, because the reason being it is a completely different mechanism, and so one might predict that no matter how (39:16) you could add EMAC here and get some additional benefits. So, that's one way of  one important way that we're thinking about it. With respect to we're taking a triple to acquire, just more CFTR correctors and potentiators. I think we're going to have to see the data from these compounds and also continue to get data from our new strategy second gen correctors, because we got  we continue to see improvements in those, but I've to tell you the levels we're seeing and we've shown you this from (39:45) next-gen correctors, those like VX-659, in particular, are really quite high. And so, yes, we can probably raise the bar a little bit maybe with some others, but we're probably closing in on that single kind of therapy. I think the question will be how does that translate in the clinic, in other words, (40:04) in the clinic and we just don't know that, we haven't reached it. We know, we can get 15% improvement, for instance in gating patients, gating, 508 patients with tez/iva. The question is, then we see it from the triples, can we go beyond that? And I think only the clinical data is going to tell us.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Adam Walsh with Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on CTP-656. Can you give us some guidance around whether you think there would be any anti-trust issues on the acquisition of that molecule from Concert, given that you already have KALYDECO? And I did notice in the Concert proxy documents that you had withdrawn and re-filed your pre-merger notification in report form with the U.S. regulatory authorities there. Can you just kind of explain that to us whether or you anticipate any FDC issues and what the timing of the clearance would be. That's the first one. Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Well, we're actually  Adam, thank you for the question. We're actually in the review period now and we're working with the regulators as they have questions. But let me just be clear of why we want to acquire CTP-656. It is (41:23) which based on the earlier studies and PK work suggested it's once a day potentiator. That interests us because we have once a day correctors, the portfolio that Jeff referred earlier on this call. So ultimately, we would like to think about a combination pill to once a day regimen and CTP-656 gives us that opportunity. That would be the best regimen for patients, as long as we have safety and efficacy and it will be the most convenience for patients and that is the plan. And so, as we go through this review period with the regulators, we will be happy to understand that taking forward CTP-656, this is the best route forward for the compound.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And any color on the timing of when that might conclude the clearance?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: It can go on for a couple of months, few months, it's really subject, we answer questions and then they make their judgment, so it could move on. We do  (42:27) also have an investor vote coming up I believe in mid-May on the approval of the transaction as well, subject to HSR.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. And then different question on ORKAMBI in the 6 to 11 population. You talked about strong compliance and persistence. When we think about that in 6 to 11 population, should we be thinking compliance and persistence rates equivalent to say KALYDECO, maybe even a little bit better given the parents are involved. How should we think about those rates ultimately? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Adam, we're moving away really from diagnosing and describing every patient dynamic for every patient population for every country, but suffice to say, they are higher in the 6 to 11 population than we have seen in the 12 plus population with ORKAMBI, and they're much more KALYDECO-like and you'd expect that the profile in the 6 to 11 age group of ORKAMBI is very strong and also, as I've said, they are managed by their parents to a large degree, in terms of compliance.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mohit Bansal with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Mohit Bansal - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the quarter. Maybe a big picture  maybe a question on the  your base case assumption for the triple combination trials. So, it is fair to assume that FDA would be looking for a comparator trial against ORKAMBI for the triple combo, at least in homozygotes, and do you think it makes  it maybe makes it little bit easier in heterozygotes, given that you will have to compete against placebo as a comparator there?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Mohit, thanks for the question. So, let me start by just reminding you of our cellular results, right, which so far have translated into the clinic in pretty much every case. And those results show that the triple is clearly superior, quite superior, and we published those results in both homozygote cells and in het/min cells to the double, to either ORKAMBI or to VX-661 plus KALYDECO. So, based upon those in vitro results, which as I said, have translated quite safely in the clinic. We expect  actually expect the triple will be better in homozygous patients than the double, and we expect it will effective, based on what we know so far, obviously we have to confirm all this in the clinic, in the het/ min patients where both ORKAMBI and VX-661 (44:58).
Mohit Bansal - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Gould with UBS. Your line is open.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon, guys and congrats on the quarter. I guess in the wake of the positive tez/iva data, I was just curious on how you guys are looking at the potential development scenarios for your ENaC inhibitor in the case where there's positive Phase II data later this year. Would the plan still be to move into a pivotal on top of ORKAMBI, or would you pivot tez/iva, or is there some other set of potential options we should be looking at? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, great question. So I think the way we're thinking about it is, there are really two questions that we want to answer, and I think the timing is going to work out pretty nicely here. The first question is really a biological question, it's, if you add an ENaC inhibitor on top of CFTR modulation, do you see incremental results? That's really a biologic question that is predicted by cell biology, but this cell biology is a little bit more complicated than the simple chloride transport in HBEs. So we need to prove that, and I think we're going to get the answer to that in the second half of this year from this first trial. At the same time, we're going to get the answer to what happens with our triples clinically, how high can we drive FEV1 in both the homozygous and the heterozygous population. And so at the end of the day, what we're going to do with ENaC is going to really depend on looking at both those results together and basically asking ourselves the question, can we get a significant benefit over triple, do we believe, with an ENaC inhibitor? Because we do believe that quickly, where everything is going to move to triple, so I think the ultimate question will be, if you add an ENaC inhibitor on of top of triple, can you get significantly higher FEV1 responses? And that's really going to be dependent upon the magnitude of the FEV1 response to the triple and the magnitude of the improvement on ENaC. The good news is, we'll have both of those pieces of data towards the end of this year, I think we're going to be able to make a fairly straightforward decision.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Just maybe one that's a little bit more philosophical as well, like how many triple combinations do you kind of want to try, like in this first tranche where you're kind of going with the first four, and then you'll see and then you'll take a step back as to see whether you want to add mechanisms on top of that. Just maybe just help us  give a little bit of color about what's going on in the labs and how you're thinking about kind of progress beyond what you're doing with triples? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes. So, obviously, we're going to get a lot of information from these four triples, I believe, because we're going to have a very nice set of  dataset to (47:42) results with four different combinations. And that, in addition to the fact that we de-risk the tez/iva double combination, both from an efficacy and a safety standpoint, gives me a high level of confidence that one or more of these triples will proceed into Phase III. So hopefully that answers that part of the question, and it's going to depend obviously on what we see in the second half of this year. And to your other question on what's going on in the lab, (48:08) a very active program looking at triples, I think I've talked about this before. We, I think, have really figured out how we identify these, and we've identified tens if not hundreds of additional next-gen correctors. Obviously, the only ones that we're going to bring forward (48:23) something that we feel has a favorable profile compared to the ones that we've already done. It could be efficacy. It could be PK. It could be tolerability. And if we see those sorts of things, it's entirely possible that we bring one or more of those new next-gen correctors (48:39) clinic towards the end of this year or next year. But I think  I don't want to give you the impression that we're dependent on that, because I have a high level of confidence that one or more of these triples, certainly (48:53) will be able to proceed with the Phase III.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Alan Carr with Needham. Your line is open.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple; one what's your expectations for timing for the iva/tez trial in 6 to 11 patients, when that data available and then, can you give us an update on Germany, that was one that is a slow trajectory, I wonder if that's changed over time and are you still have a high level of conviction that that uptake was just restricted to Germany as opposed to some of the other countries in Europe? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Alan, it's Stuart here. Let me take the Germany question first, so yes, as you highlighted, we did see a slow uptake in Germany and frankly, it continues to be slow, we are continuing to add new patients day after day, week after week in Germany, but it continues to be relatively slow compared to France and to the U.S. We continue to believe that we will get to the majority of patients in Germany being initiated on ORKAMBI, but it continues to be slow progress. I do continue to believe that the uptake in other countries will be much more U.S. like and France like and for instance, to give you an example, and the point, we're successful in signing a contract in Ireland where we have an agreement in principle, I'm very confident based on the level of patient efficacy, the level of physician engagement with us and belief in the product that we'll see uptake there, which is much likely so in the U.S. and in France. So I continue to believe that uptake in Germany is going to be a relative outline for ORKAMBI and to talk about tez/iva in 6 to 11, I'll hand the call off to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, so for the 6 to 11 tez/iva trail, just to remind you, this is really a safety, tolerability and PK trials in both homozygous patients and patients who have (51:04) ivacaftor responsibly though, it's an open-label trial, its currently enrolling and once we see what the enrollment is, we'll be able to give you a sense of when we expect data, we actually haven't disclosed that because we just don't know yet.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much. Appreciate taking my questions.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Now I'd like to turn the call to Mr. Partridge for closing remarks.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, operator. Thank you. Thanks everybody for dialing in to our Q1 call. The IR team will be available tonight for any follow-up questions that you have. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeff Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Ian Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer Stuart Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Geoff Meacham - Barclays Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets Brian Abrahams - Jefferies Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Partners Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions. This call is recorded and a replay of the call will be available later tonight on our website. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; and Ian Smith, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer will join us a little later for Q&A. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release, our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our drug candidates, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in the financial results press release. I will also refer you to Slide 4 of tonights webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Earlier this month, we met with many of our investors and analysts at the Annual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference, where we outlined our priorities for 2017. We have three key goals as we enter the year. First: we remain focused on increasing the number of people eligible for and being treated with ORKAMBI. Our progress towards this goal in 2017 will be measured primarily by achieving reimbursement for ORKAMBI in Europe and by the subsequent growth in our 2017 revenues. Second: were advancing multiple potential new medicines for CF that may improve treatment and also provide many more people with the first medicine to address the underlying cause of their disease. Over the coming year we expect to obtain data from across our CF pipeline that will mark our progress towards this goal. And third: were committed to reinvesting in our pipeline to create future medicines for other serious specialty diseases beyond CF while creating value for our shareholders. Tonight, Ian and I will briefly review some of the key 2017 milestones and activities that support these goals and how our progress will position the company for continued growth in 2017 and beyond. First: to ORKAMBI and our anticipated revenue growth for 2017. With the approval for use in children ages 6 to 11 ORKAMBI is now approved for approximately 11,000 with CF in the United States. Similar to the launch in those ages 12 and older, weve seen strong uptake of ORKAMBI in younger patients and believe that physicians recognize the importance of starting treatment as early as possible. Given the large number of eligible children and adults whove already started treatment in the U.S. to-date we expect a further growth ORKAMBI in 2017, will come primarily from eligible patients initiating treatment in European countries following the completion of reimbursement discussions. Across Europe, weve completed the clinical and health economic assessments of ORKAMBI in key countries and are actively engaged in reimbursement discussions that would enable patients to initiate treatment with ORKAMBI. Importantly we recently reached a formal reimbursement agreement in Germany that we believe reflects the value that ORKAMBI provides to eligible patients. We expect to conclude additional reimbursement discussions in 2017 and anticipate rapid uptake of ORKAMBI following these reimbursement decisions which will drive revenue growth beginning this year. We are confident that it is not a question of if we will achieve reimbursement outside the U.S. but a question of when. Now, to our pipeline of other potential new medicines for CF, our goal is to create new medicines to treat the underlying cause of CF for all people with the disease. We have potential CF medicines in all stages of research and development and expect to obtain important value defining data from across our CF pipeline of age approved and investigational medicines throughout 2017. In the first half of this year we expect to obtain data from the Phase III program of tezacafter in combination with ivacafter in two large groups of people with CF, those were two copies of delta-508 mutation and those with one copy of the delta-508 mutation and one copy of a residual function mutation. These data are intended to support an NDA and MAA submission in the second half of this year. Additionally the Phase III studies are together expected to enroll more than 1,000 people with CF and will thus provide a robust evaluation of the safety of the tezacafter/ivacafter combination, an important consideration for the ongoing development of our triple combination regimens that also contain our next-generation corrector. We have four next-generation correctors currently in clinical development including two ongoing Phase II studies evaluating the next-generation correctors VX-440 and VX-152 as part of a triple combination in people with one copy of the delta-508 mutation and one copy of a minimal function mutation and in people with two copies of the delta-508 mutation. The third next-generation corrector VX-659 is currently being evaluated in the Phase I study in healthy volunteers NCF patients. And the fourth, VX-445 is expected to enter a Phase I study next month. Most importantly we expect to have data in people with CF from three of these studies in the second half of this year. We believe that based on our in-vitro data, a triple combination of a next-generation corrector with tezacafter and ivacafter could provide benefit for any person with CF who is at least one delta-508 mutation, approximately 90% of all people with the disease. 2017 will be a year of multiple important data events that will inform us as to the potential of our CF pipeline to both enhance treatment and also treat many more people in the years ahead. We look forward to updating you on our progress in CF throughout the year. Before turning the call over to Ian to discuss our financial position, I will briefly review the key pillars of our research strategy which is designed to support the creation of future medicines focused on serious specialty diseases that are aligned to Vertex as corporate strategy and core capabilities. First, were going to focus on validated targets to address the underlying cause of disease just like we did with CFTR and CF. Second were committed to developing assays both at the cell level and in humans that predict clinical efficacy. Third, were only interested in discovering and developing transformative medicines for serious specialty diseases. Taken together, we believe this will allow us to identify rapid paths for clinical trials and registration just as we have in CF. With these principles in mind, weve refined our internal research focus to ensure that the types of molecules we may discover in research would also be the types of medicines that we would seek to develop and commercialize ourselves. Today were focused on diseases in our research labs that are consistent with these research principles including Adrenoleukodystrophy, Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency, Sickle Cell Disease and Polycystic Kidney Disease. We look forward to updating you on these and other similar programs as they progress over the coming years. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thanks Jeff; and hello everyone. Tonight Ill discuss our fourth quarter and full-year CF revenues and revenues for ORKAMBI and KALYDECO. And I will also review our 2017 financial guidance. Our total CF product revenues in the fourth quarter of 2016 were $454 million, compared to $401 million for 2015. Our full-year 2016 CF product revenues were approximately $1.68 billion a significant increase compared to $982 million for 2015. For ORKAMBI, we reported fourth quarter 2016 product revenues of approximately $277 million, a significant increase compared to $220 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. Full-year product revenues for ORKAMBI grew to $980 million in 2016 from $351 million for 2015. 2015 revenues for ORKAMBI reflect two quarters of sales following the approval of the medicine in the U.S. in July 2015. Fourth quarter KALYDECO sales were $177 million compared to $181 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. Full-year product revenues for KALYDECO grew to $703 million for 2016 from $632 million for 2015. Now to operating expenses. Our fourth quarter 2016 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $295 million compared to $282 million for 2015. Our non-GAAP net profit for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $88 million or $0.35 per diluted share compared to a non-GAAP net profit of $44 million or $0.18 per diluted share for 2015. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended 2016 with approximately $1.43 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. As part of the recently announced out-license agreement with Merck KGaA, for our oncology portfolio, we will receive an upfront cash payment of $230 million that would add to our current cash position in the first quarter of 2017 further strengthening our financial position. This agreement and the related upfront payment, is subject to the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. As we significantly added to our cash position over the recent months, we remain highly focused on reinvestment into our business to support our future growth. Internally, this means we will continue to invest in key research programs to create future medicines and externally, this means business development efforts will remain focused on bolstering our position in CF, expanding our non-CF pipeline with early stage external assets and expanding our access to important scientific technologies that could represent transformative future changes to medicine. Now to the financial guidance for 2017 which we discussed in detail in our JPMorgan press release. For ORKAMBI we expect $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in total net product revenues. The low-end of this range reflects potential revenues from markets where ORKAMBI is currently reimbursed including the U.S. in eligible patients ages 6 and older, and outside the U.S. mainly in Germany, in eligible patients ages 12 and older. The high-end of the range reflects an estimated potential, additional European revenues in 2017 that is largely dependent on which European countries complete reimbursement agreements in 2017 and when these agreements become effective. Stated differently, revenue growth for ORKAMBI will be driven primarily by the completion of reimbursement discussions in Europe later this year. We continue to expect our first quarter 2017 ORKAMBI revenues will be similar to the fourth quarter 2016 given the majority of eligible patients in the U.S. have initiated treatment. For KALYDECO, we expect $690 million to $710 million in net product revenues. As the majority of all patients eligible for KALYDECO have initiated treatment, further growth for KALYDECO revenues will only be driven by potential U.S. approval for treatment of people with residual function mutations. Additionally, we expect to combine non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.25 billion to $1.3 billion for 2017 compared to $1.2 billion for 2016. This reflects investments in our CF pipeline and in our global infrastructure for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. Our path to treating many more people with CF which will result in significant and sustained revenue growth is clear. Importantly, as our revenues grow over future years, were committed to managing our operating expenses to drive earnings and operating margin growth. With that, I will open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Great good afternoon I appreciate it, thanks for taking the question. Can I ask on the VX-150 not an area that I think a lot of us are as familiar with can you put any context what you see as the sort of key competitive hurdles and how you plan to further develop that compound?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, this is Jeff, thanks for the question Matthew. This is the first time weve really spent a lot of time talking about this, looking at the clinical results. Maybe to start-off and take a step-back and remind you that obviously pain is an enormous indication actually multiple indications around the world that really hasnt been a novel pain mechanism of action probably in 40 or 50 years. And obviously the recent attention on some of the side-effects with pain medicines line opioid has made that even more urgent problem. You probably also know that the NAV channels are interesting because both NAV 1.7 and 1.8 has been validated genetically in humans, meaning that patients who have homozygous loss-of-function mutations in 1.7 really dont feel any pain as those of the famous fire-walkers and patients that have various gaining functions in 1.8 have hyperacute pain syndromes. So, one of the reasons that are exciting to us is, as theyve hit the Vertex strategy of having a validated target in the area of large unmet need where if you had a medicine that could have that kind of pain efficacy without the pain side-effects some of the others youd obviously have a very important new medicine for patients. So thats sort of the background. Weve been working on 1.7 and 1.8, actually for some time in our San Diego labs, this is the first one of those molecules were bringing forward 1.50 to 1.8 inhibitor. And in this study which was a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled crossover study which is probably the most powerful kind of study in pain because of the placebo effects. What we saw was the statistically significant reduction in pain using the WOMAC scale and also a number of other secondary end-points that were all consistent with that. And the tolerability profile that actually was quite good in 124 patients. So that tells us that works in just kind of chronic away pain again as very different as you know from acute pain and its very different from neuropathic pain. And so, in order to fully understand the profile of this molecule, our plan is to take it forward in a couple of more exploratory studies one of two pain studies this year and then one in neuropathic pain probably starting later this year or over the next year. When we have the results from those well really understand what we have here and then we could really make decisions about how to bring it forward to patients most quickly, and these different indications what are involved with the potential involvement of the partner might be etcetera. All those questions are little bit premature. I think you should really take away, its yet another novel mechanism of action potential transformative medicine to come out of the labs and because of that large unmet need, were excited about it.
Matthew Harrison: And just for clarity why not move, it ahead in LA right now, is it because of the competitive landscape or because of commercial considerations including partnering?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, great question. I think in pain, with the experiences that Ive had in my career, you really want to understand the molecule fully to understand how you develop it to its fullest potential for patients. And while we could take it forward in LA now, which is a large study and actually would probably not be consistent with our commercializing it. I think were going to do, were going to create a lot more value as we first fully understand the mechanism across for three different types of pain, then we can make a really rational development plan. And I still think we have a nice competitive position even while doing that.
Matthew Harrison: Okay, great thanks
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays.
Geoff Meacham: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the questions. So, when you look at the 661 data in the first half, is it more important in the near term to have a new product cycle for ORKAMBI or are you guys thinking about this as being the cornerstone of a triple, I guess more of a focus on, is it more of a focus on limiting Bronchoconstriction rather than higher FAB one? And I have a follow-up too.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, thanks, Geoff. As you know, weve always talked about 661 is having at least three goals. One, exactly as you said is if it had an enhanced benefit tolerability profile and delta-508 to delta-508 that are currently being treated with ORKAMBI, obviously that would be important because we do have a subset of those patients that has not been able to tolerate ORKAMBI due to respiratory effects and wed be able to reach more of those patients with such a combo. The second purpose really is around those patients who are on KALYDECO monotherapy because they have a gating residual function mutation; remember 90% of those patients have delta-508 and other allele. And so, if you could add tezacafter to ivacafter in those patients and produced enhanced benefit that would obviously be very, very important for those patients. And youll remember that we actually published a Phase II study a couple of years ago a small number of patients but it was impressive and that it showed adding tezacafter/ivacafter in those patients added an additional about 4.6% increase in the FEB-1 and that was a significant result. If we could reproduce that in our residual function and gating mutations in this larger study that's going to be very important for that population of patients and obviously somewhat important competitively as well since we try to move most of those patients on to the double regimen. And then the final one, just as you said is the basis for the triple regimen and here were going to have 1,000 plus patients of safety data in particular on 661 plus ivacafter meaning that two of the three components would have been fully vetted in our combination and we would only have to add the one component the next-gen corrector which we think moves that program ahead considerably and also gives us a pretty nice competitive advantage. So I think about it with those three different perspectives and frankly all of them are important but anyone of them could be successful.
Geoff Meacham: Got you, okay. And Jeff I know you guys have talked about the productivity of your technology when you look at generating new correctors. What would you say is the optimal number of leads or backups should we expect to see more going into Phase I, just that JPM obviously we added 445 to the pipeline but is for Next-Gen enough?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, I mentioned that we literally have hundreds of these now obviously, were not going to bring hundreds forward into the clinic. Were bringing forward molecules that we think have particularly interesting and advantageous properties compared to what is there. My hope is that at some point maybe relatively soon well stop because one of these looks very, very good as it goes through Phase II and were ready and off to the races and it's going to be hard to improve on it, sort of like KALYDECO was an example. But until we see the data, Im just happy to have multiple swings at the ball and I think you can expect potentially to see even another one come this year depending on the data that we start to generate.
Geoff Meacham: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Yee: Thanks, I have to two questions. One is following up on 661 on the efficacy side of the equation. Do you guys have confidence that its at least as good as ORKAMBI? And if it was not for some reason given there's only been short-term studies, is there a rationale for not filing in that situation and just using it as a triple, if it was lower with that change of confidence on the triple overall? And then the second follow-up question is, as you are mentioning a lot of comments around business development which we appreciate. Are you pretty focused on very early stage stuff or should we not be surprised if you do something different than early stage? Thanks so much.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, Mike, this is Jeff. Ill take the first one and then Ian can take the BD question. With respect to 661 and efficacy, obviously the reason were doing the study is to get the final answer in a large number of patients. But the reason were doing this study is that our Phase II data just supports the notion that it has an efficacy profile that was as, good or better than ORKAMI. And were going to find out a large number of patients for longer now. With respect to I think just sort of asking what would be a positive or what would be a good result, I thought Id interpret your question. A good result to me would be a drug thats approvable with enhanced benefit tolerability profile in one of those groups of patients that I told you about that would be success and the safety database that was consistent with taking it forward as part of the triple.
Ian Smith: Yes, Michael, two BD questions. As Ive said many times on this call, its really a three-pronged approach. Firstly, we look at most things pretty much everything thats involved with cystic fibrosis that may be complimentary to how were progressing, our own medicines. And we actually - usually get the opportunity to work with a lot of those, lets call them other ideas internally in our labs in San Diego and run them through our assays. So we get a pretty good look at how to progress in the area of CF that is number one priority. Secondarily Id say that the last couple of years weve also understood how we may expand our scientific footprint and couple of markers for progression there, the two deals, recently one with Moderna Therapeutics and the other with CRISPR for gene editing and theyve allowed us different modalities, different approaches to solving some of the problems were trying to solve. And then to your point, there is a third like to our BD approach in corporate development and that is potentially in licensing, potentially smaller M&A, but it is really focused on early-stage. Our priorities today in the business as I said is about growing our, as well as growing our revenues but growing our cystic fibrosis franchise and expanding scientific modalities. And if we can expand our efforts into other diseases, we will at the right time.
Michael Yee: Okay. Thanks that's helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Jefferies.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, thanks very much for taking my questions. Two questions, first, I wonder if you had any updated sense of how compliance persistence and tolerability in the 6 to 11-year-olds, compares to adults. And secondly I know youve mentioned that the NDA for tezacafter and KALYDECO would include data from the het/min study that was discontinued. I just wanted to follow-up and see whether at this point you had received the data and if you could potentially provide any general sense as to trends on lung function or biomarkers or perhaps rates of A&E including bronchoconstriction how those looked relative to prior ORKAMBI Phase II in the het/min population? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hi Brian, its Stuart here. Ill take the question on 6 to 11 compliance and persistence. And really its too early to tell in that population in terms of actual data from the real world as it were. There are some reasons to be optimistic that it could potentially be better than in the 12 plus population, couple of reasons for that, one we know from the clinical data that we have generated in 6 to 11 population that we do see less of the respiratory adverse events that we know were, so important to some of the early discontinuations we saw with ORKAMBI in the adult population. In addition, we also know from KALYDECO and indeed from many other chronic therapies that compliance in the 6 to 11 patient group not surprisingly because of the parental supervision tends to be as high as it is, if not higher than it is in any of the patient group. So, we dont have actual data really thats mature in the real world but I think there are some reasons to be optimistic that it could be higher than in the adult population. And for the second part of your question, Ill hand that over to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, hi, Brian. So, I think the second part of your question was about the het/min data from the tezacafter trial, yes, weve seen that data, by the way the data safety monitoring board has also evaluated that data. At some point well publish it Im not going to go into detail, I will just say that there were no new or concerning safety signals seen in that population of a little over 100 patients.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Maybe first just Stuart to follow-up, can you tell us what's embedded in your ORKAMBI guidance for assumptions on persistence and adherence in younger population?
Ian Smith: Terence, Im actually going to take that question. We provided guidance for ORKAMBI at JPMorgan as you know, that was $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. The assumptions are underneath the model, what well do more towards providing you with revenue guidance and then also updating you on timing as we gather reimbursements at the different markets. Just a quick commentary to the $1.1 billion to the $1.3 billion though, the $1.1 billion thats the low-end of our guidance range is principally from the U.S. markets that does assume some growth in the 6 to 11 population, so it also does assume that there are some loss of patients due to the chronic nature of this medicine. And then the growth beyond the 1.1 or towards the 1.3 potentially above it if its possible will be driven by European reimbursement and approvals in the different markets and a key contributor to the growth of the revenue line in 2017 will be France.
Terence Flynn: Okay, thanks Ian. And then just maybe one on the pipeline I think youre expecting VX-371 plus ORKAMBI Phase II data in the mid-point of the year. Maybe just help remind us what you guys want to see to move forward with that combination or assuming maybe youd move forward with 371 plus 661 KALYDECO?
Stuart Arbuckle: Well, Ill take that Terence, first of all I appreciate you recognizing, it was a transaction that we did in terms of in licensing because there was something thats going to one of the questions that was earlier on the call where we were able to scan the landscape the CF medicines and we werent able to work with [indiscernible] and we saw in-vitro e-NAV inhibitor [ph] together with our own medicines we actually saw an additive benefit in our in vitro assay. So, that's why we move forward with that transaction. Were happy to say were now in Phase II where we are studying inhibitor with ORKAMBI combination in 508-508 patients and we expect that data in the second half of the year. Data to move forward obviously we want to see a proof of concept of the combination of inhibitor with ORKAMBI in the 508-508 patient and well be looking for risk-benefits and progressing based on that proof of study concept.
Terence Flynn: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: Hi, good afternoon guys thanks for taking the question. I actually have two of them for you as well. I guess, first of all now that the list price has been published in Germany can you discuss how that may or may not impact or facilitate pricing discussions with other European countries? And then the follow-up is just curious when we could perhaps expect to start hearing of progress on the gene editing and/or mRNA fronts? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Sure Cory. As I said we have come to a pricing agreement with the German authorities at the backend of last year which became public in the middle of this month and we're pleased to have reached that point with the German authorities. In terms of the impact it's likely to have on other negotiations both firstly it shows that we're able to come to an agreement with a very major market in Europe, it certainly puts a benchmark out there in terms of a price because the price is in the public domain. And I hope its certainly going to encourage other governments in the interest of the patients in their countries who were waiting to get access to this great medicine that its going to encourage them to act with a sense of urgency. Exactly what that means kind of quantitatively is really very hard to say but hopefully it encourages other governments to act as the German government has.
Ian Smith: And Cory I'll take the second part on gene editing and RNA therapy. As you remember with the CRISPR collaboration and gene editing is multi- indication collaboration with fixed indication that we can choose from. Weve announced two which is CF and hemoglobinopathies, youve probably seen the CRISPR has recently announced their intention to try to get the hemoglobinopathy program into the clinic later this year were really pleased with how that's going that's obviously a bit of an easier progress because of the gene editing. We're continuing to work on CF and as we get products that we think are approaching the clinic well start to tell you about them. Somewhat similar is Moderna, Moderna has been a more recent collaboration where we are looking at CF only right now and as we get products that actually we believe to move into the clinic well start to give you updates on some of those time lines.
Cory Kasimov: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI.
Mark Schoenebaum: Hi gents, thanks for taking the question. I was wondering back on ORKAMBI could you just give us an update as to where you guys are in French negotiations and remind us how big that market is. And then I think the news on 150 is great today so just a question to make - reduce my workload because I'm lazy. Is there anything else outside of CF that we could see this year that could just kind of pop up like this that we should be aware of? And thanks for everything while I was out guys thanks for helping out my team.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, Mark, first of all, this is Jeff. Welcome back, thats most important.
Mark Schoenebaum: Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Im going to let Stuart answer your first question Ill come on your second one.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hi Mark, so in terms of where we are in France. You know these negotiations while theyre kind of different country by country, all fall in the same process. They have a clinical benefit assessment, the health technology assessments and then a pricing negotiation. And in France, as with most of the other markets in the EU, we are in that third phase of negotiations with France talking about the specific pricing and reimbursement parameters. So thats the phase that were in right now. And obviously were looking forward to try and bring those to a successful conclusion for the patients in France. Many of them are already enjoying the benefits of ORKAMBI.
Jeff Leiden: Let me take the second part of your question Mark, I dont want to give all the thunder, we like some of these surprises. But just to give you a little bit of the landscape. First of all, as you know we out-licensed flu compound to J&J, theyve been progressing that compound nicely. And so its possible that over the next year or so youll start to hear some more proof of concept there. Let them speak to the timelines but I think its possible. Oncology, we just out-licensed four assets to Merck KGaA. One of those is in Phase II and again depending on how theyve progressed the program I think you could hear some proof of concept there. Obviously the proof of concept, most importantly for us is going to be the proof of concept studies with the next-gen correctors which youll definitely hear in the second half of this year. And then I would say stay tuned for maybe another program or two to enter the clinic this year, but were going to surprise you with those.
Mark Schoenebaum: And then a question for Ian. Ian, are you sporting a beard these days or no beard?
Ian Smith: Welcome back Mark, Im not sporting a beard.
Mark Schoenebaum: Take care. Thanks guys.
Ian Smith: Welcome back Mark, good to hear you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Leerink Partners.
Geoffrey Porges: Thanks very much for taking the question. First, Stuart or Ian could you give us a breakout of revenue for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI U.S. and ex-U.S. and then the updated patient starts to products if you will? And then secondly just going back to the 150 and the pain target, Im just looking at your own pipeline strategy criteria Jeff and wondering how developing a treatment for osteoarthritis fits with these criteria particularly given the target its early stage it's really a widespread disease it's a chronic indication. So should we assume that ultimately that might be a partnering candidate as well given that strategic focus?
Ian Smith:  So Geoff Ill answer on the U.S. ex-U.S., in Q4 of the $177 million that we reported for the fourth quarter $101 million of that was in the U.S., $76 million of that was ex-U.S. so that's the KALYDECO Q4 numbers and that was essentially the same split for the full year. For ORKAMBI of the $277 million in Q4 $248 million of that was U.S. and $29 million of that total was ex-U.S.
Jeff Leiden: And the 150 question, sort of, I thought your question is about strategic commercialization, sort of divided into two parts. There is our research strategy I think youve probably heard me and David R Schuyler talk about a fair amount over the last year or so that is the focus on serious disease with unmet needs, so well get validated targets were going to have assays take response, we could make a transformative medicine. And actually pain in general and NAV channels fit those beautifully, by their fully validated target in serious disease with large unmet need where you can transformative medicine. Then you come to the commercial and development strategies. Pain is an area we could develop but pain isnt really one disease as I said, pain is a number of different diseases, OA is a very different disease as you know from neuropathic pain, imagine from acute pain and there are different medicines that work with different degrees of efficacy in those diseases. And so I would think of pain as a legacy program that fits our scientific strategy extremely well and depending on what the profile of the drug is might fit parts of our commercialization strategy or might be more appropriate with the partner but until we know the whole profile which is sort of easy and cheap to determine at this point we won't be able to come up with a strategy for how to create the maximum value from the assay once we do I think it will be pretty straightforward actually.
Geoffrey Porges: Great. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young from Credit Suisse.
Alethia Young: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. One on 661, just when you saw the power in the study for 661 homozygotes, were they kind of different assumptions than how you thought about it with 809? And the reason why I ask is if I recall correctly, I thought the 809 had two arms where you get to split the power. And then I have one quick question on the residuals.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, so on the 661, strategy the positive sides of the homozygous study which I think is what youre really asking about was driven more by the necessary size of the safety database that it was by the powering for efficacy. Because obviously we need a total safety database which includes all the different trials, fits the business sufficiently large to get approval. And the biggest part of that turned out to be the homozygotes because they are the biggest population and the easiest to enroll the fastest so that's what really drives the size of that study. It is highly powered as it is.
Alethia Young: And then just on the residual study thats underway like 661, I know you said youre still in discussions with the FDA but I guess maybe can you help us think about what might be compelling data or file-able data more specifically?
Jeff Leiden: Sure. I do want to separate those tow a little bit. The discussions that were having with the FDA now are really around KALYDECO monotherapy, based upon our initial submission which contains a lot of in-vitro data in the 23 different mutations as well as small clinical study. And as you know, we received a complete response letter from that initial application in February of last year and weve been in discussions with them since then because we feel that there is sufficient data to very clearly show that the drug works as monotherapy in those patients, so thats one set of discussions which you should think of it separate from the new trials that were talking about. The new trials that youre talking about are part of the 661 program, and that that particular residual function trial there is a placebo arm, KALYDECO monotherapy on and a KALYDECO plus tezacafter arm. So were going to actually be able to see, compare those three if you will. And that data would hopefully provide the basis for submitting either KALYDECO monotherapy or dual therapy or both in the U.S. and Europe and thats the data that well see in the first half of this year. Is that clear how the two things are moving.
Alethia Young: Yes, thats helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks. Operator we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ying Huang: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Number one I want to probe a little more about these 6 to 11-year old in the U.S. given the number at about 2,400 patients, I'm a little surprised that you do not expect much incremental growth for ORKAMBI from 4Q 2016 to 1Q. And then I have another question on the VX-659 because the trial product has been posted on [indiscernible], you guys are excluding patients or healthy volunteers with any childbearing potential so just curious did you observe any preclinical reproductive molecule or not? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Hi Ying, its Ian, remember JPMorgan I think you asked the very same question. We provided guidance in 4Q actually, and that was we stated we expected Q1 for ORKAMBI to be similar to that of Q4 2016. And in that assumption were trying to help folks like yourself understand how the revenues may flow in 2017 with helping you understand that the low-end of the guidance is still revenues are coming from those approved markets and those approved indications or patient categories that are already here. Within that assumption, there is some expectation of growth but were already treating the vast majority of the patients within those categories. So even though we may add new patients, new growth, it is somewhat offset by the loss of patients that are already currently on the medicine, they work currently on the medicine. And were also trying to help you understand that as we go out through the year, as the low-end of the guidance is 1.1, we do expect that to be the kind of the exit run-rate to 2016 and the earlier part of 2017 because we anticipate the growth which would be mainly from ex-U.S. markets and principally Europe that would be in the second half of the year as I mentioned earlier on the call a key contributor to that is actually France. So were still in the same position in the same discussion we had back at JPMorgan.
Jeff Leiden: So Ying Huang, 659, question on report tax, we dont have the pre-clinical report tax data yet, and so exclusion nearly represents a typical caution until we have that data.
Ying Huang: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions and fitting me in. Just two, I guess, first, on Germany. In the past, at some point you saw that there was maybe some hesitation among physicians to prescribe ORKAMBI to patients in Germany without a final price. So, Im curious whether you think that impediment continues to exist and now that you have that final price, would there be an uptick in the Eastern Germany? Thats the first question. And then the second question is on the study were looking at KALYDECO plus tezacafter versus KALYDECO and placebo and the residual function of patients. Is there any requirement for that study to how a benefit of KALYDECO plus tezacafter over KALYDECO monotherapy alone or is it the really compare versus placebo in order for them to be able to be secured? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Okay, Phil, its Stuart here. Ill take your question on Germany. Actually we dont believe that the hesitation to prescribe has been due to uncertainty about the final price that we would agree in Germany. The relatively slow uptake weve seen in Germany I think is due to a couple of things. Notably the lack of experience many centers had with CFTR modulators at the launch of KALYDECO because of the fragmented nature of the market and because in general a more conservative nature and approach to new medicines in Germany in that market compared to other markets in Europe. And so, Im not really expecting the fact that weve been able to reach a final pricing agreement with the German authorities to significantly change the perception of ORKAMBI in the eyes of German physicians.
Jeff Leiden: Phil this is Jeff, on your 661, residual function question, each of the arms KALYDECO monotherapy and 661 plus KALYDECO would be compared to the placebo arm. And in terms of what would be required to get approval is really going to depend on the profiles of each of those. So its not only about efficacy, its about tolerability, its about the overall profile. So when we see the data I think well be able to give you a pretty good sense of which direction were going to take that.
Phil Nadeau: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Michael Partridge: That will conclude our call. This is Michael Partridge. Thanks for your questions tonight. Thanks for tuning in. The investor relations team is available for any follow-up that you have after the call. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. And you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. David Matthew Altshuler - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC John Scotti - Evercore Group LLC Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Tony Butler - Guggenheim Partners Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions. This conference call is recorded and there will be a replay available later tonight. You can access the webcast live by going to our website. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer will provide prepared remarks on this call. They will be joined by Dr. David Altshuler, Chief Scientific Officer for the Q&A portion of the call. We will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K, which has been filed with the SEC. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our drug candidates, our expectations regarding our approved medicines and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions, actual outcomes and events. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Vertex's strategy in cystic fibrosis is to treat as many people with CF as possible, and to continue to enhance the clinical benefits for those treated by our medicines. Our long-term goal is to reduce the progressive and irreversible effects of CF by treating the underlying cause of the disease. There are three key components to our strategy. First, to increase the number of eligible patients being treated with our approved medicines, mainly by obtaining reimbursement for ORKAMBI for more patients outside of the U.S. Second, to further expand the labels for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI around the world and third, to develop new combination regimens with CFTR modulators, designed to enhance benefit for all patients. This evening, I'm pleased to report that we continue to make excellent progress on all of these fronts. Last month, the FDA approved ORKAMBI for the treatment of children with CF, ages six through 11, who have two copies of the F508del mutation. With this approval, approximately 29,000 patients worldwide are now eligible for our medicines. Today, we are treating approximately 9,000 of these 29,000 eligible patients. Moving forward, we remain focused on expanding access to ORKAMBI and KALYDECO, for the many eligible patients, who are still awaiting treatment, largely through obtaining reimbursement for ORKAMBI in Europe, Canada, and Australia. We are also continuing to make progress and our efforts to expand the labels for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. In the U.S., we're focused on obtaining approval for KALYDECO in patients with residual function mutations. And in the EU, we expect data this quarter from our Phase 3 trial of ORKAMBI in children ages six through 11, who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. If successful, these would represent approximately 5,000 additional patients, who may benefit from our approved medicines. Beyond this important progress, our long-term goal is to treat all people with CF. During the last year, we have significantly advanced our CF pipeline, which now spans all phases of research and development. Today, we announced the planned initiation of two separate Phase 2 studies of our next-generation correctors, VX-440 and VX-152 in people with CF, and also a Phase 1 study with third next-generation corrector, VX-659, is part of a triple combination. These studies represent significant milestones in our efforts to treat as many people with CF as possible and will provide the first safety and clinical efficacy data in patients including het/min patients for a triple combination regimen that includes a next-generation corrector. We expect to have data from the Phase 2 studies in the second half of 2017. Additionally, we look forward to obtaining Phase 3 data for the combination regimen of VX-661, which now carries the generic name tezacaftor and ivacaftor in the first half of 2017. As we enter the fourth quarter of 2016, Vertex is a global biotech company that has discovered and developed two breakthrough medicines for people with CF, while broadening our pipeline of future medicines. Our significant revenue growth and return to profitability over the past year are metrics of the kind of company that we are becoming. A company that consistently creates transformative medicines for patients and deliver significant and sustained revenue and earnings growth for our shareholders. With that, I'll hand the call over to Stuart to discuss the performance of our medicines.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Tonight, I will review the performance of ORKAMBI, our ongoing efforts to obtain reimbursement in Europe, the label expansion for children, ages six through 11 in the United States, and the outlook for KALYDECO. In the third quarter, global sales of ORKAMBI were $234 million, comprised of U.S. sales of $211 million and ex-U.S. sales of $23 million. This quarter, sales in the U.S. declined compared to the second quarter of this year, largely due to a slowing in refills during the summer months of July and August. We have now seen the vast majority of these patients refill their prescriptions. The overall compliance and persistence rates, we are observing remain as we outlined earlier in the year. During the quarter, patients in the U.S. continued to initiate treatment at a slower rate as we approach peak penetration in the U.S. for patients aged 12 and over. As of the end of September, approximately 6,400 patients in the U.S. have initiated therapy on ORKAMBI. Last month, we revised our 2016 ORKAMBI revenue guidance to be between $950 million and $990 million for the full year and we are reiterating that guidance today. U.S. treatment trends were one reason for the revised guidance. And the other main driver was the ongoing launch in Germany, which has been slower than expected. As of September 30, approximately 500 of the 2,500 eligible patients have initiated treatment in Germany. We remain confident that we will treat the vast majority of eligible patients over time in Germany, but it will take longer than we had originally anticipated to reach that goal. In contrast to Germany, we continue to see a strong demand in France, where approximately 900 of the 1,500 eligible patients have initiated therapy through early access programs as of the end of September. I would note that we're not recognizing revenue for these patients in France, until we achieve a formal reimbursement agreement. Throughout Europe, reimbursement is progressing as anticipated. While there are unique aspects to each process, reimbursement typically falls into three phases, a clinical benefit assessment, an economic evaluation, and price negotiations. In several countries, benefit assessments and economic evaluations are complete. We're pleased that government pay us across Europe, recognized the severity of this disease and the broad clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. We have now entered the third phase of the reimbursement process, which includes price negotiations in many key countries. While the process takes time to complete, we believe that we will achieve broad reimbursement from key European and other government payers. We expect our first pricing agreement in a major European market to come in Germany this December. Pricing and reimbursement approvals for patients eligible for ORKAMBI outside of the U.S. are expected to drive significant revenue growth in 2017. I will now turn to our recent sNDA approval for ORKAMBI announced last month. We were delighted the FDA approved ORKAMBI for the treatment of children ages six through 11, who have two copies of the F508del mutation and since then we've been working to get the medicine to the approximately 2,400 eligible patients as rapidly as possible. Interest in ORKAMBI for this age group has been very high and our interactions with public and private payers have been productive. We expect broad coverage of ORKAMBI for these patient population, as payers have already evaluated the product after approval last year in patients 12 years and older. Thanks to the commitment of healthcare providers at CF centers across the country. I'm pleased to report the first children ages six through 11 are already receiving ORKAMBI. We expect the launch to drive revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2016 and in 2017. Turning to KALYDECO, net revenues for the product were $176 million in the third quarter. We are now treating the vast majority of currently eligible patients and therefore we expect this level of quarterly revenues to be maintained in the near-term unless KALYDECO is approved in CF patients with residual function mutations. Today there are approximately 29,000 people eligible for ORKAMBI or KALYDECO globally. Yet, we are only treating approximately one-third of these patients. Therefore expanding access to both of our medicines for eligible patients around the world is our top priority. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Chodakewitz.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Stuart. Tonight, I will review the significant progress we are making with our CF pipeline and I'll start with the Phase 3 program of tezacaftor. We believe the investigational combination of tezacaftor and ivacaftor could play an important role in the treatment of people with CF. Enrollment is now complete in the Phase 3 study in F508del homozygous patients and also in the study in people who have residual function mutations. Data from both studies are expected in the first half of 2017. The Phase 3 study in people with gating mutations is expected to complete enrollment in early 2017. Pending data from the Phase 3 program, we plan to submit an NDA in the U.S. for tezacaftor and ivacaftor in the second half of 2017. I'd like to turn now to the progression of our next-generation correctors and triple combination regimens. Our research and development strategy is to advance multiple compounds into development on the basis of our predictive preclinical assays and on Phase 1 safety studies, so we can choose the best combinations to evaluate in Phase 3 development. The advancement of VX-440 and VX-152 into Phase 2, and the selection of VX-659 for clinical development reflect the strategy. VX-440 and VX-152 will evaluate triple combination dosing for four weeks and two weeks respectively. And we'll evaluate both het/min and F508del homozygous patients. Data from both of these studies are expected in the second half of 2017. The Phase 2 study of VX-440 includes three parts, each has a different strategic objective but shares the same primary endpoints of safety and efficacy as measured by absolute change in lung function. Slide eight of the webcast, outlines some of the study's key features. Part A is focused on het/min patients, and part B will enroll F508del homozygous patients. Parts A and B of the study will evaluate triple combination dosing for four weeks, and we expect to have the data in the second half of 2017. The potential initiation of Phase 3 development will depend on these data and discussions with regulatory agencies. Part C is designed to generate 12-week safety and efficacy data for triple combination dosing in het/min patients and will run largely in parallel with potential Phase 3 development and we'll evaluate the contribution of the individual components to the overall triple combination regimen. Slide nine of our webcast outlines the Phase 2 study of VX-152. This study includes two parts; the primary end-point of safety and tolerability, but a key focus will also be looking at measures of efficacy including absolute change in lung function and change in sweat chloride among others. Part A will enroll het/min patients and Part B will enroll F508del homozygous patients. The VX-152 study will evaluate triple combination dosing for two weeks and data are also expected in the second half of 2017, and are intended to support the potential initiation of a longer duration Phase 2b or registration program, pending data and discussions with regulatory agencies. Our Phase 1 studies in healthy volunteers and other pre-clinical studies provide support for advancing both VX-440 and VX-152 into Phase 2 development, and have informed the designs of the Phase 2 studies we're announcing today. Based on Phase 1 learnings, we believe VX-440 may have a wider therapeutic window and this is the reason that the VX-440 study will evaluate four-week dosing from the outset. We also noted in our press release today, a specific contraception requirement for females of child bearing potential seeking to enroll in the VX-440 study. This enrollment criterion was based on recent results from pre-clinical development toxicology studies. Based on laboratory findings from our Phase 1 study of VX-152, we're also excluding patients with G6PD deficiency from the Phase 2 studies of VX-152 and also VX-440. G6PD deficiency and CF prevalence have limited (13:50) geographic overlap and therefore the incidence of G6PD in the CF population is very low. We estimate this impacts less than 1% of all CF patients overall. I will just make a few comments on the in-vitro profile for VX-659 highlighted here on slide 10. In our HBE assays, the use of a triple combination that contains VX-659 with tezacaftor and ivacaftor resulted in maximal efficacy that was greater than that seen with VX-440 or VX-152 in triple combination. Additionally, VX-659 is highly potent in-vitro, which makes it favorable for a combination with other molecules. The Phase 1 study of VX-659 will be very similar to those we conducted for VX-440 and VX-152. Pending data from healthy volunteers, we plan to conduct the first evaluation of VX-659 in CF patients as part of the initial Phase 1 study. We expect to initiate Phase 2 development for VX-659 in the second half of 2017, pending data from the Phase 1 study. Stepping back from the trial designs, we believe, we are in a strong position to define the clinical activity of three different next generation correctors in patients and have data in 2017 that enhance the probability of success for our next-generation corrector program. The studies we are conducting with VX-440 and VX-152 could provide data sufficient to move to pivotal development, accelerating our ability to deliver significant clinical benefits to even more patients than we treat today. I look forward to providing updates on our triple combination regimens as they progress. Before, I hand the call over to Ian, I did want to mention, one additional clinical milestone we expect to achieve before the end of this year. Data from a Phase 3 efficacy study to support approval for ORKAMBI in children ages six through 11 in Europe is expected in the fourth quarter. Pending data from this study, we plan to submit an MAA variation in the EU in the first half of 2017. With that, I'll hand the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. Good evening to everyone. As you've heard tonight, we continue to make significant progress across our business. In my opening remarks today, I will review our third quarter financial results, review our 2016 financial guidance and discuss our anticipated financial trajectory into 2017 and longer-term. Financial results first. In the third quarter of 2016, we reported total net CF product revenues of approximately $410 million, growing 38% compared to the third quarter of last year, of the number of patients being treated with our medicines significantly increased with the launch of ORKAMBI in July 2015. Our third quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $298 million, including R&D expenses of $214 million and SG&A expenses of $84 million. The increased expenses for the third quarter of 2016 compared to 2015 were primarily the result of increased costs related to the progression of our CF pipeline and increased investments in global commercial support for the launch of ORKAMBI. This quarter we recorded a non-GAAP net profit of $40 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $32 million, or $0.13 per share for the third quarter of 2015. This turnaround to profit was driven by a significant increase in revenues compared to the prior year, which outpaced a smaller increase in non-GAAP operating expenses. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the third quarter with a strong cash position of $1.1 billion. Additionally, earlier this month, we've replaced our $300 million term loan with a credit agreement that will significantly lower our interest expense and increase our available credit up to $800 million pending certain conditions. We will continue to build upon our strong financial position going forward. Now, let's turn to 2016 financial guidance. We are reiterating our 2016 ORKAMBI revenue guidance of $950 million to $990 million and within this guidance, we expect ORKAMBI revenues to grow from the third quarter to the fourth quarter of 2016 as children's ages six through 11 initiate treatment in the U.S. As Stuart mentioned earlier, the initial signs of these patients initiating therapy are encouraging. And as we look into 2017, we see continued growth for ORKAMBI, primarily driven by gaining reimbursement approvals throughout Europe and continuing pediatric launch in the U.S. We continue to anticipate 2016 KALYDECO net revenues to be between $685 million and $705 million. As we look forward into 2017, we do not expect significant revenue growth for KALYDECO, if KALYDECO were to be approved in residual function patients that would be the only significant driver of growth for KALYDECO in 2017. For our operating expenses, we continue to expect our combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to be between $1.18 billion and $1.23 billion for the full year. As we look forward to 2017, we anticipate modest growth in operating expenses to support the progression of our CF pipeline and the launch of ORKAMBI in new geographies. As we continue to increase the number of patients that we treat, we expect our revenues to grow significantly in the coming years, while operating expenses will only increase modestly. We are well on track to deliver financial profile that is similar to many of our large cap biotech peers, which includes high operating margins, sustainable earnings growth, and significant cash generation. I'll now open the line to questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Michael Yee of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for the question and congratulations on the updates on everything, particularly the triple. I guess my question on the next-generation compounds is, can you talk a little bit about what you mean by therapeutic window for VX-440, for VX-152, talk a little bit about safety and tolerability, what you saw in PK. Just give a little more color there, that would be helpful in between the two programs. And then just a commercial question for you is in the guidance you have given for the year in ORKAMBI, obviously you're launching the six-year olds to 11-year-olds. What type of cadence or ramp do you expect there? What's in your guidance? Is it a similar ramp to the 12-year old and up, even if these are healthier patients? Just want to understand what you're expecting there. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Mike. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. Maybe I'll start, talk about the next-gen program. We are excited as you said to have both molecules progressing into Phase 2. We think that based on our Phase 1 results, and you know that given our ability to use our preclinical assays, we can look at the exposure and have a sense of whoever is going to get to in the clinic, we think that both compounds are going to go into their Phase 2 studies with doses that are both going to be well tolerated and efficacious and I think that's very exciting. Maybe just to hone in a little bit on your question about therapeutic window, that really comes from both compounds being generally well-tolerated. In VX-152, we did see some GI symptoms mostly nausea and vomiting, and therefore that's the basis for that comment. So for VX-440, we're going right to four week studies and with the potential therefore to accelerate quickly into a Phase 3. And then for VX-152 because of that we are starting with Phase 2 studies and then can extend dosing from that.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And Mike, just to address your question on the six to 11 launch, obviously it's now early days, we've got the approval on the September 28, so we're less than a month in but certainly the early signs are encouraging and you might expect interest is high in using ORKAMBI in this younger patient population. We're making good progress with both, public payers and commercial payers. In terms of securing access and already have approval for about 50% of covered lives which is, obviously, an important prerequisite to getting access to these younger patients, and so, as a result of all that, we are expecting similarly robust uptake for that, which we saw with ORKAMBI in the 12 plus population and that's what's incorporated into our overall guidance.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Barclays. Your question, please?
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Afternoon, guys, thanks for the question and congratulations on the plans for the triple. I just had a couple on that, for either VX-440 or VX-152, can you talk a little bit about what you're looking for FEV1-wise, just from a powering perspective? And then in either Phase 2 is there a washout period for homozygous patients who have had prior exposure to ORKAMBI? And I have one follow-up.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Geoff, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. So, again, I think that as you saw from our Phase 2 designs we're really going to be getting a pretty robust look at how both molecules are going to perform. We're really being able to look at both het/min patients and homozygous patient, which is, I think, very important and the fact that we think that the doses we're going to be taking into Phase 2 can deliver benefit for both populations. That's really  that's really critical. Our Phase 2 studies are really not so much powered on any individual number. They're really giving us a good handle on being able to understand what the drugs are capable of doing and to your point, we are going to actually leverage a washout from ORKAMBI, so that people can participate and we're going to importantly look after the end of dosing and because we think that that follow-up period coming off of treatment actually has been, can be very informative in terms of having confidence in the result. So, that gives you a sense.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay. And just real quick, in the past, you guys have talked about between VX-661 and VX-809, things like tissue penetration differences, half-life differences. Any way to generally characterize what you would say are differences between VX-659, VX-440, and VX-152 just from maybe a PK or chemistry perspective?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, Geoff, maybe I'll just quickly take that because that question is just frequently asked. There are small differences between compounds. I think the major difference is that they are structurally different.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe two from me. Just on the second-gen correctors, can you give us any insight in terms of the dose-limiting talks in the animal models? Was the GI seen there? And then on VX-440, just wondering some more details on the design of Part C of that trial. I was wondering if you have regulatory sign-off to run that as part of Phase 2 rather than include in Phase 3. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, I think in terms of our Phase 1, I think I have given you actually quite the flavor on what we've seen with the  in the healthy volunteers, good tolerability overall. I mentioned the nausea and vomiting. I should clarify that that was at doses  that was absorbed at doses higher than the doses that we're going to be talking into Phase 2, that's how we think about being sure that we have a therapeutic window. In terms of the pre-clinical data, I really can't comment on that level of detail, and of course everything we do as we go forward will be confirmed with regulatory agency.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then on the VX-440 Part C?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I was  sorry Terence, I was going to that part of your question. We can't comment on the individual discussions we're having with regulatory agencies. I think to your  as we talked about that, that is going to accomplish several things. It's going to help us understand the performance of the triple, it's importantly going to give us data on 12-weeks of dosing, and depending on the results that we're seeing as we said this data actually could be done, basically in parallel with Phase 3 study.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Is that the triple versus each of the sub component, each  versus mono of each of the three drugs or is it versus a doublet?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: No. It's really primarily about triple versus doublets.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ying Huang of Bank of America. Your question, please.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And it's great to hear the Phase 2 advancing for the new CF correctors (27:40). So maybe for Steve, you mentioned that 6,400 patients now have started treatment in U.S. for ORKAMBI. That leaves to about another 2,000 patients. Is there a reason we should think of why those 2,000 patients would not initiate therapy, if that's possible? And then secondly, I have a question on, maybe Jeff, on the Phase 2 protocol for these two molecules. Do you think as what we've seen with KALYDECO in G551D patients and also ORKAMBI in homozygous F508 deletion patients, two weeks or even four weeks should be long enough to see a significant improvement in lung function given that these patients have the (28:19) mutation? Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Ying, so thanks for the question. Yes, over 6,400 patients have initiated therapy on ORKAMBI and we're obviously delighted with that. It's over 70% of the eligible patients, but as you said that means that 2,000 are yet to be initiated. Obviously the individual decision about whether a physician and patient want to initiate therapy is one that they have to come to themselves, but we are certainly continuing to see new patients being initiated as we deliver and develop more evidence about the long-term benefits of ORKAMBI, I think that's giving physicians, patients even more reasons to think about whether they would want to be initiated on ORKAMBI. And on the Phase 2 question, I'll hand that over to Jeff.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks, Stuart. Hi, Ying, as you note, we obviously don't have data yet for the triple, but everything that we've seen across our portfolio with modulating CFTR really suggests that both the two-week and the four-week studies are going to be able to give us valuable insights into the potential efficacy of the regimens.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alethia Young of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the progress in Phase 2. On the corrector front with some of these new correctors, I guess how do you think broadly about positioning of these assets? And like you know with the VX-440 and VX-152 compounds, would you think about moving both into Phase 3? And then I have one question about Europe.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Alethia, this is Jeff Leiden, that's more of a strategy question, so maybe I'll take that and first I'll just remind you that our strategy all along has been to develop a portfolio of next-generation correctors, really for two reasons, one they do have different properties, they come in different flavors and we really want to see those different flavors in people and understand how they perform and two, there is a probability of success issue here, right? By bringing three or four of these different correctors into Phase 1 and now in this case Phase 2 studies, it increases the probability of success that will come up with the best regimens for each of the patient populations. And while we can predict an awful lot from our preclinical cellular-based assays, because they predicted quite well on the efficacy front, as a couple of folks noted before, there can be differences in potency and maximal efficacy in drug-like properties and those are best seen really from these Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials and we're learning a lot as we go about these different molecules. Would we ever take two molecules into Phase 3 development? It's absolutely possible just as you've seen with lumacaftor and VX-661, two first-generation correctors because they may also have different profiles. It's just going to depend on the data that we see from these Phase 2 studies, but I think the important thing is the strategy we're taking is this portfolio strategy.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thanks. And then on Europe for Stuart perhaps, maybe with some of the reimbursement conversations, do you find them kind of a different flavor as you go through each country, or there kind of similar themes on what you kind of payers are concerned about for ORKAMBI?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. So the concerns and questions that we get, Alethia, are very consistent. As we've said a number of times, while each process is different, they tend to kind of orient themselves around three phases. One is a discussion of the clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. And in general, we've been very pleased that payers across Europe have recognized the broad clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. Then there is an economic evaluation and after that phase you enter into the price negotiations. And so, while each process is different in each different country, they tend to follow that same pattern, and they are kind of proceeding as we anticipated. And I'd say the last thing is that in addition to evaluating the clinical benefits from an economic perspective, they're concerned about the overall budget impact it might have for them in their individual country.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of Jefferies. Your question, please.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hey, thank you for taking my questions. And my congrats as well on the progress of the next-gen correctors. Two questions, first, I was wondering if you might be able to expand upon the comments you made regarding preclinical tox studies that led you to include contraception and exclude the G6PD deficiency patients for the VX-440 studies. Was that something just related to a hormonal interaction? And then, on the commercial side, I realize it's very early days, but just wondering if you had any sense of compliance and persistence, or at least compliance in the six year old to 11 year old patients relative to what you've seen in adults thus far?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, Brian, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I'll start and then turn it over. Just want to be sure I understand your question. For the preclinical data for VX-440 and contraception, I believe there are a set of standard studies that are done actually on rabbits. And there we test the development of toxicity, the effects of the drug and we did find for VX-440 that they were some abnormality suggesting a potential deleterious effect on the fetus. We don't know whether that actually translates to people, but the prudent thing to do clearly, is to ensure that women in the study are using highly effective contraception and that's what we flagged that we'll be doing that in our Phase 2 study with VX-440.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And on your compliance question, as you say, it's very early days yet, we're just one month into the launch in the six year to 11 year old children. However I think, there are some reasons to be optimistic that the compliance rates there could be higher than we see in teenagers and in young adults. Certainly, that's what we've seen with KALYDECO and that's not atypical for what you see in other chronic disease, is where clearly these young kids are largely, if not exclusively under the supervision of their parents and therefore, compliance rates tend to be at the higher end of the spectrum.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much. I have, two things that I just wanted to ask. So, I guess, both on next-generation correctors. One, can you just compare and contrast, what you would expect to learn from two-weeks of dosing versus four-weeks of dosing and how you would correlate whatever signals you're going to get out of that? How you might move those compounds ahead? And then, second question is can you just tell us the dose levels of VX-152 and VX-440 that you're using in these Phase 2 studies?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hi, Matthew, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. So, let me talk about the two-weeks and four-weeks, because we're actually going to have very similar end-point in both. And as we spoke about earlier actually, we think that both two-weeks and four-weeks are going to be able to give us meaningful information. We're also going to have sweat chloride being evaluated in both trials which will also be valuable. Ultimately, what we're going to do is use all the information, we actually also have a lot work being done to actually understands from a modeling perspective, so that we can get the absolute most information out of our clinical trials. And so we're going to use all that information across both to make the best decisions and we think that that will contribute to both. I think in terms of the specifics of the doses as you may see in this design, we're going to go into patients with the small cohort, that's really just to confirm that that exposure is the same in patients as it is in healthy volunteers, we don't have any reasons to think that it will be different or we're going to do that just to be sure, we're taking the right approach. And then we'll choose our doses from there to confirm for the rest of the trials.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges of Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much for taking the questions and congratulations on advancing some more CF compounds. First, just wondering if on slide 10, you could tell us, where VX-152 fitted compared to VX-440 in tezacaftor in that assay? And then a couple of commercial questions. Ian, you've been fairly clear about, what we should be expecting for KALYDECO in 2017, and there have, certainly, been some ups and downs in both consensus and in guidance this year for ORKAMBI. So, wondering where you would suggest that we sort of should be bracketing for next year for ORKAMBI. There are certainly a lot of variables with Europe, with the pediatric indication coming online in the U.S. so that would be helpful? And then, Stuart, lastly, as you're negotiating price in Europe, could you give us a sense of how you're thinking about having a portfolio of CF combinations? Are you expecting to have them at different price points, so should we be thinking that over time, they gravitate towards a band, regardless of whether it's two or three drugs in the combination? Thanks.
David Matthew Altshuler - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Thanks for the question. This is David Altshuler. I'll take the first part. As we showed last year in the het/min cells and also homozygous cells, VX-152 and VX-440 have very similar levels of max efficacy.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And Geoff, to your question on guidance, I was very clear on KALYDECO in my prepared remarks, where KALYDECO is treating roughly 90% of eligible patients that it's  and it has a very good persistence rate and compliance rate, and we'd anticipate that continuing on into next year. So, as you see the current quarterly run rate for KALYDECO, we see that continuing on in 2017, the market for that potentially increasing would be if we were able to gather residual function approval, and as Jeff Chodakewitz explained, we are currently in discussions with the regulatory authorities in the U.S. regarding that approval and that continues that discussion. Regarding ORKAMBI, it's still too early to say. We're very comfortable with the guidance we've provided through the end of this year of $950 million to $990 million and that does include the recent pediatric approval. As we look to 2017, we'll probably thinking about how we give guidance around the U.S. market and maybe Germany as well, because we do have visibility and knowledge to those markets in terms of the other international markets of how quickly and the timing that they come on, we just need to get that some thought over the next few months of whether we actually try to provide a bracket around that guidance, there is a certain unknown elements but I'm sure, you can appreciate with these discussions and sometimes the discussions push out because you are actually holding out for a price that you believe is appropriate for the medicine. And so, it's about us getting to the right spot and rather than putting guidance around it and be forced around guidance, we'll give it some consideration of how we put a bracket around that and we'll be back to you early in 2017. And then to your third question, I'll pass it over to Stuart.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hey, Geoff. In terms of pricing principles, obviously, we can't comment on the pricing of future products, but I'll talk to our pricing principles overall, which have been very consistent for how we priced KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and the two primary drivers and really the number of patients that we're able to benefit with our medicines, and then the level of clinical benefit or value that we're able to bring. And I think, you've seen that we adhere to those principles with ORKAMBI and whilst we don't have formal pricing agreements in place across Europe, yet, you have seen with the list prices of ORKAMBI that they are lower than they are for KALYDECO, which reflects the fact that clearly ORKAMBI is  has a much wider eligible patient populations despite the fact that medicine has two different components within it. So, I think you can expect that we'll be adhering to those pricing principles as we bring next-gen correctors and other medicines to market for eligible CF patients.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from John Scotti of Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
John Scotti - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Congrats on all the progress. I just wanted to ask on VX-659, if you were to compare the preclinical toxicity profile of that asset to VX-440 with regard to what the potential teratogenicity et cetera, and then VX-152 with the nausea, are you confident that the chemical structure of VX-659 is different enough where we won't see those issues in humans in the clinic with regard to what we see with VX-440 and VX-152? And then I guess just quickly on timing, given the trials are small and if we assume they enroll quickly, is it unreasonable to assume that we could see data more towards mid-next-year rather than towards the end of the year, I know, you've guided the second half? Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, John, first of all, I just want to pass on the team's best wishes to Mark and we look forward to...
John Scotti - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks, thanks  thank you so much.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: ...hearing back from Mark at some point, and I'm sure, I share everybody else's thoughts that are on the phone. In terms of the question, I'm actually going to ask Jeff Leiden to answer it because there is a whole portfolio approach here that we have starting from VX-659 and the methodology of how we pick our molecules and what that basis is. And you should anticipate that the world, there will be more molecules coming, so. So, Jeff?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, John. Maybe just to go back one step and remind you of how we look at these molecules and select them. So, first real acid test for these molecules is our human HBE cells, both het/min cells and homozygous cells from multiple donors. And as we showed you, I think in one of the slides today, VX-659 actually has efficacy as measured by chloride transport, which is maximal efficacy that's significantly higher than what we were seeing in VX-440 and VX-152, which were also quite high by themselves by the way. We've also measured a number of other things in that assay, like cilia beat frequency (45:38) and others and we see the same kind of difference between the VX-659 and VX-440. We then put the molecules through a pretty rigorous stream with respect to PK, tox co-formulability, really making sure that we're bringing the drugs into the clinic as oppose to molecules. And we're done with most, but not all of that for six, five times, we're certainly done with enough that so we feel very comfortable that we have a tox profile and the PK profile, that we're confident in taking into Phase 1 studies, both in normal and in patients this time as well. We have not done yet with the developmental studies in rabbits and we don't have that data yet and obviously we don't have any human data, which is the final test of PK and safety and we'll only see that in the Phase 1 study. In addition just as Ian mentioned just meeting the clear expectations, we have a number of other next-gen correctors, in our late preclinical pipeline we expect to bring at least one of those forward into the clinic in the first half of next year and maybe more and the reason for that again is that these molecules come in a number of different flavors, different policies, different properties and we want to bring a multiple of them into humans as part of triple combinations to understand how they interact. I hope that gives a flavor of where VX-659 sits and what we know and some things we don't yet know, but we'll know soon.
John Scotti - Evercore Group LLC: That's really helpful. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Skorney of Robert W. Baird. Your question, please.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, good afternoon, guys. I have two questions. I guess why both  why start both programs in het/min, it seems like you'd potentially get more information out of adding this on top of VX-661 ivacaftor in patients with two F508del alleles, and also when we look at the relative differences of the four generations, is it reasonable to assume that two correctors within the same generation still are redundant? And is there any obvious redundancy to cross combining correctors of the different generations?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yeah, Brian, it's Jeff, again. Let me answer both. Both are really good questions. Maybe I'll answer your second question first. Really the portfolio approach is based upon the fact that while the molecules may bind to the same site, they may even have the same mechanism of action. There are obviously a number of other properties that are going to be really important in picking the best regimen. They include potency because the more potent a molecule is the easier it is to combine into a triple combination of formulae. They include maximal efficacy, obviously and we showed you that VX-659 as an example has a greater maximal efficacy, but they also include things like PK properties, tissue penetration, drug-drug interactions, all of those things. And so when you think about this portfolio, think about it not only in terms of mechanism of action and not only in terms of efficacy and potency, but think about it as, how do we create the best triple regimen with one or more of these molecules going forward. Does that make sense to you in terms of how we're thinking about it?
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, that is helpful.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: And then repeat your first question for me?
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just on the strategy of going in het/min first.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, so just to be clear about what we're doing here. First of all het/min obviously is the big group of patients with the largest unmet need. And so as we think about taking these molecules forward, that's the patient population that we are most focused on, but I do want to be clear that we're essentially doing these things in parallel. And so we will have results both in the het/min population and the homozygous population essentially at the same time or with very little delay and that's going to let us really design the best Phase 3 study I think here. One of the things that I've really been pleased with over the last four years or five years is as we've developed these molecules, we've learned an awful lot about how to take the development forward. Most quickly, most efficiently and then how to start to think about Phase 3 trials, perhaps a little differently, and so I do think you're seeing the results of that here as we sort of streamline these Phase 2 trials, do them in parallel as opposed to in series, as we've done it in the past and then hopefully based on the results of course launch into Phase 3 in a much broader fashion than we've done previously.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, Jeff. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And just to clarify, there is no intention to formulate maybe a quad or something, you wouldn't add some of your next-generation correctors together and I guess why not would be the question?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Yes, so as a theoretical question, Liisa, of course we would think about quads, and as you know we're also looking at some other mechanisms of action, things like ENaC inhibitors that could be combined. So there is nothing a priori that says that we wouldn't look at four drug combinations. Obviously, the ENaC inhibitors inhaled, so it wouldn't be co-formulated but I do think there is one difference here that's worth mentioning. I think it would be unlikely that for instance that we would put VX-152 and VX-440 together because they do appear to have the same mechanism of action and so adding them together would be not expected to produce a lot more benefit.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. And then, can you maybe talk about where you're going to be enrolling patients for some of these preliminary studies for the next-generation? Is it going to be North America, ex-U.S.?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hi, this is Jeff Chodakewitz. We're actually going to be doing studies in sites both in the U.S. and in Europe.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then, just wanted to get a little bit more clarity on the hormonal component, I think you maybe talked about this earlier for VX-440 and what you've seen there in your preclinical stuff and then what that would just mean, if you were to take it forward? Thank you.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Sure. This is Jeff Chodakewitz again. So just to clarify perhaps, we've already talked about the rapid toxicity and why we're putting the contraceptive language in place. The hormonal wording doesn't actually come from preclinical studies, with VX-440 at higher doses there was some evidence of liver enzyme induction and that can actually somewhat lower the exposure to the hormones in contraceptives. And so therefore again, to ensure that we're using highly reliable contraception, where excluding that as being the primary method.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Butler of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Partners: Thanks very much. Two questions briefly. And cohort 1a, can you help me understand the notion of using the low dose first before you move forward, while it may be intuitive you don't do that for VX-152? And then the second question is really around VX-152. To me you've outlined very well the portfolio strategy, why certainly you're moving forward with VX-440 and VX-659. But is the only reason for VX-152 the fact that it does not have teratogenicity? Thanks again.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Hi, Tony. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So two comments, one the 1a as we go back to sort of a prior conversation, the intent of 1a is to go make the transition from healthy volunteers to patients and be sure basically as the exposure is similar in the two groups. And since it could potentially go up or down, although we don't expect it to do either, that's why we wouldn't want to go in at a high dose and then have the exposure actually end up higher. That's why we always would start in this kind of situation with the low dose and then expand, which is the intent. In terms of your broader question about the VX-152 and VX-440, I think it goes actually back to Jeff Leiden's comment that we think both molecules will have the potential to be well-tolerated at doses that can deliver benefit to patients, including excitingly both homozygous patients and het/min patients, we don't have a treatment option, and that's really why we're taking both forward and we'll continue to learn as we have other molecules to our portfolio.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Operator, it's Michael Partridge, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. And that question comes from the line of Alan Carr of Needham & Company. Your question, please.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on progress. Wondering if you could clarify a bit some of the timing around VX-152, VX-440, and the results from those and the results from your VX-659 phase to  are you trying to  are you going to be able to position these three  a data from three Phase 2 trials at the same time in order to decide which one or two to bring into Phase 3?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, Alan, this is Jeff Chodakewitz. Let me just review how that winds up of course in the end, all these timeline, particularly the Phase 2 studies are going to be dependent on the rate of enrollment, but what we expect would be that for both VX-152 and VX-440 that we will be getting results as we've said in the second half of 2017. At that point, we will also have the Phase 1 results from VX-659 as we talked about that's given everything, we've learned about the relationship from pre-clinical to exposure to benefit a patient, we think that we will be able to understand a lot about all three compounds as we're looking forward to make decisions at that point.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay. This is Jeff Leiden. I just wanted to be clear that we don't think about VX-659 as being on exactly the same timeframe as VX-152 and VX-440 and as Jeff said, it's a little difficult to give you precision, because it depends on how fast user enrolled. VX-659 will only have a small cohort of patients in the Phase 1 and so we'll have to see what we learn from that. But if you were to ask me just to put a sort of marker on the table, I think that VX-659, myself, is about six months behind VX-152 and VX-440. So, we're not going to be waiting obviously if we see positive results with VX-152 and VX-440 before taking those into Phase 3 to wait for VX-659, if that's really the question.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: Yeah. Okay. That helps. And then one other one, I guess, can you give us an update on VX-371, where do you think you stand with your CF program and ciliary dyskinesia there?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: So, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. For both of our studies, both the study in CF where we're looking at the ENaC inhibitor on top of ORKAMBI and in people who are homozygous for F508del and the study in patients with PCD, both are actively enrolling.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: And timing for results, what's the latest on that?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: It's always going to be  of course until we end up getting the study fully enrolled, it's just too hard to give you any precision, I'm sorry.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks very much. I appreciate you taking my questions.
Michael Partridge - Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Okay. Everybody thanks for joining us tonight. For those of you going to the North American CF Conference, we look forward to seeing you there, on Thursday night this week. We will also be webcasting our presentation there, starting at 6:30 PM Eastern Time on Thursday. Tonight, the Investor Relations team will remain in the office, if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your call. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Welcome to our Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode right now. And later, we will open the lines for question. You can access the webcast slides by going to our website where our replay will also be available later tonight. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer will provide prepared remarks this evening. They will be joined by Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer for the Q&A portion of the conference call. We will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K, which has been filed with the SEC. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our drug candidates, our expectations regarding our approved medicines, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in tonight's press release. I would also refer you to slide four of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. It's just over one year ago that we received FDA approval for ORKAMBI, marking the most significant step to date in our journey to develop new medicines for people with cystic fibrosis. Tonight I'm pleased to report on our significant and steady progress in CF and I'll review three key phases in our efforts to bring all people with CF a medicine to treat the underlying cause of their disease. If we're successful in these efforts, we believe significant and sustained revenue and earnings growth will follow. Today there're approximately 27,000 people eligible for treatment with ORKAMBI or KALYDECO. However, we're only treating approximately 9,000 or one-third of these patients. The first and most significant near-term step to increase the number of eligible patients being treated with our medicines is to gain reimbursement of ORKAMBI in key European and other country. Progress with reimbursement for ORKAMBI would enable the vast majority of currently eligible patients to be treatment with one of our CF medicines. The second step to treat more people with CF is to further expand the labels for both ORKAMBI and KALYDECO, which could increase the total number of eligible patients from 27,000 to approximately 44,000. And the third step is to potentially treat all people with CF with new combinations of CFTR modulators as well as other approaches to treatment such as ENaC inhibition, gene editing and mRNA therapies. First, to reimbursement for ORKAMBI; outside the U.S. the reimbursement process is ongoing. And these discussions are progressing as anticipated across Europe, Canada and Australia. We're encouraged that many reimbursement authorities have acknowledged the significant clinical benefits that ORKAMBI provides. We believe that we will achieve reimbursement from European and other government payers, just as we've seen in the U.S. We look forward to updating you as we obtain reimbursement in key countries going forward. Second, to our label expansion efforts for both ORKAMBI and KALYDECO. Specifically there're some 12,000 additional patients younger than age 12 with two copies of the delta 508 mutation who we believe could be helped by ORKAMBI. In the second quarter, the FDA accepted for review our supplemental new drug application for the use of ORKAMBI in children ages six to 11 years and granted our request for priority review, setting a target review date, or PDUFA date, September 30, 2016. If approved, we expect to be ready to bring ORKAMBI to these patients immediately following approval. In parallel, we're also progressing with our efforts to bring ORKAMBI to children ages six to 11 years in Europe where we plan to submit our application for approval in the first half of next year following the conclusion of our fully enrolled Phase 3 efficacy and safety study in this group of patients. We estimate that there are approximately 2,400 children ages six to 11 years in the U.S. and 3,400 in Europe who would be eligible for ORKAMBI. There're approximately 5,000 additional patients in North America, Europe and Australia; largely those with residual function mutations who could be helped by KALYDECO. While we received a complete response letter from the FDA earlier this year regarding our application for approval of KALYDECO, in people with CF ages two and older who have one of 23 residual function mutations, I believe the KALYDECO will be beneficial to these patients is unchanged and we continue to pursue FDA approval for these patients as soon as possible. There're approximately 1,500 people with CF in the U.S. who have the mutations included in our residual function sNDA. And third, to our expanding pipeline of investigational CF medicines; the most advanced pipeline program in CF is our broad Phase 3 program for VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor. VX-661 plus ivacaftor may have an improved benefit risk profile compared to ORKAMBI in people with two copies of the delta 508 mutation, and may provide enhanced clinical benefits over ivacaftor monotherapy for other patients with gating mutations. Enrollment in the study of VX-661 plus ivacaftor in people ages 12 and older with two copies of the delta 508 mutation, is expected to complete in August. Data from this six-month study are expected in first half of 2017. The other three Phase 3 studies of VX-661 are also progressing as planned. We plan to submit a new drug application to the U.S. FDA for VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor in the second half of 2017. Importantly, VX-661 is also positioned to play a key role in the triple combination regimen with a next-generation corrector and ivacaftor. We believe that this triple combination approach may allow us to treat an additional large group of patients. Specifically, those with one delta 508 mutation and one mutation that results in minimal CFTR function. These patients do not currently have a medicine to treat the cause of their disease. Our two next-generation correctors VX-152 and VX-440 are being evaluated in Phase 1 studies in healthy volunteers. Pending data from these studies, we expect to move into Phase 2 clinical development in the second half of 2016 in people with CF. These studies would evaluate one or both for our next-generation correctors with VX-661 and ivacaftor. Beyond the CFTR modulators, we've entered into multiple strategic collaborations that broaden our ability to evaluate additional approaches to CF treatment that may be complimentary to CFTR modulation in the future. While the underlying technology and science of each approach differs, the collaborations have a shared goal to develop the best possible future treatments for all people with CF. Earlier this month we entered into collaboration with Moderna Therapeutics aimed at using messenger RNA to potentially enable cells in the lungs of the people with CF to produce functional CFTR protein. This is the second platform technology collaboration we have entered into, following our agreement with CRISPR Therapeutics focused on the use of CRISPR/Cas9 for gene editing that we began in late 2015. These platform technologies add to our development stage collaboration with Parion Sciences focused on the use of ENaC inhibition to treat CF. As we enter the second half of 2016, I'm pleased with both the near-term and long-term growth opportunities for our business. Our goal is to consistently discover and deliver transformative new medicines for patients and to reinvest in scientific opportunities to create future medicine. We believe our business model, which is focused on significant investment to create value through innovation, research and development, will position us to achieve this goal over the coming years. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jeff and hello, everyone. Through the second quarter of the year we've created a growing revenue base with ORKAMBI and KALYDECO, which we expect to drive future earnings growth. Tonight I will discuss our second quarter revenues for ORKAMBI and KALYDECO, review our 2016 financial guidance and discuss our anticipated financial trajectory for the coming years. In the second quarter of 2016, we reported total CF product revenues of approximately $426 million, a significant increase compared to $155 million for the second quarter of last year. Turning to the revenues for each of our CF medicines; global sales of ORKAMBI in the second quarter were $245 million comprised of U.S. sales of approximately $229 million and ex-U.S. sales of approximately $16 million, which were mainly from Germany. As of June 30, approximately 6,000 patients have initiated treatment with ORKAMBI in the U.S. Outside the U.S.; ORKAMBI is already available commercially in Germany and also through early access programs in France. In Germany, uptake continues to be slow than we observed in the U.S. As of June 30, approximately 380 of the 2,500 eligible patients in Germany had initiated treatment. In contrast, in France, we've continued to see strong and rapid uptake, approximately 700 of 1,500 eligible patients in France have already initiated treatment with ORKAMBI as of June 30 as part of the country's early access programs. These programs provided the opportunity for physicians in France to begin treating patients prior to their formal reimbursement approval. We are pleased the ORKAMBI launch has continued to progress consistent with what we discussed on our first quarter call, and today we are reiterating our expectation for 2016 ORKAMBI revenues of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Given the slower than expected launch in Germany and that we are approaching peak penetration for ORKAMBI in patients age 12 years and older in the U.S., we expect that further revenue growth for ORKAMBI will occur primarily in the fourth quarter following the potential approval and launch of ORKAMBI for children ages six to 11 years. Now to KALYDECO. Second quarter KALYDECO sales were $180 million, up $25 million compared to the second quarter of last year. We continue to see small number of additional eligible patients beginning treatment in the U.S. and Europe. As with ORKAMBI, we are reiterating our 2016 revenue guidance for KALYDECO of $685 million to $705 million. Our 2016 guidance exclude any potential revenues for the approval of KALYDECO in residual function mutations where we continued to pursue the FDA approval for patients ages two and older in the U.S. Now to the operating expenses. Our second quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $306 million compared to non-GAAP operating expenses of $254 million in 2015. The increased operating expenses were mainly due to increased cost related to the progression of our CF pipeline and to increased investment in global commercial support for the launch of ORKAMBI. Our non-GAAP net profit for the second quarter of 2016 was $58 million or $0.24 per diluted share as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $131 million or $0.54 per share for 2015. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the second quarter with approximately $1.07 billion in cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities. Vertex also has $300 million outstanding from a credit agreement, repayable by the end of the third quarter 2017. I'll conclude tonight's call with a few brief comments on financial trends including revenue and earnings growth. Our goal is to discover and develop new medicines for all people with CF. And as Jeff has discussed, there are three important phases to support these efforts; obtaining reimbursement for ORKAMBI outside the U.S., expanding labels for both ORKAMBI and KALYDECO; and developing new medicines to treat potentially all people with CF. As we progress towards this goal, significant and sustainable revenue growth will follow. Importantly, as our revenues grow over future years, we are committed to managing our operating expenses to drive earnings growth and we expect to deliver a financial profile that is similar to many of our large cap biotech peers. With that, I open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Afternoon and thanks for taking the question. I have a few commercial ones and one clinical. Want to ask you guys either, Ian or Stuart, any changes to the persistence rates in the U.S. What are the new strategies to improve it? And then, can you just go into a little bit more detail on the EU outlook, so from what I'm understanding flattish in 3Q from Germany and then maybe what's driving the fourth quarter bump?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. Geoff, it's Stuart here. So on persistence rates what we're seeing in the U.S. is very consistent with what we outlined on our Q1 call. In fact, all of the trends really in initiations. Persistence and compliance are entirely in line with what we said then. And just to remind you and others on the phone of persistence, we said that our expectation was it would track towards about 70% to 80%  between 70% and 80% by the end of this year and the same core compliance. And we continue to believe in those estimates and those estimates are what underpins our revenue guidance that we reiterated today. In terms of Europe, as you noted, Germany, the pace is relatively slow and Ian mentioned that in his prepared remarks. Incorporated within our guidance, really we're only expecting significant contributions ex-U.S. from Germany. In terms of how we see things playing out in the rest of Europe, really as you know that's going to be very dependent on us proceeding through the country-by-country reimbursement negotiation processes. And what I can tell you is that those are progressing as we planned as expected, but given our learnings and the analogy to KALYDECO and the time it took there, we're really not anticipating to conclude many of those reimbursement negotiations until 2017. Having said that, we recently concluded our first formal reimbursement negotiation in Austria and that'll go into effect from September 1st, but we continue to believe that most of the major markets we're not likely to see any major contributions in terms of revenue growth until 2017 and beyond.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just real quick on the clinical side. I know it's less interesting, but the PK for VX-152 and VX-440, will we see any of that in any CF? Then any more thoughts on kind of what the size and scope of the clinical development for the triple could entail? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a little difficult to answer that, to be honest, Geoff, to say the size of the triple  I mean if I comment more broadly on the operating expense for the remainder of the year and then maybe kind of a trajectory in 2017, I think that's an easier way for me to comment on it. We always plan and provide guidance based on assuming success and that's why we're investing behind the programs. So our OpEx guidance for the year is at $1.18 billion to $1.23 billion, and we reiterated that with the number in the press release tonight and that's a non-GAAP number by the way, excludes primarily stock compensation. And then as we look into next year, we actually see  we hope and expect the programs to progress. And as we look into next year as we think about OpEx more broadly, we see that maybe some marginal increases in marketing investments is for the launch of ORKAMBI more broadly and particularly in Europe as we gain reimbursement approval. And as we look at the development investment, maybe there is  it's more consistent to 2015 to 2016 as programs cycle in and out with the expectation that the VX-661 Phase 3 program comes to closure and we're filing next year and the progression of the triple into a larger Phase 2 study. So hopefully that gives you an understanding of the trajectory of our investment profiles through this year and then into next year.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Geoff, this is Jeff Leiden. With respect to your question on the PK data and in CF, what we've said before is that we'll let you know as we conclude the Phase 1 studies and plan the Phase 2 studies for the next-gen correctors, what those Phase 2 studies will look like and we'll provide you with some relevant data so you understand the design of those studies.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And those (17:46) are on track for the second half of this year.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Two questions as well. On the commercial side, are you based on long-term data for ORKAMBI? And are you starting to see any patients perhaps thinking about coming back, are there discussions out there in the field about bringing some patients back on, and what do you think about that standpoint? And then a follow-up question on the triple. Is it safe to say that you've gone well into Phase 1 and the longer the better? And is there something specific in terms of exposure levels that you're looking for relative to assays that would get you some comfort in terms of what you want to see in terms of exposure decreasing. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: Hi. This is Jeff Chodakewitz. Maybe let me just touch on both of those for you. I think from the long-term data perspective, we think that is very meaningful to patients and to prescribers. And I think the reason for that are several-fold. As you know that that information really has a couple of chunks to it. One is about the long-term safety of the drug; very important, and that continues to look very favorable consistent with what we've seen before. And then we had several for efficacy kind of measures. Some of that came from the study itself are following patients for a long time and we saw that their FEV1s were maintained, their BMI continued to improve. And although there's no active comparison there, the vent rate in terms of pulmonary exacerbation really remained low and consistent with what we saw during the trial. So that was all very impactful, we think, for physicians and for patients. The other thing we did was take the information from a matched cohort of historical patients. And what that allows you to do over that kind of timeframe is to compare the rate of decline of patients FEV 1s who are on our study versus what we think the historical expectation would be. And that's really then, as we did with KALYDECO, helps us understand if we're shifting that curve and slowing the rate of decline, really modifying the disease and we were very pleased to see that approximately 40% reduction in the rate of decline. So overall, we think that data is very impactful and useful. In terms of triple combination, really can't give you a lot of details as Jeff Leiden said actually already that that both drugs do continue in Phase 1 studies, and our expectation of course pending data is that one or both of those will start in-patient the second half of this year.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much. A question for Stuart, perhaps, I think about the PDUFA date and the pediatric indication for ORKAMBI. Could you talk about what sort of pace you expect to reimbursement to be available to the pediatric patients; the homozygous double deltas. And then secondly, as you are out in the community and talking to physicians, do you think that the adoption, compliance and persistence rates in the pediatric population will be similar to the adult population or greater or less than you've observed so far? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Geoff, thanks for those questions. So yeah, the PDUFA date is September the 30. Obviously we're deep into the planning for that launch because it's only just a couple of months away. In terms of what we might anticipate for access, on to the first part of your question, my expectation is that access is going to be very good just as that was for ORKAMBI when we first introduced it for the 12 years and over population. And in some ways, this is a somewhat simpler review for the payers. This is a labeled extension, just extending it down to a younger age. And so my expectation is that we'll secure broad access very quickly. In terms of rate of uptake, similarly I would anticipate the demand to be robust just as it was for 12 year-plus. And in terms of persistence and compliance, again it's difficult to say exactly how it's going to play out in the real world as opposed to what we saw in the clinical trial setting. Certainly a couple of things that I think give us some encouragement. We certainly saw in the study that we did that forms the basis of our application that the adverse event rate, in particular the rate of respiratory adverse events was much lower and none of the patients discontinued for that adverse event. And as you know, that's being one of the primary reasons for discontinuations on ORKAMBI in the 12 years and over population. And then again one thing that could help us, the six year to 11 year population certainly with KALYDECO, we do tend to see compliance rates being much higher in the younger population, not surprisingly they tend to be very heavily managed by their parents. And so whilst I don't know exactly how it's going to play out in the real world, I'd certainly expect access to be very good and us to secure that quickly and I'd also expect the uptakes to be very rapid as well.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Geoff, I'll just add on to Stuart to reiterate something I said in my comments, which is that the Q4 is where we anticipate to see the growth in ORKAMBI for the remainder of the year. Obviously, that is driven by the six years to 11 years that Stuart was just discussing.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, Ian.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. As you guys see more uptake in Germany and more patients going on treatment in France. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about persistence and compliance patterns that you're starting to see in Europe. You expect to be able to leverage your learnings from the U.S. launch, plus the availability of the long-term data now to improve that patient retention in the European launches compared to U.S.? And then separately, just wondering if you could give us a little bit more granularity on the next steps in your level of confidence on residual function mutation, sort of where you stand there with respect to the next regulatory steps? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Okay, Brian. So I'll start off on the persistence and compliance and how things are playing out in Europe. I mean one of the benefits of launching in Europe after launching here in the U.S., is clearly we've been able to learn a lot from our experiences here in the U.S. And I think one of the things that we've been able to do is certainly sensitize people through the fact that some patients may have these respiratory adverse events. And so to be on the lookout for them, to be cancelling patients in advance and that certainly has been one of the many learnings that we took from our experiences here in the U.S. through the introduction of the product in Europe. The data sources are not quite as robust as we have here in the U.S. in terms of tracking at a non-miles level individual patient data in Europe. And I would say it is relatively early-stage. The persistence rates are certainly in line in the same kind of ballpark as we saw with the ORKAMBI here in the U.S. And as that data matures over time, we'll be able to give you kind of more detail on exactly how it's playing out. But the minute the data is relatively mature, I would say it's pretty much in the same kind of ballpark for the systems and the compliance.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: And Brian, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. Just to comment on residual function. We really can't comment on what we have ongoing discussions with regulatory agencies. The only thing I can say that we do really think all the data, both the pre-clinical data and the clinical data really tell us that this drug is beneficial to those patients and our goal is to figure out the way we get access for those patients.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two from me. First on ORKAMBI in the U.S. It looks like new patient adds have moderated somewhat this quarter. And I know you were talking about nearing peak. So is 6,000 or 6,000-ish patients kind of what you're expecting now, or you think you can get to the rest of the 8,500 patients total? And then in Germany versus France, obviously a difference in uptake. Just wondering what you think is driving that and which other countries you could think about those patterns playing out. Are they going to be more like Germany or more like France? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Terence, I'll start with the U.S. So, as you said with ORKAMBI we've now initiated over 6,000 patients here in the U.S. which is about 70% of the eligible patient population. And as you might expect with the launch where we're getting to a steeper part of the curve, adding new patients becomes a little bit more tricky. Having said that, we are continuing to add new patients on a weekly and a daily basis. But as Ian said in his prepared remarks in terms of U.S. growth, obviously the next phase in growth in the U.S. is likely to be from the approval in six years to 11 years, which we hope will come in the next couple of months. So moving on to how things are panning out in Europe. And you're right. There is a contrast in uptake between Germany and France. Germany is slower than we anticipated and much of that I attribute to the fact that the German market is more fragmented than many of the other markets that we operate in. And what I mean by that is there's many more centers treating CF patients. And as a result, they've had less experience with CFTR modulators, and, therefore, (28:39) educational need is higher there. And also, we did see a slightly slower uptake for KALYDECO in Germany than we saw in other EU markets. In contrast that with France, where through early access programs we have, 700 patients have already been initiated on ORKAMBI and that uptake in six months is much more U.S.-like. So, based on that, based on all the other research we've done, we do anticipate that Germany is more likely to be an outlier in terms of rate of uptake. Although I continue to believe that we will get to the vast majority of the patients in Germany over time. And in terms of rate of uptake, I would expect it to be more like France in the rest of Europe, pending reimbursement than we've seen in Germany, which I continue to believe is likely to be more of the outlier based on our previous experience with KALYDECO and current experience with ORKAMBI.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi guys. This is John Miller on for Mark. And I just wanted to ask a question about these 6,000 patients that have started on ORKAMBI. You said there's a start  what's the current number of patients on therapy? I'd love know that. And my other question I suppose would be your thoughts on pricing pressure, especially in an orphan disease like this where pricing ability has typically been very high. How do you look at that going forward as that's obviously an issue?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I'll just reiterate what Ian said. In terms of the actual number of patients being treated, that's clearly a very dynamic number and changes constantly. So what we have said is that we've to-date initiated 6,000 patients. We continue to see more initiations and we continue to believe as we do at the end of Q1, but the persistence rate for that patient population is going to be somewhere in the 70% to 80% range. As indeed we believe the compliance rate will be somewhere in the 70% to 80% range. And so that's what we believed at the end of Q1. We continue to perform against those expectations, and that is in 12 year and above patients in the U.S. is what underlies our revenue guidance that we reiterated today. So in terms of pricing, clearly that's a very hot topic across the industry. We continue to believe that we're developing very high value medicines, medicines that treat the underlying cause of what is a horrible, life shortening disease. It's for a very small patient population and we believe and I think that's reinforced by the discussions we've had with the governments through the reimbursement in KALYDECO and the ongoing discussions we're having with ORKAMBI. This is exactly the sort of medicine that they want to be able to provide to their patient population. So whilst there will be pricing pressures because of the overall macroeconomics on every farmer and biotech company, I continue to believe that the sorts of agents we're bringing to bear are the sorts of products that the governments are going to want to pay for.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Cyrus on for Matt. Couple of questions. First, are there any efforts to improve the persistence or compliance rates in the United States?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. We have a number of programs which are provided either through materials that we provide to healthcare providers to provide to their patients. Or where appropriate to provide directly to the patients to educate them on the product, the mechanism of action, the fact that they treat the underlying nature of the disease, and so those programs are ongoing. And I think understanding and an educated patient is likely to be a more persistent and more compliant patient. And also, we continue to try and build the evidence base for ORKAMBI, which increases the benefit risk profile, and to the extent the providers and patients continue to believe in the benefit risk profile. Then I think they're going to want to try and maintain their time on the product because of the both short-term and long-term benefit to the treatment with ORKAMBI gives them.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. The second question is when we would be able to recognize the revenues in France and will they come as a lump sum or how will it be dealt with?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for that question. Just kind of help everybody else who is behind that question. We actually are providing access to ORKAMBI in France through early access programs and other programs. And we are actually being paid for that drug. And in my remarks, I did comment that that launch in France is going very well and that we're accessing a lot of patients. We do get a payment for that drug that might be similar to how the ultimate price of the drug plays out in France. However, from a GAAP perspective, we are unable to record those  let's say, access to those medicine as revenue until we haven't agreed price in France. So I appreciate your question. We'd anticipate that that would be a 2017 event. As a point that we do get approval on the price which provides a certainty to recording of those revenues, we actually record the revenues as one big catch-up. So as we've been selling drug, since let's say January 1, 2016 all the way through to the point of reimbursement approval, we will record that cash that we will ultimately have received as part of revenues in the quarter that we received reimbursement approval. We do think that would be a 2017 event.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then last question. Is there any update to the VX-661's utility analysis timing for the heterozygous?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: Hi, Cyrus, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I can tell you that as we talked about previously that is on track to occur during the third quarter. And then based upon that recommendation from the DMC remember that we won't be seeing that information. We will either stop the study or restart enrollment and go to completion.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Adam Walsh with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Great. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. My first one is you talked about a large bolus of discontinuations in the first quarter because 15% of patients I believe decided to come off in the first three months. I just wondered if there was any residual bolus kind of tail end into the second quarter. That's my first question. And then my second question is also on discontinuations. You talk about the 15% in the first three months and 20% to 30% longer-term. Can you help us, after the 15% dropout in the first three months, help us understand the discontinuation dynamics from that point to the 25% long-term discontinuation rate which is the midpoint of your guidance?
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, yeah, thanks for the questions. So, yes, we did describe there's kind of bolus of discontinuations and that was largely a function of two things. One, the very, very rapid uptake we saw of ORKAMBI post the initial launch and then we did see about 15% of patients discontinue within the first three months of therapy largely as a result of respiratory adverse events. And then what we saw was that the rate of discontinuations ameliorated substantially; didn't stop, didn't flatten but it certainly ameliorated substantially. And as a result of that, that's why we gave guidance that we see the discontinuations or the persistence rate which is the opposite of discontinuations being in that 70% to 80% range by the end of 2016. And everything we've seen through Q2 continues to reinforce our belief because that's where we will end the year somewhere in that 70% to 80% range. If I understand your question correctly, there wasn't really a second bolus that negatively impacted Q2.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. I guess the question was, was there any tail end residual? You had the large number of patients start in the first nine months and you cited that in that in the first quarter. As we moved into this quarter, was the bolus still moving through in terms of 15% discontinuations or do that really end in the first quarter?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Maybe a better way to answer this is that when somebody asked this on the call earlier, was that are we continuing to see the dynamics of the launch and let's say the compliance rates and persistence rates, these being maintained. And yes, they are. So when we talked about the profile of compliance with the medicine being between 70% and 80%, we're still seeing that. When we look at the persistence rates ending up at 70% to 80%, we're still seeing that which means that we  every time there is a bolus of patients that is initiating therapy, we still continue to see discontinuations early on. However, because there is a lower initiation of patients in, let's say Q1 or even the beginning of Q2, the impact of discontinuations in Q2 is much less than it has ever been.
Adam Walsh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Definitely. And thanks for taking my questions. Just couple on the pipeline. So, I guess first on VX-661's het-min futility analysis. Never disclosed exactly what the futility hurdle was. I was wondering whether you could give us some sense of the criteria or at least how you're going to interpret a dose signal in particular. And then a similar question on the Phase 1 for the second generation correctors. Can you give us some idea of what criteria you're going to look at to decide which will move forward and do you have any plans to move other second generation correctors into the clinic?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: Hi. This is Jeff Chodakewitz. So, in terms of VX-661 futility, I think first of all we really can't go into the details of exactly what the decision tree is, but let me help you think about it a little bit perhaps. There's a certain tension as you make a decision based on partial information. We want to try if the drug is not benefiting patients to stop the trial. Conversely, there is uncertainty and we also want to be careful about not missing a positive result. Therefore, there always is a certain overlap. And what we tend to do is then say it's clearly not working. We stop. The consequence of that is, even if it goes forward, there is still uncertainty. It does not mean that it's working, it just means that it may be working. And therefore, until we get to the end of the study, we really would not have any confidence in what the result is going to be.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And Jeff maybe before you go on to the next question, I would just comment from a disclosure perspective we get after the question a number of times. I want to be very clear on our disclosure around that. Consistent with that Jeff is saying, if there is a discontinuation of this study due to the futility, we'll announce that the study is discontinuing and that would be an appropriate announcement at the time that we get that information. If we pass no guarantees that it's working and therefore this information is submissible for approval. But the only way we communicate around that is on clinicaltrial.gov, we will reopen the recruitment for that study and would expand the recruitment into the study but there wouldn't be announcement to say that we have passed the futility rule.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: And just in terms of your other question. I think what we've always said is that what we wanted to do is bring these medicines  these compounds forward, but we want them to be medicines. And so we try as much as possible to have drugs that we think can have a favorable profile in patients so that the patients continue. We're going to look at all the information, safety exposure, all the things you'd expect. There's really no one thing that I can say we're going to focus in on is really the totality of the profile of the drugs.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Do you have any plans to move in any other second generation characters into the clinic, or does that really depend on what you're seeing in Phase 1?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. This is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the question. As we've said before, this is a large program here. We've discovered a series of second generation correctors and they have different  or next generation correctors. They have different flavors which is interesting. And our strategy here is very straightforward. We can develop a portfolio of products and bring some of those forward into the clinic and compare them that gives us the best probability of success. So our plan is to continue that program in the research and pre-clinical phase. And if we see compounds that are interesting, good, better than the ones we have, we certainly will bring them forward to the clinic.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just one on VX-661 and the other study. Can you give us a flavor around like, maybe kind of what the progress in enrollment, not the homozygous but the other three studies like, kind of what sequence we might expect through the timelines? Second one is just, when you look at some of the long-term data that you generate on exacerbation like at the medical meetings mid-year, do you think that doctors are receiving that, patients are receiving that, that there is like a very kind of profound benefit of staying on ORKAMBI even with somewhat similar to KALYDECO? Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: Sure. So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. Let me first comment on the VX-661 sequence. First of all, as we indicated for the homozygous study, we have a lot of confidence in that finishing enrollment. In August in fact we've actually already stopped screening patients for that study. So it's just having the last patients of completing the screening process and if they qualify going into the trial. We've already talked about the timing of the study of het-min patients and the futility analysis that's going to be done. We expect that the next trial that's going to be completed will be the study of patients with 508 (44:30) residual function mutation on the other early on. As we've indicated, we expect that to complete in the second half of this year; very much as we indicated earlier this year. It's really right on track and then the last study with 508 and gating on the other allele. Again as we've indicated previously, we think in the second half of this year or early next year and as we get the datas and that will allow us to evaluate our best sufficient strategy and file pending data in the second half of 2017. In terms of the long-term data, I want to be sure that I understand your question. We do think that the results from that long-term data are quite compelling. You asked specifically about pulmonary exacerbations and so we do look at what basically we use an assessment of how many events are happening for the patients that we're following and think about it as an event rate. And what we do see is that as we've gone out further, a time that remains quite low compared to what we had as our initial comparison. We think that is quite meaningful to patient and physicians. And actually  and that linked up with the other information like bodyweight and particularly the change is slope of FEV1 and evidence of disease modification. We think that is driving considerations like starting therapy earlier and considering whether patients who discontinued may want to think about of restarting therapy.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you talk about maybe the ATU pricing you're getting in France. And how does that compare to the German pricing for ORKAMBI. And then secondly, also again on Europe, what's your thought on the Brexit, on the UK, and also broadly speaking, European reinvestment for ORKAMBI? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: So the ATU pricing in France has not been properly disclosed, but it is very similar to the list price that we have established in Germany. In terms of the thoughts on the Brexit impact, certainly from a financial point of view in the short-term, the really most tangible impact that you can see is really one around the impact on FX. And because of the nature of our business and the natural hedges we have, we're not expecting that to have a meaningful impact on our business. There's obviously a range of other legal, regulatory, employment and other aspects that could be impacted by Brexit as the negotiations are ongoing, we're clearly going to be tracking those very closely, and making all the appropriate moves and responses as the situation becomes clear. But as with many things Brexit, I think they speculate on too many other aspects on what the impact would be, would be crystal ball gazing at best.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Stu. And then maybe another one for Jeff. Can you tell us, when might we see CRISPR and also the Moderna program getting into clinic as it's released?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So thanks for that question. I appreciate you acknowledging the two very important collaborations that we actually done in the last year. Kind of expanding of such scientific modalities is getting to other diseases, but unfortunately they are early-stage, as you're probably aware. And we will anticipate getting anything to the clinic in the next couple of years. There's probably three years or more from now. And we'd love to update you on that, but those have been important transactions for the company.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I thought you had a pretty good KALYDECO quarter. I'm just wondering if you could comment on where  what's driving growth there? Is it from particular region or rolling out in a new mutation in that?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Liisa, I'm thrilled with the question. It's nice to be able to talk about KALYDECO and thanks for noticing. Yeah, KALYDECO had a very strong quarter, about $180 million. Most of the growth over Q2 came from the U.S. and essentially what we've continued to see is increasing new patient initiations in some of the newer indications like the two year old to five year old kids and also in the R117H mutation. So we continued to see strong patient initiations. And as you know, the persistence rates and the compliance rates with KALYDECO are about as good as I've ever seen. So really is that combination of adding new patients and great persistence compliance rates, particularly here in the U.S.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. And then in terms of ex-U.S., is it just to make sure we're all on the same page, the only countries you're selling any drug  distributing drug to patients, but I know you're not really selling in France, per se, like France, Germany and the U.S. Are those the totality of the countries?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: So outside of the U.S., France and Germany are different to many of the other markets. The way, the structure of those markets work is that there are access programs that you can take advantage of where patients can get access to the products prior to formal reimbursement approval being secured on a relatively broad basis and that's happening in both Germany and France. And Ian talked about the fact that with France we don't recognize those patients from a revenue perspective. In Germany, we do. There are other countries where on a named patient basis, there are literally handfuls of patients through exceptional programs are getting access to the product, where we are getting paid. But the vast majority of our revenues outside of the U.S. are coming from Germany. We expect that to continue in 2016 and we don't expect to get really meaningful revenue contributions from markets outside of Germany and outside of the U.S. until 2017.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. I think that's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Skorney with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Two quick ones, I guess. First, can you just go over anything you said about the differences between the VX-152 and VX-440. Are they distinct corrective mechanisms. I know you've always said that the intent is to move forward with both, but I was just wondering if there's a potential for these two drugs to actually be complementary to each other, or like VX-661 and lumacaftor they're just overlapping. And then when we think about the (52:16) approval later this year, do you think there's any meaningful numbers of (52:20) patients currently on ORKAMBI off-label or do you think there's really completely on (52:24) patient pool right now?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey Brian. This is Jeff Leiden. I'll take the first part and then Stuart can take the second part. We haven't actually talked a lot in detail about the mechanisms of action or the differences or similarities between VX-152 and VX-440. And they're clearly different molecules. And so that's why we brought them both forward into the clinic. What we have said is that we as part of our discovery programs have discovered a portfolio of next-gen correctors, which do have distinct mechanisms of action as well as distinct drug life properties. And that's why we're excited about the portfolio, that's why we plan to take multiple molecules into the clinic, because at least in my experience that's the way to maximize your chances of success.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. Brian on the subject of off-label usage in the six years to 11 years population, we don't track off-label usage, but my expectation is that it would be very, very low. The reason why I say that is the prior authorization criteria that's seen for ORKAMBI, which have enabled us to get very good access for ORKAMBI are very simple, but very clear and they would tend to say the person has to have a CF diagnosis, they have to have the right mutation type and they check the date of birth so they check the patient is 12 years and above. And so my expectation would be that the number of people receiving commercial products off-label at this point would be very, very low.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: So operator, we'll take two more questions before concluding the call.
Operator: Okay. And our next question comes from the line of Katherine Xu with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. I'm just wondering with ORKAMBI versus KALYDECO, do you see a little bit lower compliance or persistence for ORKAMBI as compared to KALYDECO. And if that's the case, do you think it's mostly because of safety or lower efficacy or both, any sense on that at all?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah, Katherine. So with KALYDECO, we see very, very high levels of both persistence and compliance and we've said that our persistence with KALYDECO is 90%-plus and overall compliance, both here in the U.S. and internationally, is around 85%. And as we said at Q1 and is baked into our revenue guidance, we expect persistence for ORKAMBI to be between 70% and 80% and for compliance to be in the same 70% to 80% range. So we do see both of those criteria being lower for ORKAMBI than they are for KALYDECO. And you're trying to attribute exactly why that is. I'm not sure. I would be able to tease that out for you. I'm sure it's got to do with the benefit, risk and tolerability profile of ORKAMBI versus KALYDECO, but exactly which factor is weighting it one way or the other, I think that would be impossible to differentiate.
Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: And could you give us a quick update on your oncology and pain pipeline candidates?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: So maybe  this is Jeff Chodakewitz  just to give you a quick comment and then maybe a comment I think in terms of our oncology program. I think very much consistent with where we were discussing it previously that we do have of our lead molecule, VX-970, is really in focused clinical trials in very specific populations, in non-comparative trials to understand what the potential for that drug really can be. And so those are ongoing. On the pain side, our VX-150 actually just has finished enrolling a Phase 2 POC study in osteoarthritis patients and we expect to have some information later this year.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So Jeff, thanks for that. I'd just pick up on that and say as many people ask this, are we going to be an oncology company? And I think that's a little early to suggest that given that we have one lead molecule at the moment in early stage settings in oncology. We're going to continue to progress those studies as Jeff Chodakewitz said. And based on that data, we will make a choice at that time of whether we provide further investment or we actually love to see whether the mechanism is better served working with other companies. And therefore, looking more of a portfolio approach to drive forward, let's say, our oncology opportunities. We do have other mechanisms. One of that is in the clinic and then a couple of that are just late pre-clinical right now. So we have a late pre-clinical, couple of compounds and then also early clinical compounds. And that's what I term as our oncology portfolio and we'll make the decision of how to progress that best for greatest value once we receive the data from VX-970 the lead program.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alan Carr with Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess a couple of them here, one of them it looks like the only program you haven't touched on is VX-210. Wondering if you can give us an update on that in the spinal cord? And then also, with respect to your sNDA around residual mutations for KALYDECO, what sort of options do you have available here in your discussions with the FDA?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer: Jeff Chodakewitz. So Alan, I'd say first of all in terms of VX-210, that study is up and enrolling like we have had enrollment now in the trial, but these are acutely injured people. And so we have always expected that enrollment will be slow. And so we are really pretty much on track. In terms of the residual function, as we talked about earlier, there's really just nothing in terms of ongoing discussions with the regulatory agencies that I can talk about further.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: I'm wondering if you can comment on what the outcomes might be here as there's something that might be resolved this year or does this potentially involve more studies, what can you comment from that perspective?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's Jeff Leiden. So as you know, we just don't comment on ongoing regulatory discussions, probably because they are not predictable than they are not totally within our control. I think the important point is, we do believe that KALYDECO is active in the set of patients based on both preclinical and clinical data and that we're having ongoing discussions with the regulators about how to get access to these patients with KALYDECO. When we have an answer, we'll certainly disclose that for you.
Alan Carr - Needham & Co. LLC: Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Michael Partridge for any final remarks.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks, operator. We appreciate everyone joining us today. We are happy to take additional follow-up questions after the call. The Investors Relations team will be in the office. So please reach out if you need us and have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffrey Leiden - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ian Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer Stuart Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Partners Brian Abrahams - Jefferies Adam Walsh - Stifel Nicolaus Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Alicia Young - Credit Suisse Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley& Co. LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations. Welcome to our First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Later the lines will open for questions. You can access the webcast live by going to the events section of the Investor Relations page on our website. And a replay of tonights call will also be available on the website once we have concluded. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. They will be joined by Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer for the Q&A portion of the conference call. We will make forward-looking statements on this call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K, which has been filed with the SEC. These statements, including without limitation those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our drug candidates, our expectations regarding our improved medicines and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in tonight's press release. I would also refer you to Slide 4 of tonights webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Over the last four years Vertex has delivered two transformative medicines to people with cystic fibrosis. Today there are approximately 27,000 people eligible for one of our approved CF medicines and we have a clear path toward our goal of helping potentially all people with this rare and life-shortening disease in the future. Were confident that our experience with ORKAMBI and KALYDECO and our scientific leadership and progress and targeting the underlying biology of this disease positions us well to increase the number of people treated with our approved medicines and to develop new medicines in the years ahead that may provide even greater benefit for all people with CF. Tonight, I will provide brief comments on three key areas which serve as markers of our progress toward treating all people with CF, including first the performance of our approved medicines ORKAMBI and KALYDECO and our roadmap toward treating more patients with these medicines that will drive revenue growth in 2016 and beyond. Second, the role of VX-661 in helping to achieve our long-term goal in CF and third, our pipeline of additional CFTR modulators and other mechanisms we are advancing as part of collaborations. These approaches include ENaC inhibition and in the longer-term gene editing CRISPR-Cas9 and may position us to help all people with CF. We are approximately nine months into the launch of ORKAMBI in the U.S. For people with two copies of the F508del CFTR mutation ages 12 and older. As of the end of March approximately 65% or 5,500 of the 8,500 currently eligible patients in the U.S. have intimated treatment with ORKAMBI. We expect the number of patients whove initiated treatment with ORKAMBI will continue to grow during 2016 and we continue to expect that by the end of the year the vast majority of all eligible patients ages 12 and older in the U.S. will have initiated treatment. Weve seen excellent reimbursement and access for ORKAMBI from public and private payers in the U.S. And the feedback from the CF community continues to be very positive. Importantly patients across the U.S. have broad access to the medicine through public and private insurance and we have assistance programs in place for eligible patients who need additional help. All major commercial insurers and all 50 state Medicaid programs are currently covering ORKAMBI reflecting the important advance and value this medicine represents in the treatment of CF. We are now moving forward toward bringing ORKAMBI to younger patients and at the end of March we submitted a supplemental new drug application to the FDA requesting approval of ORKAMBI for children age of six to 11 with two copies of the F508del mutation. We requested priority review, which if granted, would provide us with a decision on the application in the second half of this year. If approved approximately 2,400 additional patients in the U.S. would be eligible for treatment. Outside the U.S. we have commenced discussions with reimbursement agencies in various European and other countries. Given the clinical benefits of ORKAMBI and the severity of the disease for people with two copies of the F508del mutation, we believe that we will achieve reimbursement from key European and other government payers just as weve seen in the U.S. ORKAMBI is already commercially available in Germany and through early access programs in France. In the near-term, the progress and our understanding of treating eligible patients with ORKAMBI gives us clarity on a revenue expectation for 2016. Later in the call Stuart and Ian will talk about the ORKAMBI launch in detail, our guidance, and how we think about revenue trends from 2015 and growth into 2016 and further into the future. For KALYDECO we are increasing our revenue guidance for 2016 which Stuart will discuss in his remarks. As we think about the future opportunities for ORKAMBI and KALYDECO I want to emphasize that revenue growth in 2016 and beyond is largely a function of additional patients who are currently eligible for ORKAMBI or KALYDECO initiating treatment with these medicines. On that basis alone we believe there is significant growth ahead for both medicines. Consider that today ORKAMBI and KALYDECO are approved for approximately 27,000 people worldwide, but we are only currently treating approximately one-third of these patients. As we see additional uptake of ORKAMBI in the U.S. and achieve reimbursement for eligible patients outside the U.S. growth will continue as additional patients continue to initiate treatment. In addition, there are many more patients not currently eligible for treatment, who may benefit from either ORKAMBI or KALYDECO. In total, we believe there are approximately 44,000 people an additional 17,000 people beyond those eligible today who could benefit from one of these two medicines. This additional group of patients was largely comprised of the following: First, approximately 12,000 people less than 12 years of age, who have two copies of the F508del mutation and who may be helped by ORKAMBI. And second, approximately 5,000 patients who may be helped by KALYDECO comprised mostly of patients who have residual function mutation. Treating a substantial portion of this additional group of 17,000 patients would further drive ORKAMBI and KALYDECO growth if we obtain future approvals for these additional groups of patients. We have ongoing studies, regulatory submissions, and development plans to support these efforts including ongoing discussions with the FDA regarding our application for approval of KALYDECO and approximately 1,500 people ages two and older with one of 23 residual function mutations, as well as our recent sNDA submission to the FDA for approval of ORKAMBI in children ages six to 11 with two copies of the F508del mutation. While we are focused on getting ORKAMBI and KALYDECO to as many patients as soon as possible, we also recognize that there are many patients who are still waiting for a treatment for the underlying cause of their disease. We hear from these patients often, so I am particularly pleased to report that our CF pipeline is advancing. This gives us great confidence that we will ultimately be able to treat the vast majority of people with CF and potentially enhance the benefit for those people currently taking our approved medicines. I will start with VX-661, which could play an important role in the treatment of people with CF and its currently in Phase III development. In combination with ivacaftor our Phase II data suggests that VX-661 may have an improved benefit risk profile compared to ORKAMBI in people with two copies of the F508del mutation and may provide enhanced clinical benefits over ivacaftor monotherapy for other patients with gating mutations. We are on track to obtain the first data from the ongoing Phase III program for VX-661 in early 2017 from the study in people with two copies of the F508del mutation. Additionally, VX-661 is positioned to play a key role in the development of a triple combination with a next-generation corrector and ivacaftor. We believe that this triple combination approach will be fundamental for two reasons. First, triple combinations may allow us to treat a very large group of patients who are not helped today by either ORKAMBI or KALYDECO, including those with one F508del mutation and a second mutation that causes minimal CFTR function. And second, these regimens could provide even greater benefit to patients currently eligible for our approved medicines who have at least one F508del mutation. Today, we have two next-gen correctors in clinical development VX-152 and VX-440. These potential medicines are currently being evaluated in Phase I studies in healthy volunteers. Successful completion of these studies would enable us to move rapidly into Phase II studies in the second half of 2016 to evaluate one or more next-generation correctors with VX-661 and ivacaftor and people with CF. Ill now turn to our pipeline of other potential CF medicines that could be complementary to our portfolio of CFTR modulator and it may enable us to treat more patients and provide greater clinical benefit in the years to come. The most advanced example of this is our lead ENaC inhibitor VX-371. Today, we announced data from our Phase II 14-day study of VX-371 in 142 people with CF, who are not receiving ORKAMBI or KALYDECO. The study met its primary endpoint of safety, 96% of the patients who enrolled in the study completed all treatment and the treatment regimens consisting of VX-371 were generally well tolerated. There were no statistically significant changes from baseline in FEV1 for those patients who received VX-371 compared to placebo. The data announced today are consistent with our in vitro data that did not show a meaningful change in cilia beat frequency when VX-371 was used alone in human bronchial epithelial cells with two copies of the F508del mutation. In contrast, these in vitro data did show a meaningful change in cilia beat frequency when VX-371 was used in combination with ORKAMBI. Together, the in vitro on clinical safety data generated to date provide further support for our ongoing study of VX-371 in combination with ORKAMBI. This ongoing study began enrolling people with two copies of the F508del mutation ages 12 and older in the first quarter of this year. And the primary endpoints are safety and mean absolute change from baseline in lung function at a 28 of treatment as compared to placebo. Additional information on these studies can be found in our first quarter press release issued today. Additionally, last year we entered into a collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics with a longer-term goal of discovering gene editing approaches for the treatment of genetic diseases including CF. The use of this technology in people with CF maybe many years away, but it is strategically important as we think about future advances that could fundamentally change the treatment of this disease in the years to come. Tonight, I have summarized how we think about our opportunity in CF. An opportunity that is unique both in terms of the potential benefits that ORKAMBI and KALYDECO provides the people with CF today. And also for the long-term potential of our development stage medicines to treat the vast majority of people with CF in the future. In conclusion, Ill make just a few comments about the type of company we will become as we achieve the success in CF that I have just outlined. Vertex is on a path toward sustained earnings and revenue growth driven by an increasing number of people being treated with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. We believe our business model when focused on significant investment to create value through innovation, research and development positions us to consistently discover and deliver transformative new medicines for patients and to reinvest in scientific opportunities to create future medicines. With that, I will turn the call over to Stuart to make more specific comments on the ORKAMBI launch.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff and hello everyone. Tonight, I will review our progress with the launch of ORKAMBI, the basis of our 2016 guidance for ORKAMBI product revenues and our ongoing efforts to obtain reimbursement outside the U.S. to drive further growth of ORKAMBI in 2017 and beyond. We are now just over nine months into the launch and we are pleased that approximately 65% of eligible patients in the U.S. have initiated treatment with ORKAMBI to date. Global sales of ORKAMBI in the first quarter were $223 million comprised of U.S. sales of approximately $214 million, and ex-U.S. sales of approximately $9 million, which were mainly from Germany. At the beginning of the year, our intention was to provide financial guidance for 2016 ORKAMBI revenues, once we had gained sufficient understanding of the dynamics of the launch in the U.S. Today, we have a deeper understanding of how doctors and their patients are using the medicine. Based on the real world treatment patterns we've observed in more than 4500 patients who initiated treatment in the U.S. in 2015. I'll now share with you our understanding of the launched dynamics that informed our guidance. First, uptake defined as the total proportion of the 8500 eligible patients in the U.S. who will begin treatment with ORKAMBI by the end of 2016 and also the rate at which these patients initiate treatment. Second the persistence rate, defined as the proportion of patients who start and remain on treatment. And third, the compliance rate which reflects the number of pills actually taken by a patient in a given month. First to uptake, to date approximately 65% of the 8500 eligible patients in the U.S. have initiated treatment with ORKAMBI comprised of more than 3000 patients who initiated treatment in the third quarter of 2015 more than 1500 in the fourth quarter, and approximately 800 in the first quarter of 2016. We have seen further initiations in April and expect that patient initiations will continue throughout 2016 albeit the lower rate than in the first three quarters post launch. We continue to expect the vast majority of the eligible patients ages 12 and older in the U.S. will initiate treatment with ORKAMBI by the end of this year. Second, persistence among patients who have initiated ORKAMBI since launch, weve seen that approximately 15% of patients discontinued treatment within three months of starting treatment. Our clinical trial and market research data indicate that these discontinuations are largely related to respiratory adverse events. After the first three months of treatment, the discontinuation rate then slows considerably. Based on what we've observed to date from all patients taking ORKAMBI including those who have been on commercial drug for up to nine months and those who continue to receive ORKAMBI as part of our Phase III long-term extension study. We expect that the proportion of all patients who initiate and remain on treatment will stabilize at approximately 70% to 80%. It is also important to point out that the pattern of patient initiations and discontinuations had an offsetting effect on our first quarter ORKAMBI revenues. Specifically because more than 4,500 patients began treatment with ORKAMBI in 2015 the impact of approximately 15% of these patients discontinuing ORKAMBI was highly evident in the first quarter. Therefore while approximately 800 new patients initiated treatments in the first quarter. This growth was largely offset by the bolus of patients who discontinued treatment. This bolus of discontinuations began in the fourth quarter, but had a larger impact on the first quarter of 2016, where there were also fewer patient initiations to offset these discontinuations. And finally compliance. Based on what we've observed to date from the launch we expect the compliance rate with ORKAMBI to be between 70% and 80%. In summary, based on our understanding of the launch dynamics for ORKAMBI and the fact that we have continued to see additional patients initiating treatment with ORKAMBI in April. We expect to deliver quarter-to-quarter revenue growth for ORKAMBI beginning in the second quarter and continuing through the end of 2016 and into 2017. I will now turn to the use of ORKAMBI to date outside the U.S. We are now well into the reimbursement process in all key European countries Canada and Australia. Specifically the clinical and cost-effectiveness assessment portions of the reimbursement process. These discussions are going as expected and have been productive. We believe that government payers across Europe recognize both the severity of this disease and the broad clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. These discussions will take time to complete. However, as Jeff mentioned earlier we believe that we will achieve broad reimbursement from key European and other government payers just as we've seen in the United States. ORKAMBI is already available commercially in Germany and through early access programs in France. We are only three months into the launch of ORKAMBI in Germany and the uptake has been slower than we observed in the U.S. We attribute this to a number of factors, including that CF care in Germany is not concentrated in large centers as weve seen in other countries. Meaning there are many smaller centers and also many centers and physicians who have not yet had personal experience with CFTR modulators. In Germany, there are approximately 2,500 patients eligible for treatment. As of March 31, 2016 approximately 230 patients had initiated treatment. However, we expect the number of patients initiating treatment in Germany will grow through 2016 and into 2017. We do not expect what we are seeing in Germany will be representative of the uptake in other European countries. In fact in France where early access programs provide the opportunity for physicians to begin treating patients with ORKAMBI prior to formal reimbursement approval. We have already seen approximately 400 of the 1,500 eligible patients initiate treatment with ORKAMBI in 2016. We took all of this information into account when we set 2016 revenue guidance for ORKAMBI of $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion. Our guidance reflects our understanding of the ongoing U.S. launch as I just discussed. As well as expectations that we will receive both approval for ORKAMBI in the U.S. for patients ages 6 to 11 in the second half of 2016 and certain revenues from sales of ORKAMBI outside the U.S., primarily from Germany. Taking a longer-term view we expect significant further growth for ORKAMBI revenues in 2017 driven primarily by patients initiating treatment following the completion of reimbursement discussions outside the U.S. And now to KALYDECO. Today we are increasing our financial guidance for 2016 revenues. We now expect KALYDECO net revenues of $685 million to $705 million. The prior guidance provided on January 10, 2016 was for KALYDECO net revenues of $670 million to $690 million. We increased our KALYDECO guidance based primarily on an increasing number of patients initiating treatment with KALYDECO globally and on expectations of a reduced impact this year from the VX-661 Phase III program. Our guidance for KALYDECO excludes any potential revenues from the approval of KALYDECO for people with residual function mutations. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thank you Stuart and good evening to everyone. With the closing of the first quarter of 2016 and nine months into the launch of ORKAMBI, we are seeing significant progress across our business. Notably, we are seeing increasing number of patients being treated with our approved medicines resulting in a growing revenue base that we expect to drive earnings growth. I will now review our first quarter financial results and provide some specific comments about the long-term financial trajectory of our business. Financial results first, in the first quarter of 2016 we reported total CF product revenues of approximately $394 million, a significant increase compared to a $130 million in the first quarter of 2015. With ORKAMBI, we reported sales of $223 million for the first quarter 2016. We have recorded approximately $574 million of ORKAMBI revenues in the first nine months since the U.S. launch in July 2015. The first quarter KALYDECO sales of $171 million were up $41 million versus the first quarter of last year. Now to the operating expenses, our first quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $306 million compared to non-GAAP operating expenses of $246 million for 2015. The increased operating expenses were primarily due to increased costs related to the progression of our CF pipeline and to increased investments in global commercial support for the launch of ORKAMBI. Our non-GAAP net profit for the first quarter of 2016 was $22 million or $0.09 per diluted share, compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $148 million or $0.62 per share for 2015. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the first quarter with approximately $1.03 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Vertex also has $300 million outstanding from a credit agreement repayable by the end of the third quarter of 2017. The agreement also allows for the facility to increase to $500 million. Now to financial trends, Stuart provided 2016 ORKAMBI and KALYDECO revenue guidance and the assumptions that drive our projections and therefore I will focus my comments on the longer-term growth opportunities that may come with treating more patients with our currently approved medicines. We expect ORKAMBI revenues will continue to grow as we treat more patients in the U.S., achieved reimbursement outside the U.S. and expand the ORKAMBI label to younger patients. KALYDECOs growth is based on gaining reimbursement for certain groups of patients outside the U.S. including those with R117H mutation and the people ages two to five with gating mutations. In summary, as Jeff noted earlier, approximately 27,000 people are eligible for our CF medicines, yet we are only treating approximately one-third of these patients. As additional patients in the U.S. started treatment, we complete reimbursement discussions outside the U.S., we expect the number of patients treated with our medicines to increase significantly and we expect revenue growth will follow. I will note that in 2015 we reported total CF revenues of $983 million. Based on 2016 guidance provided for ORKAMBI and KALYDECO, we anticipate the total CF revenues of approximately $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion, an approximate 75% increase over the prior year. As our revenues grow over future years we are committed to managing our operating expenses to drive earnings growth and we expect to deliver financial profile similar to many of our large-cap biotech peers. With that, I open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Yee of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Yee: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for all the details, really appreciated. I think its very helpful for everyone. Two-part question, one is you gave all these discontinuation and persistent rates and compliance rates, which is in your guidance. Is there anything out there that you can do to either improve these things, education, getting people to just get patients to take more drug? And can you apply any of this learnings to Europe, are you seeing the same stuff in Germany, are there any ways to improve it there. And then the second question is a pipeline question on the 661 you mentioned in the press release that you are changing the enrollment to do 200 instead of 300, but is that assuming you actually passed the futility? Can you just verify that a little bit? Why are we talking about changing enrollment if we havent passed the futility? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hey Mike, its Stuart here. Ill take the first part of your question around discontinuations and compliance rates and then Ill have Jeff Chodakewitz to answer the pipeline question. So on discontinuations and compliance and what might be able to do need to improve those much as we did with KALYDECO, we will be continuing to generate data on the long-term benefits and even broader benefits of ORKAMBI when used in the real world. And I suspect that data if its compelling mainly positions in patients to reconsider, restarting ORKAMBI. So we will continue to develop the overall clinical profile of ORKAMBI as we have more experience in the market. In terms of compliance, really many of the same things that we did with KALYDECO will be doing with ORKAMBI and that's really providing both providers and physicians with the educational materials to be able to understand how this is a product which is treating the underlying cause of their disease and so is a product that they want to try and stay compliant with as much as they possibly can and we will certainly be leveraging all the learnings we have from KALYDECO with ORKAMBI and those programs are already in place. And lastly to your point about to Germany, clearly one of the things we are going to be doing is transferring all of the learnings from our launch experience in the U.S. that all of the other markets that we are launching into and thats in many ways the benefits of those markets coming on stream a little bit later that they can learn from our experiences here in the U.S. With that Ill hand over to Jeff to answer the question on the pipeline.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: Hi, Mike, this is Jeff. Maybe just to clarify, we did provide some information about the timing of the interim analysis in the admin study, but there has been no other changes for that trial. The change in sample size comes from one of our other Phase III trials looking at successful [ivacaftor] in patients who have more of a residual function mutation on one [of the earlier]. We did look at that and saw that there was some opportunity to maintain good power, but simplified and reduced the sample size and that's what that was about.
Michael Yee: Okay. Still that admin interim in Q3 have changed that, okay.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: Thats the interim, thats correct.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the questions, maybe just a follow-up on the discontinuation rate. I know you mentioned it's mainly due to respiratory events, but the 15% I think over three months is significantly higher than what you saw in the trials. I know you mentioned previously it could be higher, but any more color there on the drivers behind that that you can expand on a little bit. And then on the ORKAMBI guidance, just wondering if you can provide a little bit more clearly there on the contributions from U.S., rest of world and then the patients 6 to 11 in terms of relative contribution? Thank you.
Jeffrey Leiden: Sure, Terence. So on the respiratory events I think what Id say there is, now what we are reporting today is what we are seeing in the real world usage of ORKAMBI in the broad population, obviously the clinical trial population that we studied in traffic and transported is a very controlled situation, that was patients with and have to be one between 40 and 90. So really as we try to extrapolate from the clinical trial experience, the real world experience thats one of the reasons - that uncertainty is one of the reasons why we wanted to make sure we had sufficient time in market before we gave guidance, because we really wanted to see how the product would get used in the real world. In terms of the contribution of various different parts of the world to ORKAMBI revenue guidance that you might expect the vast majority of the revenues is going to come from here in the U.S. That will be a contribution ex-US, but its going to be relatively small and then incorporate within our guidance as we said is also an expectation that we will see an approval in 6 to 11-year-olds in the latter part of 2016, which would give us access to an eligible population where about 2500 and thats also incorporate within our guidance, but that approval is not anticipated until the back end of 2016.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys thanks for taking my question. I got a couple - I am trying to get sense as to when you guys realize that compliance or persistent or discons were different for ORKAMBI versus KALYDECO or commercial ORKAMBI versus Phase III I mean you guys had a chance you know 3Q call JPM 4Q call to be crystal clear on this and it's 10 months almost into the launch and now we are getting some detail. And I just have a couple of follow-ups.
Jeffrey Leiden: So Geoff thanks for the question. So I just want to take us back a few months which as went into JP Morgan and also year-end conference call at the end of January. We are very clear with what we wanted to do regarding ORKAMBI guidance and for us at that point in time it was earlier in the launch. Yes, weve recruited a number of patients onto ORAKMBI but were still early in the launch to understand treatment patents. We stated that very clearly what weve been able to do now as we sit here as you point out just over nine months into the launch. Weve been able to take significant bolus of patients for example 3,000 patients that initiated in the first three months since approval. And weve been able to track those six to nine months. What that allowed us to do was to understand compliance rates and helped us understand discontinuation rates and also the plan of discontinuation, as Stuart mentioned thats been an important feature for us. So this was the - we feel as though were in this position at this point in time while weve been to track a substantial amount of patients over a good period of time to have the confidence to provide guidance for 2016. The comparison to KALYDECO was less relevant for us it was more about the treatment patents for ORKAMBI. ORKAMBI is a different medicine than KALYDECO based on its clinical data and the patient population, but we now have enough confidence to provide you with the ORKAMBI guidance.
Geoff Meacham: Okay. And just a follow-up to some earlier questions I guess just to ask it in different ways. For patients that are at low FEV1 at baseline and do experience bronchoconstriction, is there a treatment protocol in place? I mean we've obviously heard of things like half dose than uptitrate or dose skipping. Is there something that you guys can recommend to pulmonologist, a strategy for those that do experience bronchoconstriction? Thank you.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: Geoff this is Jeff Chodakewitz, maybe just to give you a couple of comments about that, we don't have anything in terms of very concrete specific guidance that we can give. But we make a couple of observations. First of all whats clear from speaking to our investigators and also to physicians in the field, that clearly the support for the patients about setting expectations for the patient and for the physician and helping patients in those early weeks manage any symptoms, we think is very important and something that goes back to some of the education questions that weve heard about earlier. We are also collecting information in our own study for patients whose FEV1s were less than 40 and were in the process of summarizing that. We did in that study give patients the option to start on a lower dose and well get that data together and summarize it. But its not going to be kind of data that says here's a specific recommendation. We know that that is being used but it's really still about physicians and their patients working together to manage.
Geoff Meacham: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Mark Schoenebaum: Hey guys I really appreciate for taking my question. Number one, I just like to know have youve been surprised by the way the launch has unfolded? Im sure you had some projections a year-ago for persistence. And have you been surprised? And number two; I know you cant comment specifically on peak numbers, but the sellside consensus around $4 billion at peak for ORKAMBI. I am just wondering can you just talk about that. And then finally, is there any opportunity for reinitiation in these patients that dropout early? Thank you very much.
Ian Smith: We have a list of questions, so we dont get to all of them.
Mark Schoenebaum: Sorry about that.
Ian Smith: Yes, so were all scribbling down. But if we dont get to them please say them again.
Jeffrey Leiden: So Mark in terms of how we feel about the launch I would say we are very pleased with the way the launch is progressed here in the U.S. from how we were able to work with payers to get access and reimbursement from ORKAMBI from early on in the launch to the rate of uptake that weve seen I mean to get close to 65% of eligible patients initiated within the first nine months is a fairly steep ramp. So we are pleased with it. So I think overall, we are pleased and the launch has played out much as we anticipated. In terms of the potential re-initiations, we have heard anecdotally from physicians that they have tried reinitiating patients on ORKAMBI. We don't have much in the way of clinical data to be able to support that. We are certainly aware that there are physicians who done that successfully for some of their patients, so thats certainly is something that will continue to watch in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Leiden: Mark, this is Jeff Leiden. Maybe just to add a little bit more of 10,000 foot view on both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI like you have been involved with many, many drug launches. And I think its worth just putting those in perspective a little bit, from the standpoint an example in ORKAMBI of getting to 65% of the patients in nine months and of course with KALYDECO close to 90%. Thats a fairly unusually fast ramp. And from the standpoint of persistence the kinds of number Stuart was talking about, lets say 70% to 80% is the number that we said loud and its still a very, very high number compared to most chronic medicines. And we believe that we represent the correct perception of both physicians and patients have about the value of these medicines in treating the underlying cause of the disease for long period of time. And that really underlies our - thinking about the pipeline as well because as we develop this next set of medicines including next-gens and hopefully ultimately things like CRISPR. We are talking about progressively increasing the benefit risk profile of our portfolio of drugs that these patients can take. And that will only of course increase both persistence and compliance rates. So overall very pleased with where we are. We know we have more work to do to get to more patients and improve therapy, but these two drugs have really performed quite well so far.
Mark Schoenebaum: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges of Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey Porges: Thanks very much. Just a few questions, first could you help us out just give us the breakdown between U.S. and ex-U.S. sales of KALYDECO, so we are all in the same page. And then I just want to go back to Jeff's comments. Jeff could you really clarify this residual function changing and what has altered in terms of your statistical analysis or your assumptions about the activity as a drug or the combination. And give us a sense of what the hurdle there is for ORKAMBI effect. And then lastly, on this issue of persistence, is it reasonable to assume that about 50% of patients of the eligible pool are on drug right now, because we keep going round and round about initiations and discontinuations, but surely what's important is the number of patients who remain on drug at the end of the quarter and its 50% roughly the right number or perhaps slightly below that 45% to 50% of the eligible. Is that the right way to think about it? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Geoff, its Stuart here. Ill take your first question around KALYDECO revenues then I will hand over to Jeff Chodakewitz. So within the total KALYDECO revenues of a $171 million for the first quarter of 2016, $95 million of that was in the U.S. and the balance of about $76 million was in international.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: Geoff, in terms of the residual function study, we really step back and said is there an opportunity to reduce the end of the study somewhat without sacrificing the integrity of the trial. We really looked at that two-ways that we saw opportunity; one is that we really focused our statistical analyses on key parameters. And that really allows us to take care of that. The other thing is that we also looked at the aligned data and so that the discontinuation rate for the trial was actually lower than what we had left room for and that also was an opportunity to reduce the end.
Geoffrey Porges: Great. Thanks very much.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: And finally Geoff, to your question on ORKAMBI, your back of envelope math is approximately right at the end of the third quarter. And you are right about 50% of the eligible population were on. Clearly, thats a moving target because its a mix of the discontinuation and the initiation. The important thing I would add to that number is that moving forward in Q2 and beyond, we do expect patient initiation which we continue to see in April in the U.S., obviously we continue to see internationally in places like Germany, we expect to outpace discontinuations which is why we are predicting quarter-on-quarter growth for the remainder of 2016 and beyond.
Geoffrey Porges: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Thanks very much for all the granularity and appreciate you taking the question. I guess my first question, Im wondering if you are seeing any trends towards maybe less sick higher FEV1 patients going on to therapy over time with ORKAMBI would theoretically improve persistence and compliance. And then on 661, if 661 looks better tolerated, but perhaps less efficacious than lumacaftor. Im just wondering how you weigh which potential backbone to combine for the next generation corrector in two triple combos? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: So in terms of any trends to where the products being used in either sick of patients or less sick patients, to be honest with you Brian with 65% of eligible patients being initiated is being used across the board, obviously weve got a range of different physicians incenses here some started using it in the more severe patients and start using is the less severe patients, but we really are seeing usage across the whole range of FEV1 patients as you'd imagine with 65% of eligible patients having been initiated. And on the backbone, for the triple combination Ill pass it over to Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes, just on the triple combination, obviously we cant speculate that exactly what will happen, but I would remind you that there were a number of reasons but 661 is the preferable partner, most of those have to do with drug interactions and making it simpler to combine that into a triple regimen. So I guess what I would say is all things being equal if 661 and lumacaftor had equal efficacy in combination with KALYDECO we are certainly can go with 661, because of those pharmacokinetic. I think that answer the question.
Brian Abrahams: Yes, not exactly. I guess I was sort of wondering whether I mean we know 661 has less 384 interactions and I guess I was sort of wondering whether some of the real world ORKAMBI side effects that you are seeing are perhaps driven by not only the respiratory, but driven by 384, which we know is going to look better with 661 and sort of how you weigh that if efficacy is perhaps not as good?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes, thats not the reason just to be clear, so those AEs are not driven by set interaction, we feel as we said before by off target construction is unique to lumacaftor, we dont see or havent seen the 661.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Walsh of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Adam Walsh: Hey, thanks for taking my question. A few weeks ago, we published 47 physician ORKAMBI survey and if you think jumped out at us I want to [indiscernible]. Most notably our survey showed that a patient discontinue ORKAMBI due to drug related side effects, 70% of doctors encourage these patients to restart the drug and then a very meaningful percentage of those patients not only successfully restart the drug, but also subsequently remain on the drug long-term. So my questions are as this consistent with your own internal research or patient restarts factored into your guidance and if so to what extent? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: So Adam, its Stuart here. Thanks for the question. In terms of restarts, yes, your survey is consistent with what we heard - in that we have heard from the physician that they are trying to restart ORKAMBI in some of that patients who they have previously had to discontinue the product largely because as that they are - believe it treating the underline diseases is clearly a good thing for those patients if they can tolerate the medicine. In terms of the absolute volume of that at the minute thats hard to quantify, we certainly heard it anecdotally, we heard and even certainly heard success stories. Its fair to say that within our guidance weve assumed relatively minimal impact for restarts, because at this time we really don't have evidence that its happening in quite the numbers that perhaps people have said that they might do it in. So at the moment within our guidance relatively minimal amount of restarting patient resume to happen in 2016 here in the U.S.
Adam Walsh: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Phil Nadeau: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Two on commercial then a quick one on the pipeline. On the commercial can you give us some sense of how many lives outside the U.S. could gain reimbursement for ORKAMBI in 2017? Sure you have internal estimates and ranges I am curious what those are. And then similarly in the younger kids do you expect any different penetration of ORKAMBI into the population than you've seen in the older kids and adults. Then last on the triple [indiscernible] combined all three drugs in healthy volunteers yet and what your disclosure strategy will be when you move in Phase II? How much data from the Phase I while we get? Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: So, Phil, its Stuart here. I will take those two first commercial questions. In terms of the number of why that might be eligible. So the number of patients with the F508del homozygous mutation 12 and above in Europe and somewhere around 12,000. Within our 2016 guidance the only country that we are assuming, we are going to be able to recognize revenues for us in Germany. Yes, were not in a position to be able to give 2017 guidance at this point and trying to predict exactly when these reimbursement discussions is going to conclude is frankly impossible to do because clearly its a negotiation and the vast majority of countries dont have a formal time clock. And so at this point were really not in a position to be able to speculate on when those might be concluded. In terms of what we would be anticipating in the six to 11 year old population, if we are successful in gaining approval for that here in the U.S. then our anticipation would be much as weve seen with KALYDECO that the uptick there is likely to be similarly robust as weve seen in adults although I would remind you that the 2016 perspective thats likely to come in the second half or in the second half of the second half of 2016.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: And Phil I will take the last question. So the Phase I study in healthy volunteers still ongoing so we cant make a comment on that. But as terms of disclosure and timeline still as we discussed before we expect to be in patients with triple combination in the second half of the year. The disclosure of the Phase I around that will be relevant information that supports the Phase II study design at this point that is too difficult to describe and well let you know when we have that information and were initiating the Phase II study.
Phil Nadeau: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I have two left for you. So realize its early but wanted to ask about the potential impact of payer reauthorizations on ORKAMBI. How common is it and how does it compare with the process you saw with KALYDECO. And then capital allocation question for you. Now that you are profitable in growing and sitting on a billion dollars in cash on your balance sheet, at what point would you consider buying back some of your stock? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: So Cory on the payer reauthorizations not all payers have published policies that include that reauthorization criteria. So thats the first thing I would say. Of the ones you have most have a time clock at six to 12 months. So we are really only now beginning to get to the point of patients getting to the time point when they are having to go through the reauthorization process. Having said that, the payers that have published policies or where their reauthorization criteria are known, the vast majority of them either in line with the label or reflect these systemic benefits of ORKAMBI and by that I mean they recognize that this product can have benefits across multiple endpoints and either improvements or stabilization in those endpoints, qualified as a successful outcome. So whilst we are only now beginning to get into the period of seeing those reauthorizations, I feel good about the reauthorization criteria that weve seen today and to your last part of your question, they are not dissimilar at all to what we saw with KALYDECO.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: And to the last question we have thought about stock buybacks in terms of capital allocation, but as we think about the priority of capital allocation for our business I will just give you a broader thought, which is we are still in this transitional period of moving into profitability and cash generation and watching the revenue curve. As we go up the revenue curve and we drive revenue growth and therefore earnings growth, which translates to more cash generation. We look to apply that capital to reinvest back in the business. First, internally into our pipeline, but then potentially outside of the company to diversify and expand our pipeline. Weve already done activities in that area, as you know, with CRISPR and ENaC inhibitor. So those continue to be the priorities. Its the internal investments, its the external investment, because we go up that revenue growth curve and have greater capital to allocate. We will get consideration to capital strategies such as share buyback, but at this point of time, its a little early for us. And if we were to move into something in the near future it would be of a smaller scale to stop the shares outstanding creep that occurs each year through option exercises.
Cory Kasimov: All right. Thanks, appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alicia Young of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Alicia Young: Hey, guys thanks for taking my question. The three of them are kind of around compliance. And I guess when I look at the math that we get over the quarter. It seems like the first two quarters, the compliance was potentially higher like 95%. And maybe in this quarter based on our math it would have gotten to about 80%. So I guess, one, is that analysis fair? Two, can you give us any color on if the scripts are written in one or three month increment. And then third just when you think about 70% to 80% range on compliance which actually does move the model quite a bit. What kind of qualitatively do you think about that kind of get you in the 70% versus 80% range? Should we think about like amount of days the people are taking so there's a delta in the days they miss and just kind of adding that up and thinking about or is there some other way we should think about quantifying compliance.
Stuart Arbuckle: So, yes, let me try and answer those sequentially. In terms of the compliance trend, compliance is the metric that you need the longest period of time to measure, because clearly this is a chronic medicine. And so in the first prescription to get you kind of assumption is that you are a 100% compliant. You have to wait until they get the second prescription to work out, exactly what it is. So this is the one that really takes the longest period of time for us to get a good handle on. I dont know obviously the intricacies of your model and I'll just reiterate that we are based on the trends that weve seen to date and the experience weve got with the patients who have been treated to date. Our expectation for the year and the assumption on which our guidance is built is that it will be somewhere between 70% and 80% for ORKAMBI this year. In the terms of the one or three months script, the vast majority Ive written for one month there are some three-month prescriptions written. But the vast majority of prescriptions are written for - on a monthly basis. And in terms of kind of qualitatively what would lead you to one end versus the other, to me this is all about education and our ability to help providers to give to their patient information, which educates them on the nature of the disease, the underlying defect, the fact that ORKAMBI is designed to treat those underlying defects into the extent they believe in the science, believe in the long-term benefit that ORKAMBI could provide to them. Then I think thats only likely to lead to patients having a higher compliance rate, where we are focused on that. We are certainly taking all the learnings we can from our experience with KALYDECO to support patients to take the prescriptions in line with their physicians recommendations.
Alicia Young: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Harrison: Great, thanks for taking the question. I have two which are somewhat follow-ups on Phils questions. Just on next-generation correctors and those studies. Can you just tell us if you saw a safety event, what kind of safety event would be discloseable versus not discloseable. And then is there a point in time that were going to see PK data from healthy volunteers which might help us better understand how the drug levels that we saw on the HB data might compare in patients? And then a separate commercial question just in the six to 12 pool for ORKAMBI, are your assumptions for persistence and discontinuation rate the same as what you're seeing now on the overpopulation. And if they're not the same, can you just explain why? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: So maybe Ill take the first couple of questions. So with the next gen disclosure, what would be required to disclosure since Reg FD and if there was a material adverse event we would have to disclose that, if we want to need to give you an example that would be discontinuation of the trial for example, and we would have to disclose that. Other than that is an ongoing trial, we need to complete the trial, gather the date that will inform as I said earlier for the Phase II trial in patients with triple combination and we will provide relative information in that point in time that supports the design of that trial. Can you just remind me your second question?
Matthew Harrison: Yes, I was just wondering where we see PK data so that we can compare sort of the drug levels that you can achieve in healthy volunteers versus the drug levels that you are achieving in the HB assets, so we have some point of comparison on relative drug levels?
Jeffrey Leiden: So we will provide you the relative information that obviously understand the design of the Phase II study. However, it is not our practice to provide that kind of detail on a Phase I study. And there is a number of reasons for that and I would just give you one that there is a specific competitive reason that we would prefer not to provide that information on the Phase I study.
Ian Smith: And Matt, in 6 to 11 I mean really the contribution of the 6 to 11 population if we are successful in getting approvable. As I said its really going to be - likely to be in the fourth quarter. So really the contribution there within our overall guidance is more about uptake than it is around persistence and compliance and much as we did with the 12 and above population I think well obviously be watching that very, very closely just as we have done since the launch in July and that'll give us an ability to learn how the product performance with those patients in the real world again. One of the things that we have seen with the younger population with KALYDECO they tend to be slightly more compliance and the average is not surprisingly because they have got a lot of [indiscernible] and care giver supervision, but really those assumptions that we have given you really much more likely to the 12 and above population, well see how this 6 to 11 patients plan in the real world in the course of the time after the approval.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ying Huang: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Number one, I want to know if you guys have seen an uptick in discontinuation due to lack of efficacy or I thought due to the - I guess the chest tightness. And then secondly for the ATU price that you get in France, how does that compare to the German pricing of 159,000 per year per patient. And lastly I have a question on your growth net, is that consistent would you guys have guided before which is like mid-teens in 1Q 2016? Thank you.
Ian Smith: So Ying, in terms of discontinuations the - based on our clinical trial experience and also what we are seeing in the market, the vast majority of those discontinuations are for adverse events and most commonly thats the chest tightness. In terms of the ATU, we havent disclosed the price within the ATU program and in terms of the gross to net, the gross to net that weve seen and our predating is potentially slightly lower than we originally thought thats largely due to the fact that the Medicaid for the patient population that were seeing is slightly lower that we anticipated. This is really as a result of many of those Medicaid patients, so we thought would be covered by Medicaid are actually qualifying for disability benefit under Medicare, as a result of that we are seeing a lower Medicaid population and the result we are seeing we are predicting a slightly lower growth to net of somewhere around 12% for the year.
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes, I might just add to that which is coming into 2016 and 2015 was the gross to net was closed to 7% as we moved into the Q1 of 2016 is increased to 9%. So it is moving up slightly as we expected, but as we plan out and we look at the patients that are coming on to drug, we anticipate that it could end the year around 12% and sequentially creeps on to that 12% level and thats also placed into our guidance.
Ying Huang: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Liisa Bayko: Hi. Just a couple of technical questions. Were there any inventory changes in the quarter?
Jeffrey Leiden: No.
Liisa Bayko: Okay.
Jeffrey Leiden: ORKAMBI inventory at the end of March was, to all intents and purposes, identical to that which it was at December 31, so there were really no inventory change for ORKAMBI at all.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, great. And then can you comment on gross to net, sort of where were you for the quarter and you know would that be relatively consistent for the rest of the year? Will it change in some way?
Ian Smith: Are you referring to ORKAMBI Liisa?
Liisa Bayko: Yes, sorry thank you.
Ian Smith: So as you just mentioned - thats in Q1 we were approximately 9% gross to net discount. In Q4 of last year we were at 7% we actually expect the Q1 level of 9% to trend up to be something closer to 12% by the end of the year.
Liisa Bayko: Okay. Great thats helpful. Thank you. And then when you say 15% of 65% have discontinued thats like a 10% discontinuation rate roughly? Is that the right way to think about that?
Ian Smith: No Liisa so and its really important so thanks for asking the question. It is of the patients youve initiated 15% of them have discontinued ORKAMBI within approximately the first three months. And so if you think about 4,500 patients who initiated between July and December, 15% of those patients would have discontinued within the first three months and then that rate of discontinuations that slows considerably the 65% is the number of patients who initiated therapy by the end of March. So the 15% you need to apply to all of the patients who initiated some - its not 15% of 65% its 10%, its 15% of the 65% who have initiated they will discontinue therapy is our believe.
Liisa Bayko: Right. But thats gets you 10%, doesnt it? If you multiply 65 by 15.
Jeffrey Leiden: Liisa, well jump on the phone with you after the call and we'll do the math.
Liisa Bayko: All right. Thank you. And then I just had a question about the Rowe inhibitor. Can you just give us a little detail on that trial what are the endpoints you are looking at? Whats the timing for data? Thats my final question. Thank you.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: Hi, Liisa this is Jeff. So the Rowe inhibitors trial is really specifically in patients who had a catastrophic injury to their cervical spine and then really have very core function of immediately following that injury in the study then we follow those patients at the time of surgery they have either placebo or one of two doses of active drug and its about 150 patients total. And then we follow them for six months looking at particularly how their upper extremities function because thats so important to how patients, the quality of life of patients and then we do some other measures of disability. And its very hard right now. We just started the study as weve said so I think its very hard to predict in that kind of population in particular exactly when we are going to get results.
Liisa Bayko: Thank you.
Jeffrey Leiden: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tony Butler of Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Tony Butler: Yes, thanks very much. Briefly, Stuart, in France again the early access patients which receive ORKAMB I think you mentioned 400. I understand reimbursement has not occurred, but given the uptake being fairly strong if one assumes that the majority of that 1500 will be treated by year end and you do get reimbursement lets say next year. Does that come in a bolus payment for that which has occurred or is that payment then amortized assuming those patients stay on drug for 2017 and beyond? Thanks very much.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, thanks for the question, Tony. So the way the accounting works in France is that for the cash that we get for those patients before we get reimburse those recognized as cash not as revenue. At the point that we have certainty about the selling price or very close to certainty about the selling price in France then we will be able to a long-term adjustment, convert that cash to revenues and then from that point forward all of those will be counted as revenues going forward. And thats because the - whatever rebate you agree with the French government is retroactive to the sales that you had from the point that you launch the product.
Tony Butler: Thats helpful. Thank you. And finally you would call that out as an item in the quarter in which it occurs, I assume?
Jeffrey Leiden: So maybe I'll follow on from Stuart. So I'll just validate Stuart's answer as kind of a CPA, so nice job Stuart. In terms of revenue recognition, many of you that are on this call probably have seen other companies go through this with the ATU in France. And then absolutely, at the point that we get to a point where were comfortable with the price in France, yes, we would call it out in the quarter specifically and in that same of time wed recognize all the revenue in that very quarter.
Tony Butler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Katherine Xu of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Katherine Xu: Hi, good evening. Thanks for squeezing me in. So I just have one question on the CRISPR program based on the research that you have ongoing right now, what kind of mutations are the most amenable for the technology first. And how difficult is it to eventually correct those FFA which is a deletion [indiscernible].
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes. This is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the question. I think as you know - if you look today CRISPR is most amenable to actually inactivating treatment, making cleavages, because that's what it does most efficiently and obviously thats not what we would want to do in the dose by the case and then you move to making corrections and then you move to more complex solution and insertion. So there is no doubt that there are still challenges to concur both in terms of how we correct solutions like in those by the way, but also in how we deliver this, because obviously this has to be delivered efficiently to a large numbers cells and the lungs and we dont know how to do that yet. So thats why we said and we think CRISPR is incredibly powerful technology for the future, its going to take a number of years to concur mostly some of the editing challenges, but also in protecting the delivery challenges thats what we are working no in CS. Now, we are also - I just remind you just because nine collaboration, we have right settle targets, fixed targets and some of those would be in other disease where some of these issues like delivery and editing are much more straight forward. So I think you cant expect to hear from us over the next couple of years on our progress to some of those other disease.
Katherine Xu: So at this point are there any limitations that are easier than others to edit, should we know that?
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes, as I said I think single based payer corrections are going to be a lot easier than complex solutions and insertions to correct, but nevertheless I mean there are some pretty significant challenge in the diseases like CL. When you move to ex-vivo therapy and you move to inactivation in ex-vivo therapy you are in a whole different world in terms of efficiency and so you will see some of those I think from us and others as being the first application.
Katherine Xu: Thanks.
Ian Smith: So I will turn it back over to Jeff maybe for some final comments.
Jeffrey Leiden: Yes, first of all thank you for your questions, thanks for your patience I know it was a long call, but we did want to give you not only our guidance, but detailed rational for the guidance, so that you understand our model. And we appreciate the questions on that. As I look at our progress with the company over the last year, I guess I will call out three things that I think are important. First, the continuous increase in the number of patients that we treat, that actually have dramatic increase in the number of patients that we can treat with KALYDECO, ORKAMBI. And as we look forward, the increasing number of patients we can treat with todays approvals, so as I mentioned $27,000, but we are still only treating the third of those and I think we have a clear path to get to the majority of those patients both in the U.S. and Europe over 2016, 2017 and beyond. Second thing I would say is the pipeline progression, we are pleased with 661 progressing well into Phase III of multiple trials and multiple patient population, but equally important with next gen correctors which are progressing through Phase I with our - and still on a timeline to get into patients as triple combination made this year. We think thats going to be very important. Those were the patients we treated potentially for additional subsets of patients. And then finally the progression of science, we didnt talk about that a lot today, but the science CF I think as progressed significantly and we have a much better understanding of the folding correction process and the science that David Altshuler was driving the rest of research group in some of the new diseases, we touched on those a little bit with CRISPR-cas9, but also other, but I hope we will be able have a chance to talk to you about over the rest of 2016 and 2017. It is an important long-term growth engine for the Company. So with that maybe I will close the call and thank you again for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - VP, IR Jeff Leiden - Chairman, President and CEO Ian Smith - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matt Roden - UBS Securities LLC Samir Siddhanti - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley& Co. LLC Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets Ying Huang - Bank of America Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Brian Abrahams - Jefferies Alicia Young - Credit Suisse Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Adam Walsh - Stifel Nicolaus Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until we will open the lines for questions. As a reminder, this conference call is recorded. A replay will be available following the conclusion of tonight's call. Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer, will provide prepared remarks this evening. Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer, will join us for the Q&A portion of the conference call. We recently presented at the Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference where we provided a comprehensive update on our business and had the opportunity to meet with many investors and analysts. As such, our remarks tonight will be brief. We expect to conclude the call by 5.45 P.M. On tonight's call, Jeff will review key priorities for our business in 2016. Ian will review our fourth quarter and full year 2015 financial results and discuss our 2016 financial guidance which we provided also earlier this month. As always, you can access the webcast slides on our website. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our drug candidates, Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs, and Vertex's future financial performance, are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in today's financial results press release. Please also see slide four of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Earlier this month I met with many of our investors and analysts at the Annual JP Morgan Healthcare Conference and talked about the important transition has Vertex has made in the last few years. As we enter 2016, Vertex is on a path toward sustained earnings and revenue growth, driven by an increasing number of people being treated with our two approved medicines for cystic fibrosis, KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. We have a broad and deep pipeline of investigational medicines for CF that we believe may allow us to reach our goal of treating all people with CF in the future. Additionally, our pipeline of medicines for other serious diseases, including cancer, pain and other neurologic diseases, continues to progress through early stage clinical development. In short, we're a very different Company than we were just four years ago. This evening I will briefly review our key priorities for 2016 and provide some insight into upcoming milestones in CF and other parts of our business. Our number one priority has been and continues to be to increase the number of people eligible for and treated with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and to develop potential new medicines that may provide even greater benefit for all people with CF in the years ahead. At this time last year, just over 3,000 people were eligible for treatment with KALYDECO. Today approximately 25,000 people are eligible for KALYDECO or ORKAMBI and we expect the vast majority of these people will begin treatment with these medicines to treat the cause of their CF. We also expect to increase the number of people eligible for these medicines in 2016 through label expansion efforts that could include younger patients or patients with other mutations in the CFTR gene. Our second key priority for 2016 is to continue building a financial profile of sustained revenues and earnings growth and a strong balance sheet. In 2015, the continued expansion of the KALYDECO label and the approval of ORKAMBI resulted in a significant increase in the number of patients being treated with our medicines which led to a significant increase in revenues. Our progress in 2015 has positioned us for continued growth and we believe we are on the right path to achieve our goal of building a financial profile consistent with that of other global biotech companies. And finally, our third key priority is to invest in our business to create future medicines for other serious diseases. Continued investment in our pipeline is essential for creating additional breakthrough medicines for patients. I'll spend just a few minutes reviewing our recent progress and upcoming milestones that reflect these three priorities. Our first CF medicine, KALYDECO, was approved by that FDA in January 2012 and since then our goal has been to bring this medicine to as many people as possible who may benefit. KALYDECO addresses the underlying cause of CF and is a significant medical advance for people with certain mutations in the CFTR gene. Today approximately 4,000 people are eligible for treatment with KALYDECO in North America, Europe and Australia. We're committed to bringing this medicine to even more patients who we believe may benefit in the years ahead. We are awaiting a decision from the U.S. FDA on our application for approval of KALYDECO in people ages two and older with CF who have certain residual function mutations. There are approximately 1,500 people ages two and older in the U.S. we have the residual function mutations represented in the supplemental new drug application for KALYDECO. While our submission for approval in these mutations is primarily based on preclinical data, and on a Phase 2a clinical study in only 24 patients, we believe that KALYDECO would be beneficial to these patients, given the underlying science behind this precision medicine approach of using genetic markers and predictive assays to identify patients who are likely to benefit. Importantly, we chose to seek this approval knowing that these patients would otherwise have to potentially wait years before potential approval based on Phase 3 data. With more than four years of safety data, we believe that this path toward potential approval is in the best interest of people with CF. However, we also recognize that the application is based upon limited available clinical data in these rare mutations. The PDUFA date for a decision from the FDA is February 7. With ORKAMBI, we are working to bring this medicine to more patients who we believe would benefit, specifically children with two copies of the F Delta 508 mutation similar to the approach we took with KALYDECO. With the approval in the European Union at the end of last year, approximately 20,500 people, ages 12 and older, are now eligible for treatment with ORKAMBI in the U.S. and Europe. Today we announced that a Phase 3 study of ORKAMBI in children ages six to 11 met its primary safety endpoint and supports our planned submission of a supplemental new drug application in the second quarter of this year in the U.S. If approved, an additional 2,400 people in the U.S. with CF would be eligible for treatment with ORKAMBI. While this was primarily a safety study, we also saw encouraging improvements in secondary and exploratory efficacy endpoints, including a statistically significant change in the exploratory endpoint of lung clearance index or LCI. Changes in LCI are also the primary endpoint of an ongoing Phase 3 study to support approval of ORKAMBI in this age group in Europe. There are approximately 3,400 children, ages six to 11, who have two copies of the F Delta 508 mutation in the European Union. Additional information on these data was provided in today's press release. Today KALYDECO and ORKAMBI are approved to treat approximately 25,000 people in North America, Europe, and Australia. We believe that there are many more people who may benefit from these medicines and we have trials ongoing or planned that could expand the number of people eligible for treatment to approximately 44,000 in the years ahead. Beyond our approved medicines, we have a pipeline of investigational CF medicines from early-stage research programs such as gene editing with CRISPR, to late-stage development programs evaluating combinations of our CFTR modulators. This pipeline represents hope for the CF community and our goal is to one day treat all people with CF. We have a broad Phase 3 program underway evaluating the corrector VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor. And we are also advancing the development of two next-generation correctors that would be combined with the VX-661and ivacaftor as part of a Phase 2 study of triple combinations planned for later this year. Both approaches are asking the same fundamental questions. First, can we enhance the benefit for patients already receiving KALYDECO or ORKAMBI? And second, can we provide benefit to new groups of people with CF not currently helped by KALYDECO or ORKAMBI, including a very large group of patients with one F Delta 508 mutation and a second mutation known to result in minimal CFTR function. The VX- 661 program includes four Phase 3 studies in different groups of people with CF who have at least one copy of the F Delta508 mutation. We will begin to see the first results from the VX-661 program by early 2017 and, importantly, this program is also meant to provide a significant amount of safety data to support evaluation of a next generation corrector with VX-661and ivacaftor as part of an investigational triple combination regimen. At the end of 2015, we initiated clinical development of two next generation correctors; VX-152 and VX-440. Phase 1 studies of each compound are ongoing in healthy volunteers and are evaluating single and multiple doses of VX-152 and VX-440, as well as triple combination with VX-661 and ivacaftor. Together with the safety data from the VX-661 program, these studies are designed to support the planned initiation of Phase 2 studies to evaluate triple combination regimens in patients in the second half of 2016. Our business model is unique. The success we have achieved in CF allows us to reinvest in the discovery and development of new transformative medicines. In parallel with CF, we are advancing a number of additional development programs for cancer, pain, and other serious diseases. We have significant flexibility in how we may advance these programs, either independently for those diseases we believe are aligned with the focus of our business, specifically specialty diseases where G&A expenses are low, or in collaboration with other companies that we believe would be best suited to rapidly bring these potential medicines to patients. We believe our pipeline represents both potentially transformative future medicines for patients and significant value for our business. We have begun to provide some additional insight and data for our pipeline programs and I look forward to providing updates on our progress throughout the coming year. I mentioned at the start of my remarks that Vertex has undergone an important transition in recent years. We are now a global biotech company that has independently brought forward two breakthrough medicines to people with CF worldwide and is on the path to delivering significant earnings and cash flow. Our financial performance in 2015 and guidance for 2016 are metrics of the kind of company that we want to become, a company that consistently creates transformative new medicines for patients, generates significant value for shareholders, and reinvests in scientific opportunities to create future medicines. This is our business model and I am pleased by our success to date and with our outlook for the coming years. With that I'll turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thanks, Jeff. In my remarks today, I will review our fourth quarter and full year 2015 financial results, and discuss our 2016 financial guidance for total KALYDECO net revenues and non-GAAP operating expenses, excluding cost of revenues. I will also discuss our expectation for providing ORKAMBI guidance in 2016. Financial results first. Our 2015 net CF product revenues were approximately $983 million. This includes KALYDECO net revenues of $632 million and ORKAMBI net revenues of $351 million. Total CF product revenues increased by more than 110% compared to 2014. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we reported total net CF product revenues of approximately $401 million, including KALYDECO net revenues of $181 million and ORKAMBI net revenues of $220 million. Fourth quarter KALYDECO sales of $181 million were up 45% versus the fourth quarter of last year and up 9% versus the third quarter of 2015. This included approximately $6 million in inventory stocking that occurred at the end of the fourth quarter. Growth in KALYDECO was driven by both label expansion efforts which increased the number of eligible patients to approximately 4,000 and by the completion of key reimbursement discussions in Europe. With ORKAMBI, more than 1,500 patients started in the fourth quarter, resulting in sales of $220 million, up 68% versus third quarter of 2015. As expected, we saw a very rapid uptake for ORKAMBI in the period immediately following the FDA approval with more than 3,000 people starting treatment in the third quarter. Demand from patients and physicians has been strong. But, as expected, fewer patients started treatment in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, in line with our prior statements regarding expectations for the rate of uptake for ORKAMBI. We expect this trend to continue through the end of 2016, by which time we expect the vast majority of the 8,500 eligible patients in the U.S. to have initiated treatment with ORKAMBI. Growth to net adjustments were largely unchanged from the third quarter and were in the high single-digits due primarily to a greater proportion of patients within commercial plans initiating treatment in the first six months following the approval of ORKAMBI as compared to government paid plans. Each of the 50 state Medicaid programs has now paid a claim for ORKAMBI, thus we expect gross to net adjustments will increase to the mid-teens by the end of 2016 to reflect an increase in patients treated being covered by Medicaid. As we enter 2016, we are pleased with the launch of ORKAMBI to date, and remain focused on working to ensure those who need the medicine have access to it, educating healthcare providers and supporting adherence to ORKAMBI. Now to operating expenses. Our fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $282 million, including R&D expenses of $204 million and SG&A expenses of $78 million. The increased R&D expensed in the fourth quarter 2015 compared to 2014 were primarily the result of increased costs related to the pivotal Phase 3 program for VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor. The increased SG&A expenses were primarily the result of an increased investment in global commercial support for the launch of ORKAMBI. And tonight I am pleased to report that for the fourth quarter 2015 we recorded a non-GAAP net profit of $43 million, or $0.17 per diluted share compared to non-GAAP net loss of $132 million or $0.55 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014. Our 2015 non-GAAP net loss was $268 million, or $1.11 per share, compared to non-GAAP net loss of $511 million or $2.17 per share for the full year 2014. From a balance sheet perspective, we started 2016 with a strong cash position of $1.04 billion. Vertex also has $300 million outstanding from a credit agreement that provides for a secured loan of up to $500 million. Now, let's turn to the 2016 financial guidance, which we first provided on January 10th. We expect 2016 KALYDECO net revenues of $670 million to $690 million. Our guidance for KALYDECO revenues reflects the continued use of KALYDECO as was seen in the fourth quarter of 2015, which resulted in revenues of $181 million, and the expectation for up to approximately 200 patients with a gating mutation to enroll in a Phase 3 clinical study of VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor who would otherwise have received KALYDECO, which will thus reduce 2016 KALYDECO revenues. There was also an approximately $6 million inventory stocking that occurred at the end of the fourth quarter 2015. That is not expected to recur in future quarters and is thus accounted for in our guidance. Importantly, our current guidance excludes any potential revenues from the approval of KALYDECO for people with residual function mutations. We will update our KALYDECO guidance should we receive FDA approval for residual function mutations. With ORKAMBI, more than 4,500 people have begun treatment in the U.S. by the end of 2015. There are four primary pieces of information regarding the launch that will inform our decision regarding ORKAMBI guidance. First, since all patients who initiated treatment with ORKAMBI in 2015 have been on treatment for approximately six months or less, we are waiting additional information on the compliance rate for patients taking ORKAMBI. While we continue to expect that the vast majority of eligible patients in the U.S. will begin treatment with ORKAMBI by the end of 2016, we're waiting additional information on the specific rate of uptake and on the specific proportion of the 8,500 eligible patients who begin treatment with ORKAMBI in 2016. And finally, additional information on the persistence rate, defined as how many patients remain on treatment will also be taken into account. These four factors, the compliance rate, the rate at which patients begin treatment, the total number of patients who initiate treatment, and the persistence rate, all are important in considering our guidance for ORKAMBI. In 2016, we expect to recognize revenues from sales of ORKAMBI in the U.S. and Germany. In Germany, there are approximately 2,500 people with CF, ages 12 and older, with two copies of F508del mutation. In Europe, country to country reimbursement discussions are underway. However, we do not anticipate any significant ORKAMBI revenues from countries other than the U.S. and Germany in 2016. The final component of our financial guidance is non-GAAP operating expenses, which are comprised of R&D and SG&A expenses and exclude cost of revenues. We expect our total 2016 non-GAAP operating expenses of $1.18 billion to $1.23 billion. As a reminder, our guidance for 2015 operating expenses was for $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion, and we reported 2015 operating expenses at the low end of this range of $1.06 billion, largely as a result of costs related to VX-661 that will now occur in 2016 as opposed to 2015. The increase in expense expected operating expenses for 2016 as compared to 2015 is primarily a result of expanded development efforts related to the pivotal Phase 3 development program for VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor and for multiple Phase 1 and two studies of Vertex's early stage of mid-stage pipeline of potential CF medicines and anticipated SG&A costs to support the launch of ORKAMBI in new global markets. The components of Vertex's non-GAAP operating expenses include non-GAAP R&D expenses, which we expect to be in the range of $850 million to $880 million, and non-GAAP SG&A expenses, which we expect will be in the range of $330 million to $350 million. Vertex's expected non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses exclude stock-based compensation expense and certain other expenses. In summary, we are in a strong financial position as we enter 2016. We remain committed to delivering a financial profile that is similar to many of our large cap biotech peers, which includes sustainable revenue and earnings growth, high operating margins, and most importantly, continued investment to create future medicines.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham of Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys. Thanks for the question and congrats on profitability. I got a commercial and clinical question for you I guess I will start with commercial. Wanted to know if you can go into a little bit more detail about persistence rates over time with KALYDECO and whether this should be a real benchmark for ORKAMBI. I'm just curious if you guys have tracked people who have discontinued, but later comeback to therapy.
Jeff Leiden: So, Geoff maybe Stuart will take a question. So, thanks for the comment.
Stuart Arbuckle: Both quarter.
Jeff Leiden: Stuart is going to take the question might also comment on some of the other features that are affecting how we're thinking about the launch as well.
Geoff Meacham: Yes.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Geoff, hi its Stuart here. So, yeah, let me reiterate a couple of things that Ian said about ORKAMBI and the factors we are taking into account when thinking about the launch in the way of tracking very closely. One is obviously the peak penetration so the number of eligible patients in total that get initiated over therapy over time and we continue to expect the vast majority of 8,500 patients will. Then there's a rate of uptake, how quickly we get to that peak penetration as you know at the end of December we had about 4,500 patients on therapy about 55% of the total and we expect that we'll get to peak penetration during the course of 2016. And then as you said one of the other key components is persistence, the number of patients who stay on therapy. And obviously it's pretty early days because whilst we've only been on the market for six months, we really don't have long-term experience with very many patients yet. In the Phase 3 studies for ORKAMBI, at about 24 weeks in traffic and transport about 5% of patients have discontinued, the 48 weeks in the open label extension with ORKAMBI, we were at 15% of patients had discontinued. So, that's in the ORKAMBI clinical trials and time will tell whether we see a higher number or lower number, but probably a higher number who are discontinuing in the real world. With KALYDECO, in the studies we looked at, it was about 5% of patients again who had discontinued in the KALYDECO clinical trials. It was actually slightly higher than that in the real world, it got closer to 10%. So, in the real world, over time and largely that was a longer period of time, we did see a slightly higher number -- higher percentage of patients on KALYDECO discontinue versus the clinical trials. The last thing we're going to be thinking about that is obviously compliance and that's the percentage of patients who actually take the pills that have been prescribed by their physician. As you know KALYDECO is very, very high at 85%, certainly the highest I've ever seen personally for a chronic medication. Obviously medicines are roundabout the 60% range, I would anticipate ORKAMBI is going to be in that range probably towards the higher part of that range, but somewhere in that range. The only other question we will have to look at very closely and again we just don't have data on it, we don't have data on it in the clinical program Geoff and we'll have to see how it plays out in the real world is whether physicians and patients choose to reinitiate therapy if they have discontinued for some reason. And we just have no information from the clinical trials because they just weren't set up to look at that, if a patient discontinued they would then excluded from further therapy. So, we just don't have data on that right now Geoff. Hopefully that gives you some perspective on what we're thinking. 
Geoff Meacham: No, that's helpful. And just real quick on the clinical side, when you look at the 152 and 440 study and healthy, has there been any evidence of drug/drug interactions with KALYDECO and 661 and I guess I'm trying to figure out whether you guys expect to take multiple doses of those to correctors into CF patients when you look to this back half of the year. Maybe just help us with the design of that 28-day study as you see it at this stage. Thanks.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Hi Jeff, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. So, in terms of the Phase 1 studies for VX-152 and 440, we're really in the midst of those studies and we obviously can't comment on the ongoing trials. Maybe just a comment on [Indiscernible] Phase 2 and we're in early days in terms of those designs, but I do think it's likely that we would look to take multiple doses of the compounds into those Phase 2 studies to learn as much as we can.
Geoff Meacham: Got you. Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks Geoff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden of UBS. Your line is now open.
Matt Roden: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. I also wanted to congratulate you on the milestone of turning back to profitability. So, regarding the pediatric study I understand the primary endpoint is safety and the LCI data look really good, which in the latter point being important for what's going on in Europe. But just wanted to get your perspective on the sort of 2.5% improvement in FEV. Have you talked to any experts or the FDA about that? I can't imagine that's going to be any kind of issue for you, but just wanted to see if there's anything to add on that side. And then on the commercial side, wanted to ask, you have left the residual function mutations out of the KALYDECO guidance, but just trying to get a sense for if that were to be approved, how should we think about the onboarding of those patients on to commercial drug? I'd imagine you have a conversion of those that are on trial to commercial, but apart from that, would you characterize this is a highly motivated subset of patients or because they have a milder phenotype could this be a slower rate of penetration? Thanks very much.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Hi Matt, it's Jeff Chodakewitz, maybe I'll start. So, in terms of the pediatric study, we were pleased with the results of the study, really meaning both endpoints for exposure for PK and then for safety as you said, so that was a nice outcome. The expectation with the FDA is that once you have established efficacy in the same disease in older children that as you move to younger age groups -- really -- it's really about that exposure and safety consistent with the design of the study. I will say that I think we were also quite pleased with the evidence of efficacy in the population where it gets harder to actually demonstrate that. And I think actually the FEV1 showing that strong trend was actually quite favorable remembering that these kids started any pretty high FEV1 percentage of baseline and actually you noted the fact that the LCI measure, which is in its earlier days, was nicely positive and that's our primary endpoint in the European study and lastly the BMI kind of measures as well. So, I think overall we were quite satisfied with the results of the trial.
Stuart Arbuckle: Matt, its Stuart here just to comment on the residual function. So, as you said, residual function is not included within the KALYDECO guidance that we have provided. There's about 1,500 patients with the 23 mutations that we've asked for within our filing. In terms of patients transferring from clinical trials, clearly the article trial on which the application is based or which included in the clinical trial is very small. So, it's not as if the huge bolus of patients to transition from clinical supply to commercial supply. In terms of rate of uptake, the best analog of think for you there would be R117H which by definition is a residual function mutation. And so both in terms of peak penetration and rate of uptake, I think that's probably the best analog for you to think of in terms of the rate of uptake we might see if we're approved. And then just to illustrate what Ian said in his prepared remarks, if we're approved in residual function, our anticipation is that we update our KALYDECO guidance to reflect that.
Matt Roden: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Samir Siddhanti: Hi, this Samir on for Terence. Thanks for taking the question. Have all ORKAMBI clinical trial patients in the U.S. transition to commercial drug? And if not, how many are left to transition? Thanks so much.
Jeff Leiden: I'm not going to comment on exactly how many, but the vast majority of the patients who were on clinical trial supply have now transitioned to commercial drug. Just to orient you there was approximately 500 in total of the patients in traffic and transport were in the U.S.
Samir Siddhanti: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Thanks for taking the question. So, I just had two quick ones. So, one, just Ian can you go back to the KALYDECO stocking comment that you made and just tell us if you think we should see some of that inventory come out of the channel this year and how that's in your guidance? And then separately just on the EU pediatric study, how will data from that influence maybe FDA perception of the filing that you guys have? And also how is timing of that related to when you would expect to have a PDUFA date for the label expansion in the U.S.? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Yes, so I'll take the first one and then Jeff Chodakewitz can take the second question. So firstly, the stocking question that you ask is for all people we estimated there was a proximally $6 million of inventory stocking in the fourth quarter for KALYDECO. What we mean by that is the inventory was higher at December 31 compared to September 30 by $6 million. That will then sell out of the channel, so it does impact future sales because it was in inventory. We have removed that from our guidance, so when we made an estimate for our 2016 KALYDECO guidance, we removed that. In fact I think when we all met in JPMorgan, San Francisco I gave people a simple calculation to think about how we got to our guidance for 2016. I'll refer to the again which is in the fourth quarter of 2015, we did approximately $180 million of KALYDECO revenues, $181 million to be precise, but approximately $180 million. If you multiply that -- if you take $6 million out of that and you get $174 million worth of fourth quarter run rate revenue and then multiply that by four, you then actually deduct the patients from that annualized number and you get to approximate range of the guidance that we provided which was $670 million to $690 million for KALYDECO. So, we did take account for that stocking.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Great. And this is Jeff, I think in terms of your questions around pediatrics, maybe starting with the U.S., as we said we expect to submit our file in the second quarter of this year, we haven't yet had those discussions with the FDA of course, but we're operating under the assumption of a six-month review time. The European study is still ongoing, it's enrolling and I don't really see there being much interaction in terms of those processes.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Hi thanks, good afternoon. As it relates -- guidance for Ian I know there is no formal guidance for ORKAMBI, but is the key message here when I look at the consensus of 1.6 billion, is the key message to think about the discontinuation is a little bit higher in compliance a little bit lower based on the comments that Stuart made in the U.S.? And then on OUS, Ian do I need to be clear that Germany is the only country being launched? Are there other things I need to think about when I look at the consensus of 345 million? Maybe they make a common of that and how consensus is modeling just so I'm clear on that. And then second question is just a quick clinical question, on 152 and 440, in the Phase 1 even though it's healthy, is there anything quite hard or any other biomarkers you're looking at that you will disclose that could give any hints of efficacy? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Thanks for the questions Mike, Jeff Chodakewitz has actually just stepped out while you asked that second question.
Jeff Leiden: Might be able to tell, Jeff has a pretty bad cold.
Ian Smith: I just want to make sure he heard your question. I'll take the first question and so Jeff will take the second question. So, first of all, know we are not trying to say discontinuation is a bigger issue than compliance. I actually appreciate asking the question so we can clarify that. That's not what we are trying to say and it's not actually what we are saying even early on in this launch. But I appreciate the opportunity to comment on how people are thinking about the ORKAMBI launch and how we're seeing at reflected in sell-side models and specifically 2016, let's say forecasted that are in the sell-side models. So, obviously, when you look at consensus, there a number of different models that are out there, a number of different numbers and so there's some extreme numbers and then there are some that are more towards the normal. What I would say, I don't know the assumptions that are being put into other people's models, but I would ask you to listen carefully to Stuart's comments, where we touch on when do we believe we're going to get to peak penetration, the rate of uptake of ORKAMBI and then importantly, the persistence and compliance because specifically compliance if people take six pills out of every 10, it straightforward, you get $6 out of every $10 of your gross price. And obviously there is a gross to net discount based on whether you've got Medicaid patients versus private payer patients. And so I just -- the opportunity to comment on this call to all people that wanted, I want to make sure that people are giving thorough consideration to all this aspects of the launch and would be happy to talk to you after the call as well. As far as your question regarding Germany, Germany is the only country that we expect any significant revenues from outside of the U.S. And just to give you the background of Germany, Germany has an estimated 2,500 patients. We believe it could take 12 to 18 months to reach the peak penetration in those patients and we provided people with a price in Germany. And it is one aspect of the sell-side models that I do struggle with, because when I look at and ex-U.S. consensus of the sell-side model, a number that's close to $300 million; I find it very challenging for us to accrue that much revenue from Germany alone. And so I do appreciate you calling that out and so I just hope that people are giving consideration to all these features when modeling the ORKAMBI launch. And then --
Michael Yee: Yeah -- 152.
Jeff Leiden: Just very briefly about 152 and 440 I really can't tell into the details of the ongoing studies, but as you know the main focus for Phase 1 study is there's got to be exposure and safety and we learned a lot from those ongoing studies.
Michael Yee: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ying Huang: Hi, good afternoon, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first one is for Stuart. So, ORKAMBI you can look at a much larger eligible patient population here. I know you guys have this clinical [Indiscernible] reimbursement agreement with Australian government for KALYDECO. Do you expect government payers to ask for some similar arrangement for ORKAMBI besides Australia? And then the second one I have on clinical side is maybe for Jeff, talking about the preclinical data you have, what's the metabolism and also secretion route for the two next generation CFTR correctors? Do expect any drug-drug interaction at all based on the way the drugs are metabolized and secreted with ORKAMBI? Thank you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Ying Stuart here, I'll take your first question. Thanks for the question on reimbursement and kind of I have to cut to the chase, I really can't speculate on exactly what our arrangements are going to look like with governments around the world because we really are just at the beginning of that process and just to remind people, in most countries it is really a three-step process. There will be a clinical assessments of the risks and benefits of the agent, then as a pharmacoeconomic assessment and that really then is the sort of starting point for than the price and contracting negotiations and until we kind of work our way through that process it's really impossible to speculate on exactly what the nature of any relationship that we might come to with the various governments around the world. And for the cynical question, I will hand that over to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Sure. Briefly, you are asking about metabolism and so forth and as you know, it's very hard from preclinical data to speculate especially in Chile really understand exposures and so forth. We are going to understand that much better from our Phase I study. I would point back to what we have said all along about our NextGen molecules that we wanted to get molecules that werent just look good in Vitro but actually could be medicines and that's the way we've approached it.
Ying Huang: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I wanted to go back to the topic of ORKAMBI outside of U.S. obviously there's a lot of talk about reimbursement and time to rollout in Europe but wanted to go to other regions such as Canada and you just mentioned Australia but following the approval in Canada -- I noticed 1500 patients that meet the label criteria, can you remind us of the market size in Australia as well? And once you do have the reimbursement in place, what would you expect the anticipated pace of uptake and really just the overall relevance of these markets to be from a commercial standpoint. Thanks.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Cory, Stuart here. As you said, the eligible patient population of F508del home as I get in Canada is about 1500 patients and thats out of about 4000 total CF patients that we estimate in Canada. Now that we've got the kind of regulatory approval we can now begin to seek public reimbursements for ORKAMBI in Canada and as you know as Ive just described the process there is again a clinical assessment. There will be a pharmacoeconomic assessment and then there will be a price negotiation, probably through the pan-Canadian pricing alliance process that we went through with KALYDECO. In terms of rate of uptake, much as we are seeing here in the U.S., I do anticipate that the relative rate of uptake will be slower for ORKAMBI than it was with KALYDECO in Canada and indeed other markets outside of the U.S. for the same reason. It's just the sheer volume of patients as much larger than it is for KALYDECO and it's just more of an administrative burden to initiate patients. So much like were seeing here in the U.S. I'd expect the relative rate of uptake for ORKAMBI to be less than it is for -- less rapid than it was for KALYDECO in Canada and are indeed other markets outside of the U.S.
Jeff Leiden: Cory, this is Jeff Leiden. Maybe just to add one comment obviously weve heard a lot from Ian and Stuart and some of the questions about the kinetics of the launch and some of the short-term modeling. I do think it's important to stand back as well and remember what the total opportunity is which I think is where your question is going. So if you think about where we are today versus where we were even six months ago, right? Today, we have approval for 8500 patients in the U.S. and we have a launch that we are really pleased with more than 4500 or 55% of the patients already on drugs in the U.S. which I think is remarkable. We have reimbursements in the U.S. thats gone actually better than we have been expected meaning every state Medicaid is now reimbursing the drug and the majority of the private insurers are. We have approval in Europe and are starting a launch in Germany as you heard in the press release and ATU in France. Now we have approval in Canada which gives us access to 1500 private patients and the ability to negotiate reimbursement as Stuart said to an additional like 2500 patients or so. And so when you look at the total opportunity, it's actually every bit of what we thought before we have made significant progress and nothing of that has changed. It's impossible to predict the exact kinetics what's going to happen in the first quarter versus the second quarter but at least the way we look at it is we look out over the next couple of years we see that opportunity intact and progressing really nicely and I think it's important to sort of see that in the big picture as well as the short term model. So I hope that helps.
Cory Kasimov: Yeah, helpful perspective. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Two questions, first, on the clinical side on the 6 to 11 year-old population. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the natural history of untreated patients on the lung clearance index and points. Where does it typically go over a six months period in children of this age? I guess balancing disease progression versus normal growth. Does it typically worsen our stay flat? And then on the clinical/commercial side, can you give us anymore granularity on the ongoing Phase III B study in low FEV1 patients the doses timeline and potential impact that data might have to help these patients manage through the initial side effects and stay on therapy?
Jeff Chodakewitz: Hi, Brian. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So lets -- maybe start with the LCI and as we talk about little bit it is an early measure. So the information I could give you is somewhat imperfect just so you know and the advantage we think is being able in children who have relatively normal FEV1 that as you know they have significant underlying disease. Their pulmonary function really is far from normal. It allows you to measure that. And over reasonably short periods of time sort of like a six-month period as we go in our clinical studies, there could be small decreases but we think overall that should be relatively stable. There may be modest shift over time but we think we would be able to have a reasonable baseline for assessing it. So actually thats part of why the data that we had coming out of our pediatric study even without the control arm was encouraging to us. Maybe I will take a comment on the study in patients whose FEV1 are less than 40. We are still -- actually in the process of collecting all that data. We are still in rolling but we think that there is some useful information there just in terms of the experience that we have accrued. We did to your specific question did give hard way through give investigators the opportunity to start with a lower dose and then step up to full dose. That would be -- it's not a perfect evaluation of that but we were really trying to do what you said which is to help explore what could help patients get through those early weeks of dosing. We're going to summarize all that data and present it and use it from an education perspective as well.
Brian Abrahams: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alicia Young of Credit Suisse. Your question please.
Alicia Young: Thanks guys for take my questions and squeezing me in and congrats on the non-graph in the Green. Maybe just a couple. One if something happens with the residual where the FDA may request information do you guys have a strategy on how you might pursue that population going forward? And then also with the potential kind of chest tightness that sometimes happens, our text kind of suggest if that happens earlier rather than later like in the first couple of weeks but is there a dynamic where it could happen later and did you see similarities and differences though you probably titrated in the safety in the younger populations?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, hi, Alicia. Its Jeff Leiden. Maybe I'll take the first one since it's a bit of a science and a policy question, strategy question I think then Jeff see if you can take the second question on the chest tightness. So maybe just to give you a little background, I know you are aware of this but the RF application is a little bit unusual compared to the other applications. That Vertex has submitted on KALYDECO and ORKAMBI which are always based on large Phase III studies. This one is different. Its basically aimed at about 1500 patients with 23 different mutations resulting in residual function. And its based predominantly on preclinical data. That is cell-based data from cells that have been engineered to have those 23 different mutations supported by a very small Phase 2a study of about 24 patients that comprised eight or nine of those 23 mutations. And so what we are really asking the FDA to look at is both the science and the medicine. That we are submitting but also there is a policy question here which is how do extend the label of a drug like KALYDECO to very rare populations of mutations? Some of these mutations only have four patients in the last or ten patients in the U.S. and that's a very important policy question in precision medicine that as you know the FDA is considering much more broadly even just in CF. And so part of the reason why its little difficult to handicap this one is because of this combination of clinical and policy sort of things. We feel very strongly it is the right thing to do for patients that's why we did it. There are 1,500 patients in the U.S. but today don't have any CFTR correction therapy of any sort. And it would be years before they could get them based on large Phase 3 trials. For us this is definitely the right thing to do for patients and we believe in the science strongly and in the clinical support that we have but handicapping with the FDA is going to do obviously is a bit more difficult we will know by February 7 and then based upon what we do we have obviously come up with a strategy but again our goal is to try to get this medicine that has four years of safety data to these patients as soon as possible.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Great. And its Jeff Chodakewitz. Just to comment on your question about the chest tightness. Maybe first step back to our Phase 3 results which I think are the most definitive information. And as you noted those adverse events did occur very early. They were manageable in the vast majority of people and they did decrease overtime. Usually the average duration was approximately two weeks. So I think all of that really comes out of our Phase 3 data and suggested is an early event and the experience in our pediatric study was actually completely consistent with that. It was a small number, it happened early and in fact nobody discontinued because of that.
Alicia Young: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Liisa Bayko: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to better understand what you are describing with Canada in terms of the private payers. I know there are 1,500 patients that are -- would be eligible for ORKAMBI. Can you break that down into how many of those would be private?
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Lisa, its Stuart. There is 1500 patients in total who are 12 and over who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. And we estimate there is about 30% of those would be covered by some form of private insurance. Private insurance may take some time to kicking in Canada; it is not necessarily quite as rapid for them to come to a decision certainly that was our experience with KALYDECO. But approximately 30% of the 1500 patients we estimate will have some form of private insurance.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, thanks, thats helpful. And then the data on the kids look really impressive with the LCI. Can you maybe comment on the clinical meaningfulness of that number? Obviously, we are not as used to seeing that number as we are with FEV. So I would be curious if you could put some context on that. Thanks.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Sure. Its Jeff Chodakewitz. And I will say that in terms of that kind of validation of saying what the minimally clinically important differences it doesn't exist for that tool. I will say based on our discussions with people who are experts in the methodology, we were -- we kind of targeted a 0.7 decrease. Remember in this measure, actually a negative number is an improvement because of the way the test is done. So, I can't give you an exact number, but hopefully that gives you some context in why we were pleased with the results. 
Jeff Leiden: And Liisa, this is Jeff. Maybe to reiterate one thing that Jeff C. said before because I think it's important. And I remember you and I talking about this at one point, that we are very interested in some of these alternative endpoints for a couple of reasons. One, as Jeff said, these may be much more applicable to populations in which it is difficult to measure FEV1, like the kids, particularly as they get younger. But also because, as you know, FEV1, which is a measure of midsize airway resistance, is quite a bit downstream or upstream, if you will, from the problem in CF, which is really a distal airway gas exchange problem. And actually LCI is probably a much more sensitive measure closer to the actual physiology of what is going on in CF. And so we have been very eager to start to see results from these kinds of studies to tell whether LCI could actually turn out to be as good or better an endpoint than FEV1. And obviously we need to provide agencies with clinical data to support that and this is the first step in that process.
Liisa Bayko: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Phil Nadeau: Jeff and Ian thanks for taking my questions. Just to -- as we begin to model the younger kids -- the penetration of ORKAMBI to the kids age six to 11, are there any issues with compliance persistence or uptake in that population that you want to point out or do you expect similar rates of those elements in the younger kids as in the older? And then second, on the pipeline, I think we are expecting the ENaC monotherapy data midyear. Can you give us some idea of where you are looking for in that data set and what would be proof of concept? Thank you.
Ian Smith: In terms of modeling the kids, were we lucky enough to get an approval this year, I'd certainly recommend that people take into account the same considerations that's the peak penetration, time to peak, persistence rate and compliance, and model those each individually. In terms of what we have seen with KALYDECO, we have seen that the worst compliance we see tends to be in that teenage to young adultsville. And so because kids -- our assumption because kids are very closely monitored by their parents, particularly in that six to 11 year age group, perhaps not surprisingly, we see high levels of compliance with that particular patient group. We tend to see a bit of a dip, perhaps unsurprisingly, in the teenage to young adults group. So, we might anticipate in the six to 11 group that that would be our best complying patient population and that is certainly what we have seen with KALYDECO.
Jeff Chodakewitz: And it's Jeff Chodakewitz. Just maybe a couple of comments on the ENaC program. First of all, there is an ongoing Phase 2 study that Parion has the lead on. That study is across all different types of genotypes in terms of the patient population and so we're going to be really looking for early evidence of activity in that study. And not just looking overall, but we're going to be trying to learn looking among the different subpopulations and we still expect the results of that to come out around midyear. At the same time, we're going to be starting our study, which is very complementary to the study that's ongoing this quarter and that study is going to be in 508 homozygous patients who already are going to be receiving ORKAMBI. And then looking to see whether the ENaC inhibitor can add to the efficacy for that population. And actually the preclinical data in our hands actually suggests that that may be the best way to get activity and benefit for patients from that mechanism. And so ultimately it's going to be learning from both of those trials as we better understand what the potential for that mechanism may be.
Phil Nadeau: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Walsh of Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael Partridge: Adam, are you there?
Adam Walsh: Yes, I'm here. Hi. Thanks a lot for taking my question. I really appreciate it. I guess I have two questions. The first one is for Jeff Leiden. We have been out talking to docs and, according to them; your GPS reimbursement support program is really terrific. I'll start with that, but some of these docs also note that the total out-of-pocket cost burden for a lot of CF patients is really quite high, even before they try to get on ORKAMBI or KALYDECO. And I'm just curious in terms of -- with that in mind, how do you think about how far you can go to support patients, given the fact that if a co-pay is, say, 20%, and that adds quite a bit of out-of-pocket expense, where is -- how far can you go in supporting the patients there both with your own medicines and thinking about this in the context of the portfolio medicines they may already be on? That's one. And then I have a question for Jeff Chodakewitz as well. It mentioned in the press release that two patients discontinued treatment in the ORKAMBI six-to-1 study because of adverse events. If you could comment briefly on those two patients, that would be great. Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks for the questions. This is Jeff Leiden. I'm actually going to turn that one over to Stuart, because he is really responsible for the GPS program and he will also be able to describe the patient assistance program that has allowed us to help patients who do have high co-pays. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Adam, thanks for the question and thanks for the positive feedback. The GPS program, just so everybody is aware of it, is a service which is there to help patients and help them navigate the reimbursement process and there to provide them with ongoing education if they choose to opt in. It is great to get the feedback on that. Now dealing with the question you raised about out-of-pocket costs. For both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, we have comprehensive patient assistance programs in terms of co-pay assistance for eligible patients. The program is such that no patient who has a co-pay who is eligible for the program would have a monthly co-pay for either KALYDECO or ORKAMBI about $15 per month. And then for those patients who have coinsurance, we will cover coinsurance up to 30% of the price of the medicines. And the program is to keep things simple for people, identical for both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI.
Jeff Chodakewitz: And it's Jeff Chodakewitz. In terms of the pediatric study, as we pointed out, the overall profile was actually quite favorable. If there were two patients who discontinued, one of them was because of abnormal liver function tests and one of them was because of a rash.
Adam Walsh: Great. Thanks a lot.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum of Evercore ISI. Your question please.
Mark Schoenebaum: Hey, guys, first question is on guidance. Should we assume your financial guidance is more or less conservative than Partridge's statement that this call would end by 5:45? Because you missed that pretty badly, so I'm a little concerned here. Anyway, just really quick ones. I know it's getting late. Number one, can you just tell us when to expect data from the Phase 2 triple combo that you are going to start this year? I assume that is a mid-2017 event? Let me know if I'm wrong on that. And then, number two, I apologize if you addressed this. If you did I missed it. But can you confirm the timing and your disclosure intentions around the -- what I believe is the futility analysis in the HETMIN trial?
Ian Smith: So, Mark its Ian. I'll take both of those questions.
Mark Schoenebaum: I want an answer to the Partridge question, please.
Ian Smith: In his prepared remarks he said the call would be brief as well. So, he was wrong there as well.
Mark Schoenebaum: Pretty embarrassing.
Jeff Leiden: Luckily he doesn't give financial guidance for us.
Ian Smith: So, your first question was regarding the triple. And so -- first of all, the timing of getting data from the triple or disclosing the data from the triple is really subject to how fast we move through the Phase 1. And we've mentioned this before, the longer our Phase 1 takes, actually the better it is because it means we're escalating the dose and we're getting greater exposure of the drug into the healthy volunteers. And based on where we expect this to go, we anticipate in the second half of the year we will be in the proof-of-concept triple studies, which will probably push us into early 2017 to get that data. So, that's how we are trying to set a timing expectation. And then your second question was on the disclosure regarding which -- futility. The HETMIN futility. So, the HETMIN in terms of recruitment to that trial is actually going very nicely, as you might anticipate, given that these patients have no other alternative medicine. And so we anticipate that we will be completed enrollment around the middle of the year. And, therefore, we do expect the futility study to be done in the second half of the year. Obviously, we won't be disclosing that unless we have to curtail the study. So, no news would be good news on that assessment.
Mark Schoenebaum: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. And congrats on the Pat's loss.
Jeff Leiden: Now you're hurting us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tony Butler of Guggenheim Securities. Your question please.
Tony Butler: Yes, thanks very much for allowing me to squeeze one in. There are number of respiratory articles that actually support the use of LCI as an endpoint because it does demonstrate greater sensitivity. I guess the question is really what is the correlation between LCI and FEV, given that LCI apparently becomes abnormal earlier than spirometry and yet, in the later stage disease, it seems to correlate. And then, therefore, can you only use LCI in children? My last question -- I guess that's for Jeff C. And my last question really for Jeff L. Are you going to publish the kinetics and functionality of 152 and 440 soon? Or I guess ever, in a peer reviewed journal? Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Jeff -- I'll take the first question. And then -- I'll quickly say we will make the appropriate steps in terms of where we publish data regarding our molecules as we move forward. Obviously you've seen a lot of publications at NACF, which is in the fall and then overseas the ECFS conference, so you'll probably expect to see more data at those conferences. And then to your other question, Jeff.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Maybe a couple more comments on LCI. And as you point out, they do have overlapping but somewhat different sweet spots, if you will, in terms of the best way to use them. And I do think, as a field, this links back to Jeff Leiden's comments that we're continuing to learn the best way to use each of them. Obviously LCI has that potential sensitivity advantages in children. But right now there are only some centers that actually have the expertise to do that well. And, of course, a great tool used poorly doesn't really help anybody. So, I think there are still -- there is still a lot of work to be done. And then there is the other part of your question about regulatory recognition. And I can't speak for the regulators, but I think it was encouraging that in Europe, LCI was accepted as our primary endpoint in our study. So, I think there is, in general an openness to continue to advance the field and hopefully we can contribute to that.
Tony Butler: Thank you both.
Jeff Leiden: Great. Well, thank you again for joining us tonight. Apologies for running over; it was all Michael's fault. At the risk of running for one or two more minutes, I did want to make a couple of concluding remarks. And, again, I always like to do this sort of in retrospect and say where are we today as a company as compared to where we were six or 12 months ago. And I must say, from a personal standpoint and from the standpoint of CF patients, I'm very, very encouraged with the progress that we've made. I think we -- it's now clear that KALYDECO and ORKAMBI together are approved for about 25,000 patients or almost a third of all patients -- CF patients in the world. As we discussed at JPMorgan, there's a fairly straightforward strategy through label expansion in the younger populations and others to take that number from 25,000 to 44,000 patients in the next couple of years. And then we have a clear strategy with multiple prongs, actually, to get to the vast of majority patients. And they include the ENaC inhibitors which are in Phase 2, so they can move very rapidly if we see positive results there in combination with ORKAMBI. They include the NextGen correctors, which are moving along in Phase 1 and which we hope to have in patients in the second half of this year. And we think those have the potential to both increase the efficacy for the patients we're treating today, but also to let us get to that large subset of HETMIN patients that don't have anything today. And then finally the progress we have made with some of our deals, particularly the CRISPR deal here. And although that's the Holy Grail, 10 or 15 years down the road, we do have a vision of potentially correcting the underlying mutation and curing patients with CF. And so as I look at the world from our perspective, obviously, I'm tremendously encouraged about the future opportunity and particularly the future opportunity for patients. And I'm pleased with the progress we're making and we'll look forward to updating you over the next year as we continue that.
Michael Partridge: Thanks very much, everybody. That concludes tonight's call. The IR team will be available in our offices for additional questions if you have them. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect your lines

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Matthew Altshuler - Executive Vice President, Global Research and Chief Scientific Officer Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Samir Siddhanti - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Brittany R. Terner - JPMorgan Securities LLC Catherine Y. Hu - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David N. Lebowitz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI Phil M. Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Ted A. Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. My name is Candice. Vertex's Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Call is about to begin.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good evening everyone. This is Michael Partridge, head of Investor Relations for Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Welcome to our third quarter 2015 financial results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded and a replay will be available following the conclusion of tonight's call on our website. Joining me on tonight's call are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. David Altshuler, our Chief Scientific Officer. Doctor Jeff Chodakewtiz, Chief Medical Officer, will also be available for Q&A. Our agenda tonight is as follows. Jeff will review the progress with our cystic fibrosis medicines. Stuart will review the third-quarter sales performance of our marketed products. Ian will review the third quarter 2015 financial results and update our 2015 guidance. And to close, David will discuss our research strategy and our early development pipeline. You can access the webcast slides by going to the event section of the investor relations page on our website. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of our drug candidates, those about Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our third quarter 2015 financial results press release. I would also refer you to slide four of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael. Good evening everyone. Three years ago we outlined a clear strategy designed to establish a foundation for sustainable business growth. This evening I'm pleased to report that we continue to make excellent progress toward achieving our long-term vision for 2016 and beyond, significant revenues and revenue growth from multiple high-value medicines, high operating margins and a pipeline of additional transformational medicines. Our goal in CF is to reach the vast majority of people with this serious disease and to continue to enhance the benefit for the patients who we treat, and we continue to build on a track record of innovations discovered, develop and deliver transformative medicines to more people with CF. Let me summarize our recent commercial success and development progress in CF. In July ORKAMBI became the first FDA-approved medicine to treat the underlying cause of CF for the approximately 8,500 people in the US 12 years and older with two copies of the F508del mutation, and as of September 30, 2015, we already were treating more than 3,000 of these patients. Our sNDA has been accepted by the FDA for the expanded use of KALYDECO in people aged two and older with one of 23 residual function mutations that result in CF. This may accelerate access to KALYDECO for more than 1,500 patients in the US. The European Union CHMP recently issued three positive opinions for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, all with the potential to significantly expand the number of eligible patients for our CF medicines. In fact, at this time last year, we were approved to treat approximately 2,600 people with CF worldwide, whereas today there are more than 25,000 patients approved or under regulatory submission for our medicines. We are currently conducting two Phase 3 clinical studies of ORKAMBI in children ages 6 to 11 years old and plan to submit an sNDA to the FDA in the first half of 2016. There are approximately 5,500 children with CF in the US and Europe with two copies of the F508del mutation. Following closely behind ORKAMBI, we have the VX-661 plus ivacaftor pivotal Phase 3 development program underway, which is expected to enroll more than 1,000 people with CF across four studies. We expect to complete enrollment in mid 2016. At the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference we announced that we are advancing two next generation correctors, VX-152 and VX-440, into the clinic, and we expect to dose the first healthy volunteer with VX-440 this week. We believe these new correctors hold tremendous promise as part of a triple combination regimen for the 80% to 90% of CF patients with at least one F508del allele, thereby possibly allowing us to treat patients we are not yet treating and also to enhance the benefit for those we already treat. The strength of the ORKAMBI launch to date and the continued expansion in the number of people eligible for KALYDECO are further evidence that we continue to execute against our key goal to become a company that can reinvest to create future medicines and deliver returns to shareholders. As I noted at the NACF conference we also continued to advance early stage development programs outside of CF for the treatment of cancer, pain and other diseases, which represents an important diversification of our development portfolio. Dr. David Altshuler, our Chief Scientific Officer, will discuss our research strategy and some of our emerging compounds later on this call. As you know, David was one of the four founding members of the Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT where he served as Deputy Director and Chief Economic Officer. David is an experienced physician and human geneticist and we tapped him to lead our research organization earlier this year so that we can bring his experience to bear as we continue to deliver transformational medicines to more people. Before I turn the call over to Stuart, I wanted to mention how delighted we are to have entered into a research collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics to discover and develop potential new treatments aimed at the underlying genetic causes of human disease. Gene editing represents a new and powerful technology platform that could represent a future paradigm shift in the treatment of CF as well as other genetic diseases, and we're excited to be working with CRISPR, a company at the forefront of using gene editing to create new treatments. With that, I'll hand it over to Stuart to discuss Vertex's third quarter sales performance.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Thanks, Jeff, and hello everyone. Tonight I will review KALYDECO performance in the third quarter and our progress in making ORKAMBI available to eligible patients in the US. Global sales of KALYDECO this quarter were $166 million, comprised of US sales of approximately $95 million and ex-US sales of approximately $71 million. This represents a 31% increase over the $127 million we recorded in the same quarter last year. The growth of KALYDECO is a result of continued geographic and label expansion. We have seen strong uptake in patients with the R117H mutation following approval in the US in late 2014, and in children ages 2 to 5 with eligible mutations following US approval at the end of March 2015. Internationally, there has also been rapid uptake of KALYDECO, by eligible patients in Australia and in patients with non-G551D gating mutations in several European countries where these mutations are prevalent. We've made significant progress in securing reimbursement in Europe this year. As a result, the vast majority of eligible gating patients in Europe now have access to KALYDECO. We expect that growth in the number of patients receiving KALYDECO globally in the fourth quarter of 2015 and into 2016 will be tempered by enrollment in the VX-661 pivotal program, as previously described. Now turning to ORKAMBI. Since the FDA approval of ORKAMBI on July 2, we have been focused on educating healthcare providers on the medicine and working with payers to secure reimbursement for the approximately 8,500 eligible patients in the US. Sales for the third quarter totaled $131 million. More than 3,000 patients have started treatment in the US, underscoring the important advance this medicine represents in the treatment of CF and the strong interest from both patients and their doctors. Our field teams around the country have visited all of the 275 CF centers in the US since approval, and virtually every center has initiated patients in ORKAMBI. As we anticipated, interest in the medicine is very high, which has put a significant administrative burden on centers as they work to initiate patients on treatment. As expected, we are seeing broad coverage of and access to ORKAMBI, which reflects payer understanding and appreciation of the seriousness of the disease and the significant value of a medicine that treats the underlying cause of CF. The majority of commercial and government payers with eligible patients are reimbursing for ORKAMBI. In those plans with published policies and/or defined prior authorization criteria, almost all are reimbursing to label. There are a small number of plans not yet allowing access to ORKAMBI and we anticipate they will complete their formal ORKAMBI reviews and define their final policies in the coming months. Our patient support team has been working diligently to help patients navigate the reimbursement process and is working to reduce the time it takes for patients to get their prescriptions filled. For any chronic medication, compliance and adherence are important facets of patient care, so they will be increasing their focus to ensure that patients are able to take ORKAMBI as prescribed and so benefit from the medicine. Outside of the US, we continue to expect approval in the EU in the fourth quarter of this year. Our EU commercial infrastructure is largely in place and upon approval, we will then begin pricing and reimbursement discussions on a country by country basis to secure reimbursement for eligible patients who may benefit from ORKAMBI. With KALYDECO, the completion of reimbursement discussion took nine to 20 months following approval. In summary, geographic and label expansion continue to drive significant growth in the number of patients we treat with KALYDECO, and with the launch of ORKAMBI, we are significantly expanding the number of eligible CF patients we treat. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening everyone. Firstly to the financials. Our CF revenues were $297 million this quarter as we significantly increased the number of eligible people we treat with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. KALYDECO sales of $166 million were up 31% versus the third quarter last year and up 7% versus the second quarter of 2015. Now ORKAMBI. The launch in the US is off to a strong start. We recorded $131 million in net revenues. Inventory levels are normal with one to two weeks in the channel. Gross to net adjustments were in the high single digits due to a more rapid uptake for patients within commercial plans as compared to government pay plans. We continue to expect Medicaid mix to be 35% to 40% in the longer term, which will increase gross to net adjustments into the mid teens by late 2016. We expect continued revenue growth into 2016 as we approach peak penetration in the US market in the second half of 2016 As for Europe and other ex-US countries, we expect to recognize the first ORKAMBI revenues in Europe in the first half of 2016. These revenues will be mainly generated in Germany given that pricing and reimbursement approvals in other countries will take some time to finalize. We do expect French regulatory authority to grant an ATU, or temporary authorization for use, for ORKAMBI in 2015 but we will not recognize revenues from these sales until we receive formal reimbursement approval in France. Our third quarter non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses were $278 million, an increase of $66 million compared to last year. This increase is mainly attributable to an increase in sales and marketing expenses supporting the launch of ORKAMBI and research and development cost to support the advancement of our CF medicines. The scale of our R&D organization and SG&A infrastructure is appropriate for our business. We expect modest increases in operating expense in 2016 and these will be driven by the progression of our CF medicines in development and geographic expansion to support the international launch of ORKAMBI, but we are rapidly moving toward steady state. While we expect to invest significantly in R&D we are committed to managing our operating expenses to ensure significant operating margins moving forward. Our non-GAAP net loss has narrowed to $32 million compared to prior year non-GAAP net loss of $86 million, and this is primarily driven by the significant increase in CF product revenues. From a balance sheet perspective, we've maintained a strong position with approximately $1 billion of cash at the end of the quarter. Now let's turn to the 2015 financial guidance, specifically KALYDECO revenues and the combined R&D and SG&A expenses. At the time of our second quarter 2015 earnings call in July, we anticipated 2015 KALYDECO net revenues to be between $575 million and $590 million, and we are now increasing KALYDECO net revenue guidance to be between $605 million and $620 million for the full year of 2015. For the non-GAAP operating expenses, we now expect our combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense for the full year to be in the middle of the range we provided in January of this year of $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion. In summary, we are in a strong financial position today and focused on delivering financial profile that includes sustainable revenue and earnings growth while continuing to invest to create more medicines and support access to those medicines already approved. Now over to David.
David Matthew Altshuler - Executive Vice President, Global Research and Chief Scientific Officer: Thanks, Ian. It's great to be here. Good evening everyone. At Vertex, our strategy is to invest in science to create transformative medicines for serious diseases in specialty markets. This is an enormous challenge because doing anything for the first time involves considerable risk, but it's also a great opportunity, because we live in a time of accelerating breakthroughs in science that can be applied to solve important problems that were previously thought to be intractable. There are three main points I would like to make about Vertex research, and I'll make comments on each of them. First, CF represents Vertex's most significant success to date and is where we expect our research and early development will continue to have the biggest impact in the near term. Second, cystic fibrosis provides a good template to understand the kind of diseases we expect to pursue in the future. And third, lessons from our work in CF are guiding our early clinical programs in other areas. I'll reference five different candidate medicines in pain and oncology that were discovered by Vertex scientists and that are progressing in early development. As you know, in CF we're advancing two next generation correctors, VX-152 and VX-440, out of our labs and into first in human studies. In vitro data show that in combination with VX-661 and ivacaftor, these compounds resulted in chloride transport that was approximately three fold greater than the use of lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination in these cells. These data gives us optimism in that hopefully one day we will be able to address the vast majority of CF patients with a triple combination therapy and also to continue to enhance the benefit for those we are already treating. Our research strategy with CF is not limited to our internal programs. We are also looking externally to bring in compounds that complement our CFTR modulators. And this is enabled by our CF research expertise. Our CF research platform allows us to robustly characterize the activity of external compounds and their potential to work in combination with our existing regimens. This approach formed the basis for the collaboration we signed with Parion for ENaC inhibitors. And we showed at NACF the ability of Parion's ENaC inhibitor to enhance the effects of ORKAMBI in vitro. We are looking far into the future of CF treatment to understand what impact new treatment modalities could have. This week, we announced a collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics to use the CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing platform to create new medicines. CRISPR-Cas9 is an important scientific and technical breakthrough that holds significant promise for the future discovery of potentially transformative treatments. And this collaboration will evaluate the use of CRISPR-Cas9 across multiple diseases where targets have been validated through human genetics. We are excited to begin our initial gene editing research on discovering treatments to address the mutations and genes known to cause and contribute to CF and sickle cell disease. Thinking about CF more conceptually, the combination of what we learned through our CF research and the increasing flow of information from human genetics forms a template for our future discovery of precision medicines. First, our CF research program was directed at a target that was validated as an underlying cause based on human genetics. Second, by understanding the natural history of disease and using proprietary in vitro assays, we had a highly focused goal for CFTR modulation. Third, we had early markers of clinical effect that were highly predictive of late stage success. And finally, these features have led to repeated success from the lab to the clinic. There are many lessons here that we can apply so that we can invest wisely and increase our chances of success in the future. Our investments are being evaluated based on insights from human biology, the therapeutic approach and clinical development path criteria that we learned from our work in CF and can now apply to other diseases. In the area of pain, we have two compounds in early development, VX-150 and VX-241 target sodium channels with strong rationale for the treatment of pain based on human genetics and well documented roles in pain sensation. Specifically, the basis of our program is a key insight from human biology, the gain or loss of function mutations in key sodium channels can increase or decrease pain sensation. In cancer we have three compounds in early development, VX-970, VX-803 and VX-984, that target key cellular pathways responsible for DNA repair, a fundamental mechanism underlying the development and growth of cancer. In fact, DNA repair was recognized in 2015 with the Nobel Prize in chemistry citing three academic scientists for their pioneering efforts to map at a molecular level how cells repair damaged DNA. The Nobel Committee specifically cited the implication of this work for the development of new cancer treatments. In healthy cells, properly functioning DNA repair mechanisms protect against the development of problematic mutations. In cancer however, these systems of DNA repair are known to go awry, allowing cancer cells to both accumulate mutations and increase their ability to survive and proliferate. The new Vertex cancer medicines now in early development target two key nodes in the DNA repair system, kinases known at ATR and DNA-PK. Modulating activity of these two kinases is predicted to be critical to continued cancer cell survival in the face of DNA damage. In addition, we believe that these new compounds can be targeted to patients based upon a knowledge of the genomic alterations or characteristics in each patient's cancer, allowing a precision medicine approach to help increase benefit by targeting those patients more likely to respond. With the most advanced compound, VX-970, we and a national cancer institute are now conducting a number of early studies in tumor types that are predicted to be responsive to an ATR inhibitor. The first Phase 1 clinical data for VX-970 will be presented at the triple meeting in Boston in November. In closing, we are pleased with the significant progress we are making in developing additional CF medicines, especially for the tens of thousands of patients living with CF who do not have a medicine that targets the underlying cause of their disease. We look forward to telling you more about our research strategy and our emerging clinical programs as they progress. And with that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Michael Yee of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Congrats on a great quarter. Two topics I wanted to get some more color on. The first, just on the launch. Can you speak to more specifically how much inventory stock in that was? I think you said one to two weeks, or is that like $15 million to $20 million or so? Maybe help us there. And you said that centers were burdened. I just want to understand that comment a little bit and whether you thought there's any seasonality or things like that as we should be thinking about Q4. So talk a little bit about those things. And then my second question as a follow-up is on Europe. I know you just got a recommendation for approval, but broadly speaking, should we be thinking about price deltas in US and Europe somewhat similar to what we see for KALYDECO here? How should we think about any deltas there? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Okay, Michael, thanks for the questions. On inventory, yes, your assessment is right. It's right in that $15 million to $20 million range, was the initial inventory build for ORKAMBI. The rest is really driven by organic patient demand. In terms of our comments about the burden on CF centers, this is really just reflecting what we heard from centers actually prior to the launch. And we are seeing it play out during the launch. This is just a larger volume of patients than they had to try and get initiated on KALYDECO when we launched it. And so that administrative burden of helping patients through the payer reimbursement process is a very burdensome one for centers. And they certainly are relaying that to us. However, as we said in our prepared remarks, through the end of September, we have seen over 3,000 patients initiating on therapy. So the centers are really working through that process. And I don't think we really are seeing it as a seasonal impact. It really is just a function of working through a new launch with payers. In terms of the EU -
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Would you see seasonality in the fourth quarter? There's a lot of things going on in the fourth quarter. Do you expect any impact there?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: I don't think so. Not in terms of patient visits and things like that. I wouldn't imagine though what we're going to see is a linear trend in terms of the launch. Launches just don't develop in that way. I think it's going to be a more asymptotic launch curve that you would normally see. But in terms of seasonality, I don't expect that to be much of a factor. In terms of in Europe, our approach to pricing is going to be very similar to that which it was here, perhaps with once exception. We're certainly going to be taking the same sort of things into account, the seriousness of the disease, the clinical value we've demonstrated through treating the underlying cause of the disease, the investments we've made and continue to want to make in R&D to discover and develop future transformative medicines for CF patients and in other diseases. But we're also going to have to be sensitive to the economic environment in Europe, including the potential budget impact that ORKAMBI could have in what in almost all cases are single payer markets. And so to finish on that and just to reiterate what Ian said in our prepared remarks, we do expect to recognize revenues for ORKAMBI in the EU in 2016, but these revenues are going to be primarily from Germany with minimal if any contribution from other countries.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Afternoon, guys. Congrats on the ORKAMBI launch and thanks for the question. A couple for Stuart and some for David. For Stuart, just on ORKAMBI, wonder if you  and I know it's early, but can you speak to the wait time to get a script approved? Does it differ among the different payers? And then, again it's early, but when you look at the feedback from the launch in the initial month or two in terms of the profile, is there any differences that you see commercially versus the TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT Phase 3s? And I have some clinical follow-ups.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Sure, Geoff. In terms of wait time, the average time from a prescription being written to a patient actually initiating treatment or getting a pack through specialty pharmacies is about a month right now. Obviously it's very early, and so that number moves around a lot as patients move through the process, but right now it's approximately a month. In terms of the profile, I guess I'd say the only difference is that obviously TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT had FEV1 criteria, inclusion/exclusion criteria, so the 40% to 90%. And certainly we're aware that there are patients who've been initiated with FEV1s below 40% and patients who've been initiated with FEV1s above 90% because the vast majority of payers are reimbursing to label and the label doesn't include any FEV1 restrictions. So that's really the major difference that I would suggest between what we're seeing in clinical practice and what we saw in TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then for David on the two next gen correctors, and congrats on getting those, advancing those, do they change the half-life of CFTR, a mature CFTR that's delta F? I know that was a little bit of a hot topic last year at NACF when you look at what VX-809 did to that. And then not on the slide, but I was curious if you had looked directionally, how the second-gen correctors also synergize with ORKAMBI versus the 661/KALYDECO combination?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden, maybe I'll take those. So in the first question, at least so far we're seeing that when you add all three drugs together, you don't get the effect on correcting CFTR half-life that we've seen with the two drugs, at least with 152 and 440. And your second question was around ORKAMBI. I think we've shown the data with 661, we've shown the data compared to ORKAMBI, and it's really quite similar. We see about that threefold increase.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I got you. Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Samir Siddhanti - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, this Samir on for Terence. Can you provide any commentary regarding the prescribing turns specifically in October? Thanks very much.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Samir, yeah I mean we're not going to really provide details on a month by month basis. Over the course of the quarter, as we said, we saw just over 3,000 patients initiated. Obviously that's been a fairly steep ramp and I wouldn't anticipate that the launch trajectory is going to be linear. That's just not the way that product launches go.
Samir Siddhanti - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Roden of UBS. Your line is now open.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Congrats on a great launch. I just want to make sure we're crystal clear on the inventory part. With the levels of inventory that you have, it sounds to me like we should not expect that in the fourth quarter that there's any slack to come out of that system. Just want to verify that that's what you're telling us. And then I guess related on the next quarter's trends, I guess it seems like you're approaching already almost 50% penetration in a partial quarter of sales. Is there any reason that the homozygous F508del population won't be practically fully penetrated by next quarter?
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, Matt, I'll take the first question on the inventory levels. So I did mention on my prepared remarks that we are at normal inventory levels, which are between one and two weeks. We'd anticipate that being similar at the year end as well. The amount that was actually in the channel relating to one to two weeks at this stage of the launch was approximately $17 million, so that $15 million to $20 million that was mentioned before. I think the key to take away is this is a normal level of inventory as we move quarter to quarter or through the year end.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: And then on the actual number of eligible patients who are on it, it's actually more like 35% rather than the 50%, Matt. 3,000 patients out of the approximately 8,500 eligible patients here in the US. And so as we said, we wouldn't expect it to continue in a linear way. That's just not the way product launches go. There's obviously a lot of initial pent up demand and patients and physicians excited about the launch. We still expect that we are going to get to the vast majority of patients over the course of 2016. But we wouldn't expect the launch trajectory to continue in a linear fashion.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. I really appreciate the comments. I guess, Ian, if I could just sneak in a quick capital allocation question. I'm sure you'll be getting a lot of these as your cash flows ramp up. And I don't really mean this from a margin or profitability perspective. I'm just saying that if we do assume some robust margins in the business, can you talk about your priorities for the use of cash? Maybe even rank order in terms of importance, allowing the balances to rise or getting involved in M&A in-licensing or share repurchase activity? Just wanted to get a sense of your broad thinking as you approach the swing to cash flow positivity.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Thanks for the question, Matt. And just to comment, it's a great question because as we turn profitable, which we do anticipate in the fourth quarter, we're now cash accumulation. And over the years, we've been cash preservation while we reinvest in the business. So we are a different company as we head into the fourth quarter. As we think about the allocation of cash, I start with the receipt of cash is actually the revenue. And just to be basic about this, but the receipt of cash is the revenue. As we think about reinvestment on allocation of that capital, it does go towards R&D for our business, the internal R&D. But as we develop our business, we also consider the external investment in R&D. And I think you saw that with the example this week of us signing a collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics that we're very excited about. You've also seen it earlier this year where there's been licensing products that complement our approach in CF. So we're already starting to allocate that revenue capital toward internal R&D and also acquire products or expand our scientific footprint. And you should anticipate that to continue. As far as thinking about other allocation of capital rather than just accumulate on the balance sheet, we do think about our capital structure and the shares outstanding. And we need to continue to think about that going forward, but it becomes a prioritization, and first it is about investment in medicines for the future which provides growth. However, if the capital becomes available that we would consider addressing our capital structure, we'd also make that choice as well.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Really helpful. Thanks, Ian.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Brittany R. Terner - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. This is Brittany on for Cory. Thanks for taking the questions. Is there anything you're seeing in the early launch of ORKAMBI in the US that changes your expectations for Europe? And then on the CRISPR collaboration, are there any early signs you're seeing in the applicability of gene therapy to CF? And then also just what advantages did you see with CRISPR versus other gene editing technologies? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: In short, Brittany, the answer to your first part of the question is no, not really. I mean we're seeing what we anticipated we'd see with the launch here in the US, which is a lot of enthusiasm from physicians and patients for the first drug that treats the underlying cause of their disease. And I expect there'll be a similar level of enthusiasm from physicians and payers in the EU. So there's really nothing we're seeing here which is changing my view about how I think the launch is going to progress in the EU.
David Matthew Altshuler - Executive Vice President, Global Research and Chief Scientific Officer: And with regard to CRISPR, we believe that CRISPR-Cas9 is a powerful technology that holds really great promise for discovering transformative medicines for genetic diseases including CF. And we're very excited to work with CRISPR Therapeutics as a leader in that field, and it's a good fit for Vertex.
Brittany R. Terner - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ying Huang of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Catherine Y. Hu - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. It's actually Catherine for Ying. A couple questions from us. On the payer mix, of the over 3,000 patients that started in 3Q, what percentage were Medicaid patients? And then can you speak to your expectations for compliance of the ORKAMBI patients versus those on KALYDECO? And then just lastly for the triple combination, just wanted to clarify, are you planning to move both combinations forward, or will you pick one? Thank you.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So Catherine, a few questions there. Maybe I'll take the first one in terms of the revenue split and Stuart will take the second, and Jeff Chodakewtiz can clean up for us. So first for the split between, let's call it the government channel and the private payer channel, it was about close to 20% in the government channel. That translated to a gross to net adjustment of our gross price of just below 10%. I did make some comments earlier that as this launch proceeds, we do anticipate that the government channel does rise up to somewhere closer to 35%. And when we're at that steady state of 35% government and 65% private, then we would anticipate something in the mid teens as a gross to net adjustment. Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: And then Catherine in terms of compliance, obviously early days so far in the launch. But in terms of what we would anticipate, overall my anticipation is that our compliance with the therapy will be high, and that's because I think physicians will do a great job explaining to patients, and patients I think on the whole understand that this is a medicine that's treating the underlying cause of their disease. So I think overall the compliance rate is going to be high. I think KALYDECO compliance would be the upper end of my expectations, if I'm perfectly honest. It's the highest compliance rate I've ever seen for any chronic medication. We'll certainly be doing everything we can to appropriately support patients to maintain a high level of compliance with ORKAMBI as well, but I think KALYDECO would be at the upper end of my expectations.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President: And in terms of next gen, as you know we're going to move both of those molecules into man. We're going to learn about these compounds as they go through the Phase I studies. But assuming the data supports it, we would plan to move both compounds into evaluation in patients.
Catherine Y. Hu - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much and congrats on the quarter.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David N. Lebowitz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hello. This is David Lebowitz in for Matt. You mentioned earlier in the answer to another question that it was taking about one month to get reimbursement for patients. And I was just curious, going forward as patients start to look to obtain refills, is there any expectation for how payers might address refills? Will there be some point where they want to reevaluate?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yes, so it's very common for payers to have reauthorization criteria. It will, they differ from payer to payer, both in terms of the time to when they want to reassess a patient and look to reauthorize. And then also they differ in terms of the criteria. Of the reauthorization criteria that we've seen to date, which is a relatively limited number, but of the ones that we've seen to date, the vast majority have got criteria which are effectively reflective of reimbursing to the label or if the physicians thinks that the patient has seen clinical benefit across a number of different dimensions, reflecting the fact that CF is a complicated, multi system disease.
David N. Lebowitz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, thanks for answering that. And just to jump over to a different topic, there's been some data released recently from competitors on their triple combo and I know you recently at NACS presented some data, some preclinical data on yours and I was just curious if you could juxtapose yours versus theirs and make any overall comments and comparisons?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: So, David, we'd prefer to keep our comments to our own compounds. So we are very excited about them. We've provided you the HBE data. I would say that we like our position in terms of we already have two marketed medicines. We've got another corrector that is in Phase 3 development that we'd characterize very well given its stage of development. And then with our two next generation correctors coming into the clinic, it provides us the opportunity to move quickly given that we already understand the medicines that we would combine our next gens with. I'd also point out that we did take our time in choosing the right next generation correctors and the two of them to come into the clinic. And not only were they picked for their performance in preclinical assays with for efficacy and safety but also their pharmaceutical properties. So we believe that we're in a very good position to move those into the clinic very shortly into their healthy studies and then next year to move them into triple combination studies and see some results in patients. So we're looking forward to that.
David N. Lebowitz - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you for answering my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions and congrats on the strong ORKAMBI launch. So obviously you have very rapid penetration. It sound like a lot of enthusiasm for ORKAMBI. I was wondering if you could tell us if there's any sort of commonalities amongst patients who are not yet on treatment, if it's mostly administrative or reimbursement timelines or if there's any particular reasons why physicians or patients may not be choosing the drug other than patients just not having gone to their physician's office yet. And then on VX-970, I'm interested in sort of the opportunity there. If you could tell us a little more about the biomarkers you might use for patient selection going forward, perhaps the proportion of common solid tumors that, of patient with common solid tumors that have complete ATM loss which I think was the characteristic you saw and the complete response that was observed. Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. Brian, I'll take the first question on those patients not on treatment. I mean obviously we're delighted that we're off to a promising start with over 3,000 patients initiated, but obviously that means that there's somewhere near 5,000 or so who are not yet initiating. That's just such a large number of patients. It's hard to say there's one reason or two reasons why they haven't started on treatment yet. They really represent all types of eligible patients with the F508del mutation. And I just want to reiterate, we do still anticipate that the vast majority of those patients will eventually be initiated on ORKAMBI over the course of the rest of this year and into 2016. So there's not really one or two things that are holding those patients back from initiating therapy.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President: And hi, it's Jeff Chok (42:34). Maybe just a couple comments on your 970 question. You focused on ATM, but I would step back just a little bit, because I think in my mind, that ATM deficiency is one of mutations that actually link to disorders of DNA repair in patients who have cancer. And so, ATM is one. Another one that we're using it as we go into our trials is mutations and deficiencies in p53, actually a more common one. And the frequency of that varies widely across tumors, so I can't give you a single number. But it certainly is observed in multiple types of cancer. And we think that does serve as an important foothold in our understanding of the science, to tell us where to go clinically.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI: Hi, this is Odysseas actually sitting in for Mark. A lot of the questions are already asked, so I kind of wanted to take a step back, and ask maybe just more big picture questions. Congratulations on what's a great quarter. But just sort of trying to think about competition, and perhaps specifically Galapagos. And thinking about the development risk, I guess, just trying to think about how Vertex might see that, whether it's each of the drug at issue, or just (44:15) the ability to combine those drugs. Anyway, any thoughts on that? And then I had a question on, you mentioned reauthorization criteria. And you mentioned clinical criteria, and I guess I just wondered if you could comment on how high you see the bar for those clinical criteria, just because it seems early to be asking those kinds of questions. And then, just based on the pipeline, and the number of products that are being moved forward, just maybe speaking to margins a little bit. So I know you've made comments before about expenses, but now just seems like a good time to ask again.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah maybe, this is Jeff Leiden, I'll start with the first one and I guess Stuart can take the second and Ian will take the third. With respect to Galapagos, just as Stuart emphasized, Ian said, we really don't comment on any of the competitor compounds or programs. I would just reiterate what Ian said about our program, which is we like our position really for three reasons. Number one, we have two drugs in the combination, 661 and KALYDECO, that are either approved or very well characterized. So when you put a three drug combination together, we feel that's a nice position to be in. Number two, we spent a lot of time optimizing the pharmaceutic properties of both next gen correctors and that's important as you put a three drug combination together. And number three, we showed you the chloride data from the HBE cells with that three drug combination, which we're getting at levels which are at or north of what KALYDECO does in G551D and so far those assays have predicted quite well what we see in the clinic. So we're excited to see the first Phase 2 results. We'll start those studies next year.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: And on re-authorization criteria, just to reiterate what I said. So far we've seen a limited number of plans which have published their reauthorization criteria. So we're really just talking about a small N at this stage. Our knowledge of those will increase obviously as plans publish those criteria or make those criteria known. Of the ones that we've seen so far, they aren't really setting a really very high clinical bar to use your terminology. Most of them are essentially just ensuring that the patients continue to be within our label or show improvement across a number of clinical parameters in the opinion of the treating physician. So, but as I say, that's on a limited basis right now because it is early for plans to be publishing reauthorization criteria.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Odysseas, just to round out your questions, I'll just state again we're committed to driving this business forward and having high operating margins. We get to that position by revenue growth and controlling our operating expenses. We have a business and we're in an area where we can do that. And so for us, it's execution on the launch both in the US and then in Europe, continue to reinvest for growth of the future yet still having significant operating margins.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Phil M. Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the progress. First one on European reimbursement. In the prepared remarks you noted that KALYDECO took I think between 9 and 20 months to get country by country reimbursement. I'm curious whether you think that could go faster this time around given that you've gone back to the same payers, in some cases probably several times, with the different KALYDECO label expansions.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah. Phil, thanks for the question. I won't really know until our team over in Europe begins those reimbursement discussions with the relevant authorities, and that's why I said it's really, really difficult to predict. They all have different processes. A number of them, those processes are changing. They're not even the same process that we went through with KALYDECO. So I really can't predict with any sense of confidence or accuracy whether we're going to go faster or slower with ORKAMBI. We won't really know until we begin that process after we receive regulatory approval, which we continue to anticipate will happen later this quarter.
Phil M. Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then second question also on your prepared remarks. You mentioned that the reimbursement assistance team is beginning to shift to impact persistence and contact the patients. Can you talk a little bit more about that? What exactly is involved in impacting persistence and what type of message do you find most effective?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah, thanks for the question. So obviously they do a number of things. One is to help patients who are initiating on treatment navigate the reimbursement process. And they'll obviously need to continue to do that because whilst there are over 3,000 patients initiated, there's still a lot more patients that physicians are going to want to initiate on ORKAMBI. But for those who are now started on therapy then we have a number of programs. And essentially it's really helping educate patients on the mode of action of ORKAMBI, how it treats the underlying cause of their disease, and providing them to the extent they want to receive educational materials and refill reminders and things of that nature. And so we tailor that to the individual patients as they desire.
Phil M. Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tony Butler of Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks very much. Stuart, I recognize the commentary around the approval in the EU toward the end of the quarter, but if I make assumptions that as you alluded to earlier Germany's the first country to be purchasing, can you comment on the number of F508del patients in Germany? And then my second question's more scientifically oriented. Beyond the correctors of 440 and 152, I had the impression that you may put additional correctors in, second-gen correctors into the clinic. Is that still true or did I misinterpret that? Thanks very much.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah in Germany, Tony, there's about 2,500 patients who are 12 and over who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. And so assuming that our approval comes through at the end of this quarter, and that that's our labeled indication, that will be the eligible patient population in Germany.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And this is Jeff. I'll take the second one which was about the additional correctors, and maybe I'll broaden it out just a little bit if you don't mind. Our goal is to create the best portfolio of medicines for each one of these patient populations, and so certainly a big part of that is going to be next gen correctors. And as I've said several times before, we have multiple, we have discovered multiple next gen correctors. These are the first two, but there are others behind them. And assuming they pan out as they go through lead-up and tox, yes, our intent would be to put additional correctors in, particularly if they have different and interesting properties so that we can study them. But beyond that, I'd also remind you of things like the ENaC inhibitors, like gene editing. We're really looking at a variety of modalities, and so over the next few years, you can expect to see us bring multiple compounds and frankly, multiple modalities into the clinic to try to create the best combinations.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi, and congratulations from me, as well. You mentioned that there were a couple of plans that are not yet covering ORKAMBI. Can you maybe give us a sense of what percentage of lives that matter to you that represents?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah, Liisa. It's a small number of plans. It's in the single digits in terms of the number of lives that they are responsible for. And essentially, they are not reimbursing yet, and we know they're continuing to work through the process of evaluating the product, and we're sure they'll come to a formal conclusion over the next few months. But it's at the minute, it is single digits in terms of the number of lives covered by those plans.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Thanks. That's helpful. And then just on CMS, can you walk us through the timing there and getting coverage for the Medicare/Medicaid population? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Well in terms of payer mix, we already have had patients both in Medicare and Medicaid who have got access and have been reimbursed for ORKAMBI. The vast majority of in fact state Medicaids have already reimbursed patients. And so we already have effectively reimbursement in a number of states and through Medicare as well.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. So there's not really any gating factor there then?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: I mean, there are some Medicaid plans who are still considering the product and have decided that they are not going to cover ORKAMBI until they've come to a formal decision. So it really is on a state by state basis on Medicaid. There really isn't one answer, one decision; it really happens on a state by state basis.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then just one question about the oncology portfolio. Can you maybe at all describe some of the data? I see in triple negative breast cancer patients and non-small cell lung you're going to kind of enhance maybe some of those populations and it seems like maybe you have some data there. Could you comment at all on that? And that's my final question, thank you.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, hi, it's Jeff Chodakewtiz. I think it actually goes back to the question that was asked by someone else earlier about how are we selecting the right subset of patients. And that those factors are present actually in patients with multiple kinds of tumors. What we've done in those two small sets of patients is actually to hone in on patients who we expect or will require to have some of those kinds of mutations that we spoke about, those deficiencies in DNA repair. And then by doing that, we think we are being able to get a very focused, relatively rapid answer to the question about how the drug will work. So that's what that represents that you're seeing in our study descriptions.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Katherine Xu of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening. I just have a few questions on the CRISPR program. How far is it from the clinic? From a scientific perspective, are there difficulties in levels of research between sorting these in pairs versus correcting the base pairs? And also why did you choose CRISPR Therapeutics? There are a few other companies with similar technologies. And if you could comment on the IP side, that would be great as well.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So Katherine, David will take the first two questions and then I'll answer the third question once David's through it on the process we went through.
David Matthew Altshuler - Executive Vice President, Global Research and Chief Scientific Officer: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I would say that it's still early days in this and so we really can't comment or predict exactly how long it will take. And in terms of things like the different methods of using CRISPR to modify the DNA, again that will all be subject to research we're doing. And look forward to updating you when we have progress to report.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And to the process, on previous calls we've been asked about our business and corporate development strategy. We've always had three main approaches. One was to complement what we're doing in cystic fibrosis. Two was to be opportunistic in licensing and M&A. And then a third area was always to broaden our scientific platform and that's what we're doing here. We've been very good in small molecules for a long time at Vertex and with David's help on coming on board about a year ago, we were able to consider other technologies and how we may expand our scientific footprint, and this was an area that rose to the top as a priority for us. And so we then went through the process as you usually do as there are a number of companies that have access to this technology. We did our usual diligence process and based on the structure of the arrangement, the collaboration between people and the opportunity of fit with what we want to do at Vertex, our choice was with CRISPR Therapeutics and we're very happy to be a partner of theirs as we move forward.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: So operator?
Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: On the IP part?
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: So operator? Beg pardon.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we don't comment on IP, Katherine. Thank you.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Well operator, it's now 6 o'clock. We will take two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Ted Tenthoff of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Ted A. Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thank you very much and my congrats on a really nice launch with ORKAMBI. Question, just with respect to differentiation between triple therapy with the second-gen corrector and also the ENaC inhibitor, how ultimately do you see sort of patient selection there? Obviously it's going to be data driven, but is there something where maybe the ENaC inhibitors would be used in different patients? What's your general thinking along those lines?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks for the question and you're absolutely right. It will obviously in the end be driven by the data which is why we're going to explore these in Phase 2. But if you think about it sort of at a high level strategic, from a high level strategic standpoint, second generation correctors in a triple combination would be expected to address anybody who has a single or double delta 508 allele. so that's about 80% to 90% of all patients. ENaC inhibitors, again theoretically and we're going to have to demonstrate through the clinic, should be useful for anybody with any mutation and the fact as you know, Parion is running an initial Phase 2 trial that's an all-comer trial. We're going to run a Phase 2 trial with ENaC plus ORKAMBI. And based on the data there, we will be able to determine how to sort of craft these regimens for each patient subset. But that would be the theoretical expectations based on what we've seen in HBE cells. But does that make sense?
Ted A. Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah. Absolutely. I appreciate that color.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Brian Skorney of Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Nina (59:48) in for Brian. Thanks for taking the questions. So I just have a question on the ORKAMBI launch. Do you have a sense of what percentage of treatings have actually started patients on ORKAMBI? And have you seen any hurdles in terms of getting physicians to prescribe the product?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: I can't tell you exactly how many physicians have actually have a patient on ORKAMBI. What I do know is that just about every CF center in the United States has put a patient on ORKAMBI. So we are really seeing again what we anticipated, which is broad interest in using the medicine, both with physicians and with patients.
Unknown Speaker: Great, and one last question. So I know you said that there has been good feedback from payers in terms of getting ORKAMBI covered. Has there been any sort of push back at all? And if so, could you give us some color around that? And that's all.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yes. I mean I'd say the end product of our discussions has been good, and that's reflected in the fact that we have good access, the vast majority of which is to label. Obviously there's been a lot of discussion there, but a lot of it as I said been very productive because payers I do think understand how serious a disease this is, and how this is a disease that is  this is a product which is treating the underlying cause of the disease. And the fact that it's an orphan, if not ultra orphan indication, and so they have relatively few patients in each of their individual plans. So the discussions have been very productive and I think that's reflected in the good and broad access that we have.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: You're welcome.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: So we appreciate everyone joining us for the call tonight. The investor relations team will be in the office if you have additional questions. Thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Geoffrey Craig Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Phil M. Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good evening, everyone. This is Michael Partridge, Head of Investor Relations for Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Welcome to our Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the line for questions. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded and a replay will be available following the conclusion of tonight's call on our website. Earlier in July, we announced the approval of ORKAMBI and many of you joined for that call. Tonight, we will be focused on second quarter performance and our execution against our corporate strategy. Joining me on tonight's call are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Jeff Chodakewitz, our Chief Medical Officer is travelling and is not with us tonight. Our agenda tonight is as follows. Jeff will begin by discussing key priorities for our business. Stuart will review the second quarter performance of KALYDECO and make a few comments on the ORKAMBI launch. And to close, Ian will review the second quarter 2015 financial results and update our 2015 guidance. You can access the webcast slides by going to the Events section of the Investor Relations page on our website. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K, which has been (1:32) without limitation, those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of ORKAMBI, those about Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs, and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available on our second quarter 2015 financial results press release. I would also refer you to slide four of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. The approval of ORKAMBI on July 2 was an important milestone in our shared journey with the cystic fibrosis community. ORKAMBI is the first FDA approved medicine to treat the underlying cause of CF for the approximately 8,500 people in the U.S., 12 years and older, with two copies of the F508del mutation. This is a big step forward toward our long-term vision of helping more people with CF. We feel very fortunate to be part of the CF community and we appreciate all of the positive feedback we have received and continue to receive from patients, caregivers, healthcare providers and the broader CF community. At the beginning of this year, we outlined three strategic priorities that will allow Vertex to continue to deliver on our vision to make new transformative medicines available to patients globally. Let me briefly review our progress toward meeting those goals. First, through both geographic and label expansion, we have continued to grow the number of patients treated with KALYDECO, resulting in strong revenue growth. With the ORKAMBI approval and launch in the U.S., we have an even greater opportunity to treat more patients, resulting in additional revenue growth. Second, we know that there is still much more to do. We continue to make significant investment into multiple programs to create more CF medicines that may enable us to treat even more patients and to improve the benefit for the patients we treat. All four studies included in the VX-661 plus ivacaftor pivotal Phase 3 development program are initiated and we also remain on track to bring a next generation CFTR corrector into the clinic by the end of 2015. And third, we have expanded and diversified our pipeline through our collaboration with Parion to develop and commercialize investigational Epithelial Sodium Channel or ENaC inhibitors for CF and other pulmonary diseases. We also continue to advance early-stage development programs outside of CF, including clinical programs in oncology and research programs focused on other areas. We look forward to updating you on these programs later this year. The continued execution on our strategy has fundamentally changed the outlook for our business. Specifically moving forward, we expect to deliver a financial profile of growing revenues, earnings and cash flows, while also continuing to invest to create new medicines to treat more patients with CF and other serious diseases. With that, I'll hand it over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Jeff, and hello everyone. I'll review KALYDECO performance in the second quarter and also make a few comments regarding our progress in making ORKAMBI available to eligible patients in the U.S. Global sales of KALYDECO this quarter were $155 million comprised of U.S. sales of approximately $93 million and ex-U.S. sales of approximately $62 million. This represents a 37% increase compared to $113 million in the same quarter last year. The strong growth of KALYDECO is a result of both geographic and label expansion. We have seen good uptick in patients with the R117H mutation following approval in the U.S. in late 2014 and in children ages two-year-old to five-year-old with eligible mutations following U.S. approval at the end of March 2015. Internationally, there has also been rapid uptick of KALYDECO by eligible patients in Australia, following the reimbursement agreement reached in late 2014. Also during the second quarter, we achieved reimbursement approval for non-G551D gating mutations in several European countries, where these mutations are prevalent, including Italy, France, England and the Netherlands. As a result, today more than 85% of eligible gating patients in Europe now have access to KALYDECO. Further growth in patients receiving in KALYDECO will be tempered by enrollment in the VX-661 pivotal program as previously described. And this is reflected in our KALYDECO revenue guidance. Now, turning to ORKAMBI. Since the FDA approval of ORKAMBI on July 2, we have been working to get the medicine to the approximately 8,500 eligible patients as rapidly as possible. Our field teams around the country have been educating healthcare providers on the ORKAMBI prescribing information. Since approval, they have visited the vast majority of the 275 CF centers in the U.S. As we anticipated, interest in the medicine is very high. We believe that all eligible patients with CF should have access to ORKAMBI. Our public and private payer interactions to-date have been productive and our patient support team has begun to help patients navigate the reimbursement process. Thanks to these efforts and the commitment of healthcare providers at CF centers across the country, I'm happy to report that the first patients are already receiving ORKAMBI in the U.S. In summary, geographic and label expansion continue to drive significant growth in the number of patients we treat with KALYDECO. And with the launch of ORKAMBI, we are significantly expanding the number of eligible CF patients we treat. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening everyone. Tonight, I would like to discuss our second quarter 2015 financial results and then update our 2015 financial guidance. Firstly, to the financials. KALYDECO revenues were $155 million this quarter and were up 37% from the second quarter of 2014, and up 18% sequentially compared to our first quarter this year. We continue to nicely expand the number of eligible patients we treat with KALYDECO. Our second quarter non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses were $254 million, an increase of $17 million compared to last year, mainly due to an increase in SG&A expenses, supporting the launch of ORKAMBI. Our non-GAAP net loss was $131 million compared to prior year non-GAAP net loss of $142 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we've maintained a strong position with approximately $1 billion of cash at the end of the quarter. Let's now turn to the 2015 financial guidance and specifically KALYDECO revenues and combined R&D and SG&A expenses. Earlier this year, we anticipated 2015 KALYDECO revenues to be between $560 million and $580 million. And based on an increased uptake due to label and geographic expansions, as Stuart previously mentioned, we now expect KALYDECO net revenues to be between $575 million and $590 million for the full year 2015. For the non-GAAP operating expenses, we continue to expect the combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense to be between $1.05 billion and $1.1 billion for the full year. I'd just note that we expect our operating expenses to be higher in the second half of this year compared to the first half, mainly as a result of the anticipated progress with the VX-661 pivotal program and the investment to support the launch of ORKAMBI. I will close by stating that we are in a strong financial position today. We are growing our revenues and we expect to show additional growth from ORKAMBI. We'll continue to invest to create even more medicines and support access to those medicines already approved. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question is from Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, great. Thank you. Congrats on the progress. A question for Stuart and then a question for Ian. I guess, Stuart, appreciate the comments on the launch. Maybe if you could just comment more specifically on reimbursement and the process for reimbursement that you're seeing. Are payers quickly getting people on drug? Maybe walk us through that process, and how long it takes to get people on drug, what you're seeing out there? And then for Ian, I know you maintained the guidance for expenses, it's fantastic. I know people are thinking bigger picture as you transform into a very profitable company. Maybe you can comment about how R&D expenses  how you're thinking about that, given you now have an ENaC inhibitor, all these Phase 3s, how you're thinking about controlling some of that, or making sure you're going to be very profitable? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Mike. It's Stuart. Thanks for the question. So in terms of the process for reimbursement, essentially payers fall into a couple of different camps. Some come to making formal decisions very quickly, and we've seen some of those. Most have a process where they're going to have kind of the equivalent of a P&T Committee and review the product. And those will often then put in sort of interim policies, as it were, where they'll evaluate, on a case-by-case basis, whether a patient can be initiated on ORKAMBI. And so as a result of those interim policies and some initial policy decisions, that's why we have already seen patients start on ORKAMBI in the first few weeks following launch, and then over the next few months, more and more payers will come to their final determinations on their coverage policies for ORKAMBI. As I say, based on the discussions we've had so far, we do continue to anticipate that we are going to have broadened and positive reimbursement for ORKAMBI. And I'll pass it over to Ian to handle the expenses question.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Mike, hi. Thanks for the question. I'm going to take it a little broader if you don't mind, and really comment on what is our goals with, let's say, the Vertex financial profile. And it starts with a growing revenue stream, which we are very confident around, given the recent approval of ORKAMBI. We looked at growing that rapidly, providing access to the medicines that are already approved, and basically holding the steady state, our operating expenses in the company. The primary driver within our operating expense structure is R&D. That's a function of our commercial model, as we get  provide access to the medicines around the world, which is highly leveraged, with small investment required to provide access to these medicines, actually providing access to the medicines is more about education than it is about selling a drug. So that allows us as a business to reinvest in R&D, yet still aim to have high operating margins. And as we see out over the next three years, four years, we do see ourselves as a business that if we can drive our medicines to patients and hold our operating expense, which is exactly what we expect, that we generate high operating margins and operating margins that are consistent with our, let's say, larger cap biotech peers.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question, and good quarter. Couple more clinical questions, I'm hoping somebody there can answer it, but I noticed in the press release today, one of the endpoints for the younger population in Europe, the six-year-old to 11-year-old, was absolute change in lung clearance, and I wasn't sure if you guys were sort of rethinking some of the endpoints overall for development, beyond FEV1? Or is this just a special case, just given the age of the population? I have a couple other pipeline questions as follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden. Jeff Chodakewitz is travelling today, so he's not here, so I'm going to take the R&D questions. And thanks for asking that question. We've been talking for some time, both with Wall Street and with regulators, about the notion that we are eager to explore additional endpoints to FEV1, particularly for younger populations where it's more difficult to consistently blow a good FEV1 if you're two-years-old or three-years-old. And as part of that, we've explored three or four different endpoints, including lung clearance index. And this was a very nice opportunity, in talking with European regulators about this younger population, to begin to use lung clearance index, which is much less effort-dependent and much more consistent, particularly in young patients, as an efficacy endpoint. So it'll be interesting to see the result on this study which we think will be highly predictive using this endpoint. And we also plan to use those kinds of results to begin to discuss with other regulators, whether these other endpoints might be useful, particularly in the very young patients.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful, Jeff. And another question just on the ENaC inhibitor, does this change the priorities for you guys for your next-gen corrector? Or is this  would you view this as kind of complementary to what you already have? And then are we still on track to identify the third corrector, I guess, by year-end or early part of next year? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me  maybe I'll take those in a reverse order, Geoff. So yes, we're absolutely on track to identify the third corrector. And just remind you, I know you know this that our strategy here has been to bring multiple next-gen correctors into the clinic. And our goal is the first one by the end of this year with a several others following directly behind it, and that's progressing nicely and we are on track. With respect to the ENaC inhibitors, yeah, we do view them very much as complimentary. And they could be complimentary in a couple of ways, right, because they fall outside of the classic CFTR correction. They may have activity as monotherapy, particularly in populations like het-mins that don't have anything and frankly in other lung diseases as well. But we're particularly eager to study them on top of our current regimens like ORKAMBI because they may amplify the signal that we're seeing here. So I wouldn't view them as one or the other, I would definitely view them as complimentary. And I guess, your question is sort of getting at do they in anyway slowdown or deprioritize our next-gen correctors? And the answer is, no, we're full speed ahead on next-gen correctors.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Really helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. First, Stuart, I wonder if you could elaborate on some launch metrics that you're seeing. I know it's early days here, but is there any sense for the sort of numbers of centers prescribing or any other early indicators from maybe a time from prescription to fill, any other metrics that you can share so we can get a sense of what's happening out there? And then, I think this might be for Ian, if you could help us square the sales and the increase in guidance against your prior comments regarding the impact of enrollment of VX-661 trials on KALYDECO use. Do you have a same-store sales metric that enables you to see that that impact is happening but that the geographic expansion and label expansion is compensating for that, or is it just that it's actually not happening to the extent that you previously got, that is the impact of VX-661 trials? Thanks very much.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Matt, hi. It's Stuart here. Just in terms of launch metrics, I mean, we're less than four weeks in since the approval. So I'm really not going to comment on specific launch metrics and how predictive those are, the kind of the trajectory that we're seeing overall. As we said before, because of the interest in the product, the unmet need and the fact that it treats the underlying cause, we're certainly expecting the overall penetration of ORKAMBI in the eligible patient population to be high. And we've said it all along that we do think though it will take longer for ORKAMBI to reach peak penetration compared to KALYDECO for a number of factors that we've gone into previously like the volume of patients and the time it's going to take to educate patients and get them through the reimbursement approval process. But yeah, it's really much too really to be kind of throwing around specific launch metrics right now. And then on the guidance in KALYDECO revenue question, I'll throw that over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Hi, Matt. Thanks for the question. First off, I'd say, we're very pleased with the expansion of KALYDECO and, let's say, treating more patients through geographic and label expansion. As far as the guidance we've provided for the full year, we do actually now anticipate patients that would be available for the medicine mainly in Europe actually, to go into VX-661 trial. Remember as ORKAMBI was approved in the U.S., we switch the recruitment of the VX-661 pivotal studies to Europe. Europe is where we're starting to continue to recruit new patients, potentially based on the label expansion of KALYDECO. And instead of going onto KALYDECO, we're starting to recruit those into our VX-661 studies. So we have built that into our guidance and hence why we come out with something that is between $575 million and $590 million, therefore reflecting a lower growth rate than where we currently are between Q1 and Q2. We do think it will flatten out.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Craig Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks very much and congratulations on the progress and the good numbers. A question first related to the extension study for the patients that were on ORKAMBI coming into the approval. Could you give us a sense of, first, how many of the patients who were eligible were actually enrolled and stayed on treatment and then what number of them have rolled over to commercial drug? And then, I just wanted a quick follow-up on VX-371. Jeff, perhaps you could address why do the study with ORKAMBI rather than with VX-661?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: So Geoff, it's Stuart here. In terms of the number of patients who rolled over from TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT into the extension study, that number was very high, it was north of 90%. And Jeff Chodakewitz, if he were here, would have the exact numbers, but it was north of 90% of patients rolled over from TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT into the open-label extension. About half of those were in the United States and the process of informing those centers and those patients, the commercial product is now available and beginning to roll those patients over to commercial product is just beginning. But it's about 500 or so of the 1,000 who rolled over into the 105 study, were here in the United States. And on the VX-371, I'll pitch back to Jeff Leiden.
Geoffrey Craig Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Geoff. In terms of VX-371 and why we're going with ORKAMBI, it's really a matter of how do we get the medicine potentially to patients the fastest. So since ORKAMBI has already approved, simply adding one unapproved drug and getting the result will let us  assuming that we have success, will let us get that new drug, VX-371, to patients the quickest then. And our goal all along has been improving therapy as quickly as we could.
Geoffrey Craig Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two for me. Can you just remind us about the anticipated timing of the Medicaid coverage for ORKAMBI? And then, regarding the VX-661 KALYDECO trial on het-min, now that you started that trial, can you just maybe remind us of expectations for when that interim analysis might occur? Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Terence, it's Stuart here. In terms of the Medicaid coverage, there really isn't one answer, there's really 50 answers because obviously Medicaid managed state-by-state. So I really can't give you one answer to the Medicaid question. What I can share is that we've already seen patients initiated on therapy in the first four weeks. And within that number of the patients, we have patients who have commercial insurance as their primary insurance, we also have patients who have government insurance in the number of the people who've already been initiated. But to give one specific number for Medicaid is just impractical because there's really 50 answers to that particular question. And for the second part of the second, I'll hand it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. In terms of the het-min trial, just to remind you, Terence, we actually just announced that that trial is open for enrollment. So it's essentially starting now, if you want to think about it that way. And to remind you the design of that trial, it actually has two parts. We enrolled around a 150 patients plus or minus, we then have a DSMB that will do a futility analysis. We won't actually see the numbers at that point. They'll simply tell us to stop if it's futile or to continue. If they tell us to continue, we then enroll another approximately 150 patients. Because of the shorter study than the 24-week homozygous study, we would still have visibility to that data by the time we had visibility to the homozygous study. We expect that to be sometime in 2016 depending on how quickly the enrollment goes. Does that answer your question?
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Thank you. And maybe, Stuart, just one follow-up on Medicaid. Can you just remind us in terms of KALYDECO, what the benchmark was there in terms of the  I understand it's the state level, but just what was the range in terms of how long the process took from first day to the last day?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I mean, we're splitting hairs a little bit there, Terence. And then the uptake with KALYDECO was so rapid, as you know, we got to 90% plus of patients  we were up 90% of peak in six months. And so it was really incredibly rapid across both commercial payers and Medicaid. So there really wasn't much of a range that I could give you there. It was incredibly rapid for KALYDECO across all patient populations and all insurers.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan Chase. Your line is open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, just to follow-up on that, just based on your early discussions with payers on ORKAMBI, is there any change to your expectations for gross-to-net? Or maybe in other way has reaction to the price been about what you expected when you announced it earlier this month? And then secondly on the new ENaC product you have, does the ongoing Phase 2 trial in patients with any CFTR mutation include heterozygous patients? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: So Cory, on the reaction to the price, I would say, has been very balanced. Indeed, the focus of our discussions has really been less around the price and more around the clinical profile of ORKAMBI. And in terms of whether it changes our view on the gross-to-net, it really doesn't. The gross-to-net is almost exclusively driven by the payer mix. And as we explained previously, we are expecting the Medicaid payer mix to be a higher percentage for ORKAMBI than it was for KALYDECO. And it's likely to be in around that sort of 35% to 40% of eligible patients we predict will be covered by Medicaid. The vast majority of the rest will be covered by commercial insurance. But our view on that gross-to-net hasn't been changed by anything we've seen in the first four weeks.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, great.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And then in terms of the ENaC trial, just to remind you, there actually we're planning two trials, the first one's already underway. And that trial is basically monotherapy in any mutation. I assume, you're referring to het-mins and so the answer is, yes, het-mins would be there.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Yeah.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: With the obvious exception that KALYDECO-treated patients and, now going forward, ORKAMBI-treated patients, wouldn't be included in that study. The second study is going to be the ENaC inhibitor on top of ORKAMBI in patients who are treated with ORKAMBI.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my questions as well. First one maybe for Stu. It was reported that Harvard Pilgrim in Boston is actually discussing with you guys about pricing scheme based on pulmonary function in patients taking ORKAMBI. I was wondering if that's a single isolated case, or have you seen that among the other payers or not? And then secondly, on the R&D front, I noticed that in the press release you guys are adding one arm in the Phase 3 trial for VX-661 for patients who have one allele of F508 and the other allele with residual CFTR function. You're adding one monotherapy KALYDECO arm. Is that due to request from FDA or  and also, are you going add monotherapy arm in the other Phase 3 trials or not, in VX-661 trial? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Ying, so I'm really not comment on what discussions that we're having with individual payers and plans. I'll say what we've said all along. Our belief is that all eligible patients deserve to have access to ORKAMBI, and for it to be a decision for the physician and patient, whether they want to initiate those patients on ORKAMBI. And on the VX-661 program, I'll hand that off to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, just to be clear, the design of the VX-661 program has not changed, we haven't added any new arms. The residual function arm always had in it, both the placebo and ivacaftor monotherapy compared with VX-661 plus ivacaftor. So nothing has changed there.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. So I just wanted to go back to the ENaC, just for a second. I think you talked a little bit about the rationale, but maybe if you could expand upon the rationale for combining with ORKAMBI? And then secondly, what specifically might you hope to see? Should we be looking for increased lung function? Should we be looking for a lowering of the exacerbation rate? I mean, what would you be hoping to see with that combination? And then separately, just on KALYDECO, I just want to make sure I understood your comments correctly, are you saying that all of the growth came from increased penetration across the new gating mutations? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So maybe I'll take the R&D question first, the ENaC inhibitors. Ian described this in terms of the ocean and seaweed, but I can't be nearly that eloquent. So I'll take it from a more scientific standpoint, maybe. The way we think about ENaC, and the way the ENaC inhibitors work, as you know, is that ENaC is a separate channel; it's a sodium channel that is also involved in hydrating the secretions in the mucus in the lung. And so, you could think about it as  and is actually even an interaction with CFTR. So CFTR is a chloride channel that helps hydrate the mucus; ENaC the sodium channel, it helps hydrate the mucus. And so the rationale, based upon preclinical studies, is that if you combine an ENaC inhibitor with a potentiator, for example, or corrector potentiator, you'll get even better hydration of the mucus, which then should lead to better lung function. So what we're doing with the ENaC inhibitor program is, we're asking the question, does the ENaC inhibitor alone have activity to help hydrate the mucus and improve lung function in all mutations? And then, if we take the ENaC inhibitor and add it to KALYDECO or ORKAMBI, can we get better hydration than we get with the single agent alone? And the rationale is really based upon the work we've done in our human bronchial epithelial cell assays that say, when you add an ENaC inhibitor to a CFTR corrector or to a corrector plus potentiator, you actually get even better hydration. So the question is, does that translate into the clinic in improvements in FEV1, and we definitely are going to be looking at hard end points like FEV1.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: And then, in terms of the KALYDECO growth, it really is a combination of both label expansion and geographic expansion. For instance, in the U.S., we've had label expansions where the R117H patient population was added to the label at the back-end of 2014. And then in March, we were also approved for use in children between two years and five years with eligible mutation. So there's label expansion here in the United States. And then outside of the U.S., it really has been geographic expansion, such as G551D patients in Australia, where the uptake has been very rapid, and then also additional gating patients in a number of countries in the EU. So there really isn't one answer to what's been driving the KALYDECO revenue growth. It really has been that combination of label expansions into new populations and geographic expansion into new markets.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Operator...
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line open.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Hello, hi. This is Odysseas sitting in for Mark. Congratulations, and thanks for taking my questions. But just a few questions, one around the het-min trial, wondering about potential disclosure, or lack of disclosure, at the interim if it doesn't hit and there  an expansion is required for an additional 150 patients? The second question had to do with this lung clearance index. I'm just wondering whether Vertex is previously used at endpoint any of these trials that have any data from of any these drugs? And if so or if not in terms of thinking about how Vertex thought about the powering and design of the study based on that? And then the last question in terms of the next-generation corrector and one coming by year-end, but as I understand, there'll be additional probably next-generation correctors  next-generation potentiators, but next-generation correctors that may follow. Just wondering if Vertex is perhaps eyeing or if Vertex could quantify how many of those they're maybe eyeing to bring to the clinic in 2016? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. This is Jeff. Let me take the last two questions and I'll turn it over to Ian on the disclosure question. Starting with the next-gen program, we've said previously that we have multiple next-gen correctors in lead optimization, which as you know is sort of the study of the drug-like properties and tox (34:20) data from those molecules. And as I said, we're on track to bring the first of those into the clinic this year, and our goal is to bring at least two or three additional behind that following completion of lead optimization for those additional molecules and to compare several different next-generation correctors. And then your question about lung clearance index, yeah, lung clearance index is actually a fairly widely used measure of the ability to empty the lungs or the air effectively. And there is data from a number of studies showing, for instance, that when G551D patients were treated with KALYDECO, there's a significant improvement in lung clearance index and we're happy to send you some of those studies. So it is an end point that's pharmacologically validated, if you want to think about it that way.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: And, Odysseas, thanks for the question. Just to refer to an earlier comment Jeff Leiden made, which was the initial thought  the initial cohort of patients that enters the het-min study with VX-661. And the idea of that is there is a futility assessment. That futility assessment, if an independent advisory board deems that it is worth progressing forward, we will just continue to recruit patients and the study will be ongoing. We will not be at a disclosure point to that point, we'll just continue to recruit into the study and wait for the complete and final results of that study. If the board deems that it is futile, effectively futile in dosing those patients, they will advise us so and we will curtail the study on stopping that study and working the patients off-drug. We will provide a disclosure to let you know that that study is no longer going forward. So I think the way to think about this is if there is no news, it is because the study will progress and they will continue to recruit het-min patients. And if there is an early closure of that study, we'll advise you at that point in time.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Thanks. Just to clarify, so there won't be, let's say, an increase in the number of patients on ClinicalTrials.gov or anything of that sort?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, there won't be any disclosures, no.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Thank you very much for all the questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hello. Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Can you hear me okay because I'm kind of in a noisy area outside.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: We can hear you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Very clearly, Robyn.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. All right. Excellent. There are two questions, one for Stuart and one for Ian. So you guys have talked a lot about in CF centers there could be a backlog with the processing within the CF centers and there may not be a lot to do about that. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing or any design to (37:06) help that process as patients move through, and if it's better or in line with your expectations? And then for Ian a lot of your competitors or comps are diversifying and you still are really a CF company and what are your thoughts on importance of diversification over the next year? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Robyn, hi, it's Stuart here. So yeah, I think, whilst its early days, I think our experience in the first four weeks is the sort of factors that we were anticipating, are really playing out as we anticipate if they would. And those factors, just to remind you is, the volume of patients is obviously much greater than it was, when KALYDECO was initially approved, just the G551D patients. So there's a volume of patient that centers need to get in. Then obviously, when a physician is making the decision to start a patient on a new drug, then obviously there's fair amount of discussion, education is going to want to go on there, explaining the product, the mechanism of action, how to take it, all those sorts of things. And then obviously, we move onto the sort of reimbursement approval process. And so all those factors that we anticipated prior to launch being involved in how the launch is going to go have certainly been playing out exactly as we thought they would. In terms of what we're doing to support centers, we're doing a number of things, clearly providing education materials to support their discussions with their patients, we're providing them with help in terms of the sort of materials they need to submit to the various payers, be it prior authorization, documentation and stuff like that, providing them help with the documentation they're going to need, where the right place to send it is. And then from a patient support point of view, obviously our Patient Services group is there to support individual patients navigate the reimbursement process as well. And so we're as compliantly as possible, we are providing as much support as we can to help patients get access to the medicine. On the second point, I'll pass it over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Robyn, thanks for that question regarding we're focused on CF, very pleased about that. But also I would say that we still need to continue to be focused on CF and part of our, let's say, corporate or business development strategy as well as our investments into research at Vertex is about strengthening our position and creating even better combination medicines to treat more patients in CF. So that is one tactic and so we continue in CF and I think it is  it behooves company to continue to raise the bar in terms of the benefit we provide patients with our medicines and that's why we reinvest. We also reinvest in other areas within the company and I hope that later this year and early next year we can tell you a little bit more about those other disease areas that we're in as well as our other business development efforts which are looking to expand our scientific footprint and then also just to consider other products that may diversify and stage our pipeline. It tends to be earlier-stage ideas. I think that's appropriate for a company our stage as we progress forward and our priority is still cystic fibrosis. I'll throw it over to Jeff Leiden though because I think there's just much more of a kind of a strategic comment that's worth making here which is while we're successful in CF, we've not taken our eye off that we want to go into other disease areas. And maybe, Jeff, you have a comment?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, I think Ian said it well. If I were to say it in a simple way, I think of this as sort of three strategic objectives. Number one, no doubt about it is CF, and not only increasing the number of patients that we can treat with new medicines, but actually increasing the benefit for all the patients we're treating. And we've said many times our goal is to get to the majority, more than 90% of patients with medicines that have KALYDECO like or better effects. And I think we're executing well on that and we're well on track. At the same time, obviously, we are investing in areas outside of CF. As I've said, we'll bring more new compounds into the clinic this year at Vertex than we ever have in the history of the company. We're not talking a lot about that yet, but you'll start to hear more news as we begin to get clinical results, I think, later this year and certainly the next year. And then the third part, as Ian said, is that we're going to have the financial resources to also invest in innovation outside the company. And we're spending significantly more time, effort and money on our BD activities. You've heard about a couple of deals, but I think you can anticipate more again typically focused on earlier-stage scientific platforms or assets. So it's really a three-legged stool, and I think with the launch of ORKAMBI, we'll now have the financial wherewithal to invest in all three parts of the stool.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Phil M. Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two, one scientific, or, I guess, actually both on clinical development. First on VX-661 Phase 3, have you ever disclosed what the futility analysis hurdle is or, if not, would you care to disclose it now? And then second, on the new  the second generation correctors. Can you give us some idea of what the clinical development path is likely for those, specifically how quickly could they get into combination therapy regimens within FEV1 endpoint? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks for both questions. So we haven't disclosed the hurdle and we won't be disclosing it today. As Ian said, I think the first news that you would get on that is if we didn't meet the hurdle and the study was stopped, we would disclose at that point what's going on. With respect to the second generation correctors, we really see them following a fairly straightforward development path we've sort of pioneered the way here with our previous medicines. They go into a Phase 1 in normal single-ascending dose, multi-ascending dose. And following hopefully successful safety results from those studies, we would put them both as monotherapy and as combination therapy into patients. And I think we've figured out  we've learned a lot over the last few years about how to do those studies very quickly, very efficiently with small numbers of patients. And so I think we can get pretty definitive data using FEV1 as well as other endpoints on how they fare both by themselves and within combination.
Phil M. Nadeau - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Tony Butler with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much, Jeff. Two brief questions. One is eliminating the sodium channel compounds for the moment. Is there a rationale for a next-gen corrector to actually be QD or BID, such that it's more easily formulated with either ivacaftor and/or VX-661? And the second question is, is there any rationale from HBE experiments that actually suggest to you that there may be the need for three correctors in addition to a potentiator? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks for both questions. So with respect to the formulation question, our goal always has been to make it as easy as possible for these patients to take their medicines, because they do take very large numbers of pills every day. And so we continue to push for co-formulated products, that's certainly our goal, into one pill or small number of pills, and either QD or BID, both of those seem pretty acceptable to patients. And that's certainly our target product profile with the next-gen correctors and combinations. Your other question was, could we need three correctors? The answer is, we don't yet fully know, but certainly our goal is to try to keep this to as few medicines as possible, simply from drug-drug interaction standpoint, from a co-formulation standpoint. So again, if you ask me what our target product profile was today, it would be a first-gen corrector, a second-gen corrector and a potentiator.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you. That's helpful.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: All right. Our next question is going to be from Brian Skorney with Baird. Your line is open.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I just wanted to kind of get your temperature on how we should be thinking about pricing of the VX-661 combination in the context of ORKAMBI and KALYDECO's price. They're obviously at different print points, but they're in different patient populations right now. Based on the VX-661 combo studies, there's probably going to wind up being significant overlap between KALYDECO and ORKAMBI patients. I guess about 80% of KALYDECO responders have probably shown improvement on VX-661 plus ivacaftor, based on the Phase 2 data. And it doesn't look like there'd be a meaningful amount of clinical efficacy above and beyond ORKAMBI for the combo. So I guess, is it more important to you guys to maintain price per patient for KALYDECO responders, or to try to get ORKAMBI patients to switch to the VX-661 combo, because it doesn't seem like you could really do both?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Brian, I think, the most important things to us overall are to increase the number of patients that we're able to bring a benefit to, and continue to increase the benefit we deliver for the patients that we are able to treat. That's our overall strategy. And KALYDECO combined with VX-661 is a part of that overall strategy. But to really be commenting on price right now is way too early. As you know, we've got this broad Phase 3 program studying it across multiple patient populations. And until we see the results, both safety and efficacy, across those different patient populations, it would really be inappropriate to be speculating on how we might price that combination.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And I guess is, would you perceive any benefit, outside of a double corrector potentiator combination, to have patients on a VX-661 ivacaftor combo as opposed to ORKAMBI, if kind of the Phase 2 data winds up holding up and they look pretty similar efficacy-wise?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm not sure I understand your question. Can you ask that again, a double corrector combination -?
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): So basically what I'm getting at is, would there be a reason to try to get patients on ORKAMBI switched to VX-661, in your view, if the efficacy profiles are relatively similar?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think it will really depend on the totality of the profile, and whilst efficacy is one part of the equation, obviously there's safety as well. So it's really going to depend on what the physician and patients think is the overall profile of the medicine, if it's successful in that population, compared to their experience with ORKAMBI. So at this stage, it's really a very hypothetical discussion, Brian. We'll wait and see how the Phase 3 program plays out. And when we've got the results in hand, we'll be able to have a much more informed discussion about which patient populations may be eligible for VX-661 and ivacaftor.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. I guess you saved the best for last. Thank you very much.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive Vice President: Absolutely.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. First question, I just wanted to better understand the guidance. So if we extrapolate the results this quarter and just assume it's flat for the remainder of the year, we actually get to a number that's slightly above your guidance. So I'm just wondering if there was any stocking or if there's some FX kind of considerations or greater gross-to-net in the future, what  and help us better understand the guidance you provided for KALYDECO.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So Liisa, thanks, and you certainly did save the best for last. So congratulations, your math is correct. If you take the first six months of this year and then take this quarter and multiply it by two, which is a way of just saying the last three quarters are the same as the second and the first quarter is already done, you do get to slightly above the $590 million, that's correct. I made comments earlier on the call, though, which is, we do anticipate patients that we expected to come onto KALYDECO treatment will now go towards the VX-661 Phase 3 studies. And clearly, we're trying to estimate that, but we have taken a conservative approach and we anticipate that will affect the growth of KALYDECO specifically in Europe. And therefore, we're not anticipating a significant growth in the second half of this year with KALYDECO.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. I didn't totally put that together. Thanks. And then just a final question, again, I know a lot of people have asked, but on this lung clearance index. Can you maybe give us what kind of assumptions you made in this population or how you powered it, and kind of like what clinical difference you expect to see or make sense just because we're not as familiar with it and we haven't seen as much of the data? That would be very helpful. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks for the question. This is Jeff. We haven't disclosed the numbers there and probably won't until we get towards the end of the study. There is a fair amount of literature out there that we can send you on what kind of numbers one might see, as I said, the KALYDECO as an example. The study is 200 patients, so it's appropriately powered to see the kinds of the differences that we think would be important to see clinically and statistically.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. That's going to conclude the call. We appreciate everybody joining us tonight. The IR team is available in the office tonight if anyone has additional follow-up questions. I'll also mention that we will be presenting at a few investor conferences in the coming months. And in early October, we will plan to host analysts and investors at the North American CF Conference in Phoenix, so stay tuned for details on that. Thanks and have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice Presidnet and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Masha Chapman - JMP Securities LLC Yaron B. Werber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mohit Bansal - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining Vertex Pharmaceuticals' First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Michael Partridge. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you operator and good evening everyone. Joining me on the call tonight are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda tonight is as follows. Jeff will begin by discussing key priorities for our business and reviewing the progress with our cystic fibrosis medicines. Stuart will review the first quarter performance of KALYDECO and will also discuss preparations for the anticipated launch of ORKAMBI, which we announced today as the proposed trade name of the lumacaftor-ivacaftor combination. To close, Ian will review the first quarter 2015 financial results and reiterate our 2015 guidance. We will then open the call for your questions. Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer, will not be on the call today as he is attending a scheduled meeting with the FDA. We expect today's call to run for approximately 45 minutes. You can access the webcast slides by going to the Events section of the Investor Relations page on our website. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of ORKAMBI, those about Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs, and Vertex's future financial performance, are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information about our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our first quarter 2015 financial results press release, and I would also refer you to slide four of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michael, and good evening everyone. 2015 is a very important year for Vertex. Vertex is the leader in the development of cystic fibrosis medicines that address the underlying cause of the disease. Our goal in CF is to treat as many people as possible, and to enhance the benefits for those we treat. I want to start by acknowledging all the CF patients and families who continue to reach out to us. We and they are eagerly awaiting the availability of ORKAMBI. I want to thank them for their support and encouragement as we seek to improve the lives of more people with CF. There are three strategic priorities that we believe will allow Vertex to continue delivering on our vision to make new transformative medicines available to patients globally. We're focused on delivering on those priorities. First, we're focused on gaining approval and successfully launching ORKAMBI while continuing to grow KALYDECO, enabling us to treat even more people with CF. KALYDECO continues to treat more patients through both geographic and label expansion, and we anticipate approximately 3,900 patients to be eligible for KALYDECO by the end of this year. In addition, we are ready to bring ORKAMBI to the approximately 8,500 patients ages 12 and older in the US who have two copies of the F508del mutation. We look forward to our meeting with the FDA advisory committee on May 12 to discuss ORKAMBI for the F508del homozygous population who currently don't have any treatment options that target the underlying cause of their disease. Also we have just completed enrollment in the Phase 3 safety study evaluating this combination medicine in children ages six through 11 who have two copies of F508del mutation, which if successful, positions us to provide ORKAMBI to these younger patients in the US. Our second priority, we're advancing our CF development pipeline with novel medicines with the potential to create regimens that may increase the benefit for CF patients. We believe that VX-661 could play an important role in the treating of CF as a key component of a two or three drug combination. We're now enrolling two of the four studies included in the broad VX-661 with ivacaftor pivotal Phase 3 development program. And the third study will start in early May. And our third priority is expanding and diversifying our early stage pipeline. We continue to expect a next generation CFTR corrector as well as multiple programs outside of CF to enter the clinic by the end of 2015. In summary, we continue to make significant progress in realizing our long-term vision to treat more people with cystic fibrosis and to enhance with benefit for those we treat. The continued execution on our strategy gives us the confidence that we will achieve sustainable growth in revenues, earnings and cash flows and create new medicines that treat other serious diseases beyond CF. With that, I'll hand it over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Thanks Jeff, and hello everyone. I'll begin by reviewing KALYDECO performance in the first quarter, which reflects strong underlying demand as well as the impact of label and geographic expansion. I will also discuss our progress in preparing for the anticipated approval and launch of ORKAMBI in the middle of this year in the United States. KALYDECO revenues increased 31% over the same quarter last year. Global sales this quarter were $130 million, comprised of US sales of approximately $72 million and ex-US sales of approximately $58 million. There has been rapid uptake of KALYDECO by eligible patients in Australia following the completion of reimbursement discussion in late 2014. There are more than 200 adults and children with CF in Australia who are eligible for treatment, and the vast majority of those have already started to take KALYDECO. Late last year, KALYDECO was approved in the US for use in children and adults ages six and older with the R117H mutation. More than 150 of these patients have already initiated treatment. And in March, the KALYDECO label was expanded in the US to include children with CF ages two to five with one of 10 different CF mutations. The first children under the age of five have already begun treatment. We are delighted that so many new children and adults with CF now have access to KALYDECO, and later in 2015, we expect to make further progress as we achieve reimbursement approval for gating mutations in the major European countries where these mutations are prevalent. In summary, multiple growth drivers are in place for KALYDECO this year, as we continue to deliver on our geographic and label expansion plans. Now turning to ORKAMBI. Our PDUFA date in the US is July 5, and our team is ready to bring this medicine to the many patients who are eagerly awaiting its approval. Our patient services team, who help patients navigate the reimbursement process and also help with patient education and compliance is fully staffed and trained. We are having ongoing and productive discussions with payers. One of the main areas of focus is disease education, to help payers understand cystic fibrosis as a disease, its impact on patients and caregivers, and also to estimate the number of eligible patients they may have in their plans. And from a supply chain perspective, our launch supply is ready to be shipped shortly after approval, and we have sufficient supply to meet what we anticipate to be strong demand. In summary, geographic and label expansion continue to drive significant growth in the number of patients we treat with KALYDECO and we are well positioned for additional long-term revenue growth with the launch of ORKAMBI for F508del homozygous patients. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice Presidnet and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening to everyone. Tonight, I'd like to discuss our first quarter 2015 financial results, and then our 2015 financial guidance. Firstly, to the financials. KALYDECO revenues were $130 million this quarter and are up 31% versus the first quarter of 2014 as we continue to expand the number of patients we treat. Our first quarter non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses were $246 million, an increase of $13 million compared to last year, this increase mainly being attributable to an increase in SG&A expenses as we prepare for the potential launch of ORKAMBI. And our non-GAAP net loss was $148 million similar to prior year non-GAAP net loss of $151 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we've maintained a strong position with approximately $1.2 billion of cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter. Let's turn to our 2015 financial guidance, specifically the reiteration of KALYDECO revenues and combined R&D and SG&A expenses. KALYDECO revenues are on track and we continue to expect 2015 revenues to be between $560 million to $580 million and we also continue to expect the combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense to be between $1.05 billion and $1.1 billion for the full year. I would just note before closing that we expect our operating expenses will be higher in the second half of this year compared to the first half, mainly as a result of anticipated progress with the VX-661 pivotal program and the investment to support the potential launch of ORKAMBI. I will close by stating that we are in a strong financial position today and focused on delivering a future financial profile consistent with our large cap biotech peers, and we look forward to updating you on the continued execution of our strategy throughout this year. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, this is Michael Partridge. We've received several messages that the webcast for some participants was cutting in and out and what we'd like to do for those webcast participants is offer them just a few minutes opportunity to dial into the phone which we understand did not cut out. And I'll repeat the numbers so people can dial in; within the US it's 866-501-1537, the international is 720-545-0001. I'll repeat the US and international numbers. That's 866-501-1537 for the US; 720-545-0001. And we'll pause for just a minute to allow people to dial in.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And please let me know when you're ready to take questions.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: So operator, this is Michael Partridge again. We understand there are still a few people dialing in. We'll wait for them to dial in and we'll be right back.
Operator: Certainly.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right, operator, we're back. We're ready to start the Q&A. And one thing I'll say also is that we will post the transcript of tonight's call on our website when it becomes available for anybody who missed our prepared remarks earlier.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question for this evening comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just have a couple here. I know Jeff isn't around for clinical questions, but just curious what you guys would be thinking in terms of the pace that you can go from initial data on the second corrector to a proof of concept with that corrector plus 661 KALYDECO. And I have a commercial question for Stuart.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, this is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the question, Geoff. It's a little difficult to give you a precise number, so maybe instead I'll just sort of outline how we're thinking about these second gen correctors. As you'll remember, we have several of these molecules which are in late stage preclinical development. Our goal is to get the first of those into the clinic this year and then follow with several others rapidly after that. And these will likely go through the typical development process, which means a typical Phase 1, a single ascending  a single dose and then multiple ascending dose, looking predominantly of course at safety. And once we have that data, we'll be able to go on to patients. And I think the question you're asking is, can we go into patients just with singles or with combinations and that's something we'll obviously have to discuss with the regulators.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That makes sense. And then just for Stuart, when you think about the reimbursement for ORKAMBI across Europe, what are some of the factors that affect the speed of reimbursement? Do you think  certainly, it's not a patient education question, but it obviously has a lot to do with the size of the market and the number of patients. And do you also think that budgets will play a role just given the greater number of patients for delta-F? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yes, thanks for the question, Geoff. In Europe, I think there are really two different buckets of things which are going to affect the pace of reimbursement. The first one is kind of systemic if you like. It's the process that each country has, and some have a very formalized process with very well laid out and rigid timeliness, and others are much more fluid. So I think there is always that, which affects not just us. It affects every product which is trying to secure reimbursement. And then specifically as it relates to us, it really is going to be discussions around the severity of the disease, level of unmet need, the nature of the product and then the patient population. And as you say, one of the big considerations in Europe you alluded to is the budget impact and that's where discussions around the patient population and making sure that payers understand the size of the patient population, that this is an orphan disease and that the initial indication hopefully for ORKAMBI will be for a subset of the F508 homozygous population. So they really have a good sense of the size of the patient population and how relatively small it is, is obviously a really important consideration for them as they are thinking through the budget impact. So, those I think are the two types of considerations. One systemic around the process, and then the others which are very specific to us and ORKAMBI.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, thanks. On the second corrector, which you made some comments about, maybe you could talk about within those different compounds that you've been working on, what is the gating factor to getting an IND underway? And have you ever actually shown monotherapies where chloride, or I guess just a chloride transport assay date on those? Are those actually quite active as a single? And then the second question, I guess for Ian. You did mention that you are thinking about profitability and cash flows like large cap peers, so maybe you could expand a bit on that. And over the next few years, what is the philosophy of Vertex on how profitable you guys think you can be? How important is it? I know there has been some discussion and maybe some nervousness about what you can do versus what's been in the past. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Michael, this is Jeff Leiden. Let me take the first question, then I'll turn it over to Ian for the second. In terms of the second gen correctors, again let me just sort of remind you not from my view, but for some who may not be as familiar. The idea here is that we have shown data that by adding a second generation corrector a first gen corrector like 809 or 661 plus KALYDECO, we can get very significant enhancement of chloride transport, both in delta-508 homozygous cells and then delta-508 het min cells, which is obviously important. And so this is really a sort of two-edged approach. One is to, we think it has a high likelihood of allowing us to treat the het min patients, which we know are so difficult with a two drug combination. And the other one is it enhances the benefit of the homozygous patients and frankly anybody who has a delta-F508, a single delta-F508 allele. So that's the idea. And when we started the project, there were really two challenges. One was really a biologic challenge, that is was that hypothesis correct. Could you actually identify molecules that would synergize with first generation correctors and increase chloride transport, and we've now definitively answered that question. We have multiple molecules that do that and provide very significant synergy. To me that was actually the more challenging or worrisome question. The second part of course is once you have such molecules turning them into drugs and that's really a matter of lead optimization around parameters of PK and drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics. And that's the stage we're in now with multiple of these molecules. We're on track for what our goal was this year, which is to get the first of those molecules in the clinic this year with multiple other molecules following thereafter. And we have shown, your second part of the question was have we shown data to demonstrate that synergy and we have shown that data. I'd refer you back to NACF even a year and a half ago or so I believe, where we showed several pieces of data on the synergy that we can produce with those second gen correctors.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, but even as mono? Are they even active as mono? I don't know if they actually have a difference in that.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we haven't shown data as monotherapy, but we're looking at all the different combinations to produce the best, the most optimal regimen we can produce.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice Presidnet and Chief Financial Officer: Mike, thanks for the questions, especially thanks that I get chance to reiterate the comments of what we target financially for the company a few years from now. And it is to be a company similar to our larger cap peers and that's one of high operating margins. I think we have the opportunity to do that as a business given the disease areas that we're in, specifically with the KALYDECO revenue growth that we're starting to see, and we anticipate it should increase with the label expansion and the geographic expansion. And then later this year, following the potential approval of ORKAMBI, we should see an acceleration of that revenue growth and that should accumulate to a significant revenue line. And if we continue to control our operating expenses, what that means is that growing revenue line cascades over an operating base that allows us to achieve high operating margins as a business. I would also point out that in that financial profile, because of the scale of the revenue growth, we're still able to reinvest in R&D, which is a core principle of the company, still able to reinvest in R&D while maintaining those high operating margins. So, as we look out to three, four years from now, we do see that we're in a very strong position financially.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much for taking the question. A couple just on upcoming events. First on the AdCom, you must be in the final stretches of preparation and I know Jeff's not there, but perhaps Jeff Leiden could comment on, what are the issues and what additional analyses or areas of focus we should anticipate at that AdCom? And then, one for sure on the same kind of thing, you must be engaged in discussions with payers both in the US and outside the US now. And how are they coming back to you in terms of their perceptions of the value of ORKAMBI compared to KALYDECO and how they're going to work with you to manage that? Because obviously it's a significant step up in their patient volume and revenue exposure in this category. Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the questions. I'll answer the AdCom question then turn it over to Stuart. Just to put it in context, I think as you are aware these AdComs are fairly routine with new chemical entities and this is certainly a new chemical entity. And they typically focus on two questions, what is the strength of the efficacy data versus the unmet need and what's the safety profile. And at the end of the day, is there a favorable benefit risk profile and those are the questions that we expect to be discussed at the AdCom. Based on the data that you've already seen, we're very confident and in answers to all of those questions because we feel that there is very significant clinical benefit. The drug was well tolerated from a safety perspective and when you put those together you get a favorable benefit risk in patients who today don't have any underlying therapy that treats the underlying cause of the disease. And that's consistent with what we're also hearing as feedback from KOLs and from the community. So we're looking forward to the discussion. We think it will be pretty much the typical AdCom discussion around those issues.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yes, Geoff, on our discussions with payers, you're absolutely right. We have had and are continuing to have ongoing and very productive discussions with payers. One of the main areas of focus for us is obviously educating them on the disease and the seriousness of the disease, CF being an orphan disease is not necessarily something that they've spent a lot of time focusing on. So talking about the disease, the impact it has on patients and caregivers, making sure they really understand the disease and the level of unmet need has clearly been a very important part of our early discussions with them. The other critical point of the discussion has really been around helping them understand the patient population. And as you know, one of the things that payers are very keen on understanding is having a high level of certainty and that's certainly one of the things that we can offer them in cystic fibrosis. This is an incredibly well-defined orphan population. So helping them understand the size of the population in total and specifically the size of the eligible patient population likely to be in their plans or in their geographies has been really important. And then when we've been talking about the science behind the product that treats the underlying cause of the disease, where there really isn't anything that does that in the market today. When you put all those factors together. I think the general impression we've been getting is that this is the sort of innovation that they like to see and that they want to reimburse.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. This is actually Odysseas sitting in for Mark. The question I had has to do with sort of I'm thinking about the triple combination and optimizing each of the parts. I guess I just wanted to, as much as CF development has progressed over the last five or 10 years, sort of getting an understanding as to your confidence that were this first generation, second generation corrector target, the site, the sort of confidence in that synergy over perhaps a combination of correctors that target different sites on the CFTR?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. This is Jeff Leiden. Maybe just to clarify, we do believe that the first generation and second generation corrector target different sites, different parts of the folding mechanism or folding pathway, and we have direct evidence that shows that. And so the idea here is that the delta-508 mutant CFTR actually has multiple defects at different points in the folding pathway that the first generation correctors like 809 or 661 target one of those, which is actually relatively early on in the folding pathway. But then we then search for second generation correctors that could target a second one that's further downstream in the pathway, the theory or the idea being that those two should be added if they're synergistic. And as I said before, we've been able to show that I think very definitively we can identify multiple molecules like that. They do add or synergize with the first generation correctors and our confidence in those is really based upon the totality of all the HBE cell data that we have, which in each case has translated into the clinic. And so we've shown you data that of first generation corrector, second generation corrector, KALYDECO can produce significantly more chloride transport in those cells than just a first gen corrector and KALYDECO, and that's why we're so confident that will translate into more benefit in the clinic in anyone who basically has one or more delta-F508 alleles. Does that answer your question?
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI: So my question more just had to do with whether for instance if there are multiple defects or multiple sites, let's say A through E, and we know that the first generation corrector targets A, with a combination of A plus, but any of the others is perhaps is necessarily better than let's say C and another site? I guess that's all. I mean just sort of the multiplicity of the...?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I understand. You're sort of asking what's the best combination?
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI: Right.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's a good question, and we are trying to produce exactly that, the best combination. But another way of thinking about it might be how much chloride transport relative to normal can you produce with two different correctors plus KALYDECO. And we've shown some of that data before. We can produce quite a bit more at least equivalent to what we see with KALYDECO on a 551D cell. And so the goal is to optimize those with HPEs, because we're very confident that that translates into the clinic. And so we do have multiple correctors against multiple target sites just as you say and the goal is to produce the best combination and put it in the clinic.
Odysseas D. Kostas - Evercore ISI: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe first just one for Stuart. I know you guys were gathering data on the cost of hospitalization due to exacerbations. Can you maybe give us an update on where that data stands, how important has that been or will that be in your discussions with payers both in the US and ex-US? And then just with respect to uptake of KALYDECO in the R117H patients, I think I heard you correctly about 150 patients currently on drug. I think you guys have said about 500 in the US before. Maybe anything you're seeing in terms of uptake across a certain age or is there anything specific about those, that first group of patients that's come on the drug? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yes, Terence, let me take those in reverse order. So the R117H launch is going well. You're right, we do have at least 150, more than 150 patients we know have initiated therapy. And without breaking them down into all sorts of different age groups, we are seeing use across the range of ages from as you know our approved indication is for patients six and older and we are seeing patients from the younger age groups into the older age groups as well. So it's distributed across the age groups. In terms of the exacerbation data, yes, you're absolutely right. We have been gathering data on a number of different elements on exacerbations, things like the number and frequency of them, the severity of them, the impact it has on patients and caregivers and also the cost to the overall healthcare system. And that data is all going to be very important as we're putting together the dossiers that we will need to submit for reimbursement. And so, making sure that we have a really very up-to-date set of information on those exacerbation rate by the major countries has been an important part of the work that our health economics team has been doing in preparation for the launch.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Can you share any findings from that in terms of the cost to the system?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Well, it can be expensive. I mean it depends on the type of exacerbation and the severity and does it lead to hospitalizations and we know that hospitalizations can be up to two weeks at a time and things like that. So there's a range of costs if you like and it varies by country and things like that. And we will be getting around to publishing that data and when that data is publicly available, that's when you'll be able to see the kind of costs that we think these events have for the healthcare system.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. I wondered if we could go back to the VX-661 Phase 2b data. I thought maybe you could add a little bit of perspective on that, because I have gotten a lot of questions on it. So, the FEV1 at four weeks was 4% and 4.4% higher than baseline. But the final through 12-week result on a repeated measures basis was 3%. And because that statistical method is a little bit different than what you're  it's kind of apples and oranges between the four and 12-week. I wondered if you could talk about why you use the repeated measures method for the 12-week endpoint? And then maybe if you could give us a better sense of the progression of FEV1 throughout the 12-week trial, and at what time point did you have the high watermark in the FEV1? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Matt, this is Jeff. Thanks for asking, giving us a chance to sort of clarify this because I know both have had some questions about it. I think it's perhaps more straightforward than people imagine. First, let me just remind you about this trial. The idea here was we needed more safety data than we had had to move into Phase 3. And so this trial was really designed predominantly as a safety trial to get us 12 weeks of safety data that would cover us, so we could accelerate into Phase 3. And the first finding that I would emphasize that we were particularly pleased with was the fact that we didn't see any new safety concerns and that allowed us to accelerate the pivotal program as you know, which is enrolling now. The other, though they were efficacy endpoints as you said, predominantly FEV1, and what you're really asking is what was the sort of pattern that we saw. I would characterize it this way. First of all, the changes in FEV1 that we saw were consistent with what we've seen before in that 4% range in multiple studies. The pattern was very similar to what we've seen before with all CFTR correctors, which means that the changes were rapid. You saw them within two weeks and they were sustained through the 12 weeks of the study. It was a small study, so there was some bouncing around of those, but none of those were statistically significant. This thing went up by two weeks, went out to 12 weeks and it was consistent through the 12 weeks of the trial. And that's consistent with the biology. We know that when you get underlying CFTR correction, that has been something that we've seen that's stable and is sustained. In terms of making a point estimate about what the effect is, we're certainly not going be able to do that from these small Phase 2 trials. That's really going wait for the Phase 3 trial, which is going to be much larger obviously and allow us to directly make the accurate point estimate. But there was nothing here in terms of FEV1 that was in any way inconsistent with what we've seen with 661, or frankly, with the other CFTR correctors in terms of the pattern. Does that answer your question generally?
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: It does, but just to clarify, you're not describing a downward trend on the FEV1 benefit from baseline from four weeks to 12 weeks, is that correct?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. There was some bouncing around at different time points, but the at 12-week time point looked a lot like the at 4-week time point. And so, while there was some bouncing around, there was no statistical or consistent downward trend, if that's what you're asking.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then if I could just sneak in a quick commercial question. Wanted to check in on the expanded access program. Is this happening? If yes, in what geographies and how many patients on program? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, this is Jeff. I'll take that one quickly. So, we do have an expanded access program in the US. It has sort of two parts. There's an initial enrollment of about 50 patients who have FEV1s of less than 40. So that's something that actually falls outside the official boundaries of the Phase 3 trial. We'd like to see more data on that population. We'll collect an initial set of patients and then analyze that and based on that, we'll expand the access program as we go.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Congrats on the progress.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That trial is enrolling as we speak.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities.
Masha Chapman - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. This is Masha for Liisa. Thank you for letting us ask question. I have three, one is commercial. How do you think about the adoption curve for ORKAMBI in the US and maybe more specifically, like what are the factors that you envision will be at play that are different from the KALYDECO launch, just aside from just the volume of patients. And in Europe as a follow-up question, it took some time in that geography to negotiate price and the reimbursement for KALYDECO. Now given your presence there, do you think the process will be faster? One quick housekeeping question is what was the FX impact this quarter on top line. Thank you.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Masha, this is Michael. Just in consideration of other analysts who will be asking questions, could we ask you to just focus on one question and then we are happy to address other questions you have after the call during follow up.
Masha Chapman - JMP Securities LLC: Sure. Thank you. First question is fine.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: So which question would you like us to answer?
Masha Chapman - JMP Securities LLC: Yes. First question is fine, on the adoption in the US and various factors that will be different from KALYDECO launch. Thank you.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Yes, great. Masha, it's Stuart here. So thanks for the question. I mean broadly speaking, we're anticipating the demand from patients and physicians to be very high for ORKAMBI given the seriousness of the disease, the level of unmet need given that there is no currently available treatments that address the underlying cause of the disease and the community's positive reaction to the clinical profile. So generally speaking, we are expecting there to be significant demand and quick uptake. Specifically to address your question about what might be different around the uptake, the biggest difference I think is going to be around the patient volume. And if you think about it, there's about 275 CF centers in the US. So for KALYDECO in G551D, they were seeing about three to four patients. For the F508del homozygous population 12 and over, we've got about 8,500 patients. So they're going to be seeing 30 plus patients in the average CF center if there is such a thing. And whilst the initial decision to initiate therapy may be made very quickly by the physician in consultation with the patient, just that sheer volume of patients and the level of administrative burden that goes along with initiating a patient going through the reimbursement process, prior authorizations and that sort of thing, I think is likely to lead to a slower relative rate of uptake relative to KALYDECO. The one last thing I do want to say though, relative to KALYDECO is the important phrase there. I mean the KALYDECO uptake was virtually vertical. I mean, we were at 90% of peak penetration in six months, the fastest launch personally I've ever been involved in. And so whilst we're saying the relative rate of uptake with ORKAMBI maybe slightly slower as a result of some of these increased patient volume factors, as I say, we're still expecting the demand to be very significant from both patients and physicians.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi. Your line is open, sir.
Yaron B. Werber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for taking my question. Ian, it's a question for you. I think it's a follow-up to some of your earlier comment, just talking about profitability and expenses obviously ramping up a little bit second half. Can you give us a sense where are you sort of on your commercial preparation now? How much more do you need to prepare since the sales force is already in place? And just maybe a little bit understanding, just maybe just not in the script, not in concrete terms, but just broadly is R&D broadly going to go up in line with revenues over time or less than revenues? I'm just trying to get a sense what profitability could be, because that's the key question I'm getting all the time. Thank you.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice Presidnet and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Yaron. I'll actually  Stuart can follow my answer, but Stuart can, because I heard of two questions there. Stuart can also help you understand where we are in commercial preparation as well for the launch of ORKAMBI. The way we look at this is profitability should come with the launch of ORKAMBI and we continue to drive the revenue line with KALYDECO with geographic and label expansion as we stated earlier on this call. Clearly, the revenue growth is accelerated by the potential approval of ORKAMBI. Therefore as we look towards the end of this year and maybe beginning of next year, we start to see the company turn cash flow positive and profitable. As far as the operating expense is concerned and the future operating expense is concerned, as you're asking, in the short-term we've committed to financial guidance of $1 billion, $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion and we've reiterated that on the call tonight. So it helps you understand how we think about this year. And then as we think about the out years, I made some comments earlier that we continue to control that operating expense, but with the revenue growth that we have, we see the opportunity to make significant operating margins. To use what you just said in the question, we do not see the company taking a proportion of its revenues and allocating those to R&D. The R&D investment in the company is based on our commitment to a research function that has been highly productive over the years. We like where we are with that. And then the development spend and development investment is a function of the opportunity of the products that we may create. And so we don't look at it as a financial metric to spend away the revenue line. It is more a function of controlling and having efficient R&D, having a control and efficient operating expense, but controlling that to allow the revenues to generate significant operating margins. And Stuart, do you want to comment on ORKAMBI's?
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Sure. Yes, in terms of the launch preparations, in the US, we're launch ready. The additional commercial infrastructure that we need here in the US, which was largely in our patient services team, this is the team that supports patients through the reimbursement process and helps with education and compliance. That team has been scaled up to reflect the larger patient population we hope to serve when ORKAMBI is approved later this year. So in the US, we're fully scaled up and launch ready. And ex-US, essentially we'll be using largely the same infrastructure that we've used for KALYDECO in those markets where we commercialized KALYDECO. The real growth in our ex-US markets is driven by us needing to build infrastructure in markets where we don't currently have a presence, because there isn't really a large bolus of KALYDECO-eligible patients in those markets. And so that expansion is really happening in the second half of the year as we get ready for the approval and then subsequent reimbursement submissions in Europe towards the back end of this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to stay on this topic of profitability and cash flow for a second. But from a BD standpoint, I'm wondering if you anticipate that you'll have the capacity to drive the bottom line while simultaneously being opportunistic with acquisitions, whether inside or outside of CF. And then I guess as it specifically relates to CF, what's your view on the most value-add timing of a potential deal? In other words, how much proof of concept do you need to see before trying to go after an asset? Thanks.
Stuart A. Arbuckle - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer: Cory, thanks for the question. I think I've mentioned this on a number of earlier calls. So we have a very firm and committed corporate and business development strategy. And I'll just go over that once again and then comment on your last part of the question, which is timing. The priority within business and corporate development for us today is cystic fibrosis. And so we continue to evaluate opportunities of other technologies or medicines that may enhance our approach to creating the best combination medicines for our patients as well as thinking about other modalities of how we may treat patients many years away from now. We're committed to the space. And so we continue to evaluate different technology and different medicines that are at various different points of research and development to give them consideration of whether they would be better in combination with our base therapy. Second priority for us in the area is scientific footprint. Vertex has been highly successful in small molecule drug development and looking at molecular targets. It's time for us to continue and consider other things. And so we're looking at other modalities of science and there is a lot of very exciting stuff out there and we're working very hard on evaluating those as well. And then third, there is this consideration of being more opportunistic with in-licensing. I would say it's smaller scale. I don't want you to take away from this call that Vertex is trying to buy revenue. We have a lot of internal growth with our own compounds. We've got a lot to execute on in the CF space alone. So we don't need at this point to go out and take on risk of M&A to buy revenue, but we would consider balancing our pipeline opportunistically. And then to your point of a question of how do we think about the timing, the ideal timing for bringing in potential CF assets. We look at it by looking at our HBE assays to be honest. If we have an opportunity to study an external asset with our own assets and evaluate the combination therapies or even that the standalone therapy through our HBE cells, we take a lot of confidence from that. And if we can at least do those kind of lab experiments, it gives us confidence there to move forward where then potentially the risk in the clinic is one mainly focused on safety. So for us, the ideal time is around this pre-clinical or translational time of medicines to look to do the combinations.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Mohit Bansal - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. This is Mohit Bansal for Robyn. Thanks for taking our question. So maybe like diverting a little bit from cystic fibrosis, and can you please talk a little bit about your BioAxone collaboration which you did in October last year, and the asset in particular VX-210 for spinal cord injury? And then should it be taken as an indication for the types of deal you are looking for outside the CF space? Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, this is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the question, and I'll tell you a little about the deal and then answer the second part of it. So just as a reminder, this was a licensing deal for a Phase 2b-ready row inhibitor for a spinal cord injury. Strategically obviously it's the kind of disease we're interested in. That means a serious disease with very large unmet medical need where even small improvements in neurologic function make huge improvements for patients. It's a market that's of the right size, which is clearly a specialty market, very consistent in size with markets like CF and other specialty markets, so not requiring large commercial infrastructure. And there was preclinical and early clinical data that was suggestive of an effect and it was I think economically also a very good deal for Vertex in terms of acquiring an option for what could be a very valuable asset to patients and us. The plan with that program as we've said is to begin the Phase 2b study later this year, and it's a study that's we were designing to be large enough to really give us a clear answer on the effects of this particular molecule. Your second question, is this the kind of deal that we would do, there is no one answer to that. But because of all the things I just told you, yes, it fits strategically. It's the right size. It's the right stage. It's the right kind of asset and it's potentially transformational for patients.
Mohit Bansal - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Guggenheim Partners.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Jeff, I'm respectful of your comments around chloride transport in HBE cells for the triple combination or the addition of the second corrector. But the question is, as it begins to fold, why don't you get steric hindrance, because you've got three molecules there? And more importantly, how do you actually know from the in-vitro assays that you  let's just say will not or may not generate exhaustion when you move that in-vivo? Or can you know that? Thanks very much.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, two great questions actually, and we're thinking a lot about them. The first one's really interesting because it points to what I think is a fundamental property of these correctors in particular, but also the potentiators, which is that they don't stay bound to the target. In fact that's important, that they help with the folding and they likely come off the target, at least everything that we've seen says that that happens, which also gives you some interesting insights into the kinds of potency that you might really want to look at. I think that's one of the reasons we don't get steric hindrance, and another reason of course is the size of these small molecules compared to the size of these proteins is quite small. But I actually think it's the first reason more than anything else. These are binders which tend to come off I think during the folding process. And your second question is about exhaustion. In a way, that would be a nice problem to have in terms of driving chloride transfer, driving CFTR trafficking and chloride transport up so high that you get exhaustion. But in fact what we're seeing so far anyway is that you can drive this up very significantly with these three drug combinations and that the CFTR that's on the cell surface is functional. That's of course the most important thing and we're not seeing what you might worry about, which is increased recycling of the CFTR or abnormal function of the CFTR when it's folded by these three molecules. That's really not what we're seeing.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Katherine Xu from William Blair.
Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Just a very quick question on the strategy for ORKAMBI in children ages six to 11. Do you have a safety study plan, any, what other studies you're going to do for the eventual approval?
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, so it's a little bit  thanks for the question. It's a little bit different in the US than Europe and so it's important I think that we clarify that. In the US, the safety PK study, which is fully enrolled now, we believe and we know is the only study that we're going to need, assuming of course it's successful, to apply for approval in the US. In Europe, it's a little bit less certain, and in fact our assumption is typically in Europe that one would need both an efficacy endpoint and a safety endpoint. And so at the current time, although we're still discussing it with European regulators, we're planning a second study in Europe that would have both the efficacy and safety endpoints, about the same size, to apply for approval in Europe in this patient population. And we would assume that that would likely start sort of mid-year.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. First of all, the results you just released last month from the 12 weeks Phase 2b for VX-661 in homozygous patients, based on that 2% absolute change between placebo and drug, does that change your view of the likelihood of success for this combo in heterozygous, or you called the het min patients? And then secondly, philosophically, how high do you think the barrier to entry for your competition is? It seems that everyone else is also developing drugs using your HP assay. So, I was wondering what your view is for the competition that's coming on the way? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me answer the second one first. Of course there is now increasing competition. That typically is what happens when you show the kinds of success that we've shown. I think the strategy that we're taking is to as quickly as possible find the maximal regimens and get the most patients we can on them. We do think we have a pretty considerable head start. Most of these other assets are preclinical or just entering the clinic. And so as I told you, for the reasons I've told you, we're confident that for instance a three drug regimen will allow us to address 80% to 90% of the patients and get essentially maximal effects. And that does of course provide a barrier to entry, both in terms of even enrolling clinical trials and certainly in terms of commercially once you're already there. So that's really the competitive strategy. And it's supplemented by our business development strategy as Ian said. So if some of those assets come from externally and we can put them together into even better combinations, all the better for patients and of course for us. On the first question is really, what's our confidence around 661. And as I said, the FEV1 response that we saw in that study and in the delta-F508 homozygous patients was pretty comparable to what we've seen in the other Phase 2 studies. So if anything, that increased our confidence in the effects we're seeing since it went through 12 weeks. I'd also remind you that there is a lot of other Phase 2 data out there. For example, adding 661 to patients who are on KALYDECO who have a gating mutation, in which in a Phase 2 study we showed I think about a 4.6% further increase in their FEV1, and of course that's become a part of our Phase 3 program. I think one of the key questions that we have and that others have is, what is the likelihood of success with the two drug combination, 661 plus KALYDECO in the heterozygous min population, the really most difficult population to treat. And as we've said before, we think that has a lower probability. We haven't actually tested the drug yet there. But on the other hand, those patients have nothing today. So the way we're managing that in the Phase 3 program is there is a separate study in that population, but it looks quite different. And we're going to enroll a reasonably small number of patients, about 120, and then we're going to do a futility analysis based on those 120 to decide whether to continue and enroll another 150, which would give us the full pivotal trial. So it allows us to manage the risk there, if you will, while we're also bringing forward of course the next generation correctors that we think have a higher likelihood of success in that population.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for fitting me in. So if I could just ask again on the next generation corrector, I think earlier you suggested that it's  you obviously know the targets and you know the sites you want to target. It sounded like you were still doing some work to get the molecule ready. I was wondering if you could maybe be more specific. Is this formulation work that's still necessary, tox work? Is it that you have a few compounds and you're trying to pick which one you actually want to move forward and put in the clinic? So maybe if you could just be a little bit more specific there. And then separately, Ian, could you just talk about FX for 2015? Thanks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. This is Jeff again. I'll answer the first part and then I'll let Ian answer on the FX. So what we've said here is, and where we are here is, that we have multiple second generation correctors, which do add to KALYDECO plus a first gen corrector like 661 and we are basically at the stage of lead optimization. And as you know, what that involves is optimizing around several parameters, PK, drug-drug interaction and toxicity. And so these molecules are at various stages there of optimizing PK, tox and drug-drug interaction. And when we get the first one, which we expect to do this year, optimize for those. We'll take that into the clinic, but our plan is not to just pick one and take it into the clinic. Our plan is actually to pick multiple versions here. They have different flavors. They bind to different sites, we believe. And so we will test multiple versions in multiple combinations in the clinic, and as I said starting this year and then certainly going into next year. Does that answer your question about the second gens?
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That does. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Ian F. Smith - Executive Vice Presidnet and Chief Financial Officer: And to the FX question, I know it's been a popular discussion through Q1 results. We also have ex-U.S. revenues. In fact in the first quarter, approximately 45% of the KALYDECO revenues do come from ex-US, and so we suffered the same headwinds as the other companies have suffered. However as you can see, we've recorded $130 million worth of revenues in the first quarter. The launch is going very well. To the broader story of the full year, we anticipate that FX does have an impact on our revenue line. However, we've taken appropriate measures in terms of hedging against those revenues. And then when you look at the bottom line for the company, we have a natural hedge because we have overseas operations where we're benefiting from a reduction in expense, because we're getting favorable benefit there on the expense line. So we've managed the FX and for the rest of the year, we believe we're in good shape. We continue to be committed to our revenue guidance of $560 million to $580 million for KALYDECO and we're happy with our position.
Michael Partridge - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. That will conclude tonight's call. We thank everybody for tuning in. We apologize for the transmission problems that occurred on the webcast earlier. We do plan as we mentioned to post the transcript on our website and in addition, when the replay of the webcast is available, it should be complete and free of breaks and interruptions. The IR team is available in the office tonight if you have any additional questions. Thanks and have a good night.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffrey Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stuart Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President Ian Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jeffrey Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President of Global Medicines Development & Medical Affairs
Analysts: Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays. Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Matt Roden - UBS Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Michael Partridge. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator, and good evening, everyone. Joining me on the call tonight are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer, will join us for Q&A. Our agenda tonight is as follows. Jeff will begin by reviewing Vertexs strategic priorities for 2015. Stuart will review the full year 2014 performance of KALYDECO, provide commentary on the outlook for KALYDECO in 2015 and will also discuss preparations for the launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. To close, Ian will review the full year 2014 financial results and discuss our 2015 financial guidance. We will then open the call for your questions. We expect the call to run for no more than 45 minutes. You can access the webcast slides by going to the Events section of the Investor Relations page on our website, vrtx.com. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K and 10-Q, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of lumacaftor/ ivacaftor combination and those about Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our fourth quarter 2014 financial results press release. I would also refer you to Slide 4 of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks, Michael, and good evening, everyone. 2014 was a year of continued success in delivering on our vision to be a leader in discovering and developing therapies for cystic fibrosis and other serious diseases. And we made significant progress this past year in establishing a foundation for sustainable growth. First, we expanded the number of patients with KALYDECO through geographic and label expansion efforts. Second, we announced positive data from our Phase III studies of lumacaftor/ ivacaftor and submitted an NDA in the U.S. and MMA in EU paving the way to treat significantly more people with CF. Third, we continue to manage our financial position ending the year with approximately $1.4 billion in cash to support the future of our business. These accomplishments have fundamentally changed the outlook for our business and increased their confidence and the companys plans for the future and for people with CF and their families. I had the opportunity to meet with many of our investors and analysts of JPMorgan Healthcare Conference earlier this month and to talk about our strategy. So let me remind everyone about our priorities for 2015. First, approval and successful launch of the lumacaftor/ ivacaftor combination while continuing to increase KALYDECO revenues enabling us to treat even more people with CF and to accelerate our revenue growth. Second, significantly advancing our CF pipeline with a focus on next generation medicines that have the potential to create regimens that may increase the benefit for CF patients, and third, expanding and diversifying our pipeline into other areas as evidenced by multiple programs advancing into the clinic during 2015. If we are successful in meeting our goals we expect to deliver the Vertex and its shareholders a long term financial profile that includes significant revenue and earnings growth. Before turning the call over to Stuart I wanted to take the opportunity to mention how proud we are at Vertex to be at the forefront a new approach in developing medicines, broadly referred to as precision medicine. KALYDECO and hopefully soon the combination of lumacaftor/ ivacaftor are benefitting CF patients around the world and demonstrating the potential of this approach and developing medicines. We are pleased that our success had provided part of the basis for newer search initiatives, discussed for the first time in the State of Union address last week to apply precision medicine approaches across a broad range of diseases. And we look forward to working closely with regulators and other government entities to apply the learnings of precision medicine so that we can help more patients and do it faster. With that Ill turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Tonight, I'll review the sales performance of KALYDECO in 2014 and outline our expectations for KALYDECO in 2015 that reflects strong underlying demand and the positive impact of label and geographic expansion. I will also discuss our progress in preparing for the approval and launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. KALYDECO has shown rapid growth since it was approved in 2012. Product sales increased 25% in 2014 to $464 million. At the start of 2014 nearly all eligible patients with the G551D mutation in the U.S. and Europe were being treated with KALYDECO. Growth in 2014 was driven by both additional patients initiating therapy in new and existing international markets and the U.S. approval of KALYDECO for use in eight additional mutations. Turning to 2015 there are again multiple potential growth drivers based on achieving reimbursement approvals and further label expansions. In the first half of 2015 we expect rapid uptake of KALYDECO by eligible patients in Australia following the completion of reimbursement discussions in late 2014. There are more than 200 children and adults with CF who are expected to be eligible for treatment. In the U.S. KALYDECO was approved for use in children and adults ages 6 and older with the R117H mutation on December the 29th last year. The first patients have already initiated treatment and we expect to see continued uptake in the months ahead. In the second half of 2015 we expect to see the revenue impact from achieving reimbursement or Gating mutations in some European countries. We also anticipate a potential approval in children with CF ages 2 to 5 with the G551D or other Gating mutations in the U.S. which would be a growth driver in the second half of 2015. As a result, we expect the number of patients eligible for KALYDECO to increase from 3,100 today to more than 3,700 by the end of this year. Although all eligible patients will not be on treatment by the end of the year and the enrolment of the VX-661 pivotal study in gating patients will have an adverse impact on patients receiving commercial product we expect another year of significant revenue growth and KALYDECO net sales in the range of $560 million to $580 million in 2015. Now to the combination of lumacaftor and ivacaftor. We submitted the NDA and MAA in the U.S. and EU respectively in November 2014 that children and adults with CF ages 12 and older who have 2 copies of the F508del mutation. In the U.S. we received priority review with the PDUFA date of July the 5th 2015. In the EU we were granted accelerated assessment and we anticipate EU approval around Q4 of this year if discussions with regulators progress as expected. All in regulatory approval in the EU individual reimbursement discussions will begin on a country by country basis. I am pleased to report our launch planning is on track. There are around 8,500 F508del patients ages 12 years and older in the U.S. who are treated at approximately 275 CF centers. This represents an order of magnitude more patients than we currently treat. A key priority for us ahead of launch in the U.S. is to scale up our patient services team so that we can help providers and patients navigate the reimbursement process and also help with patient education and compliance. We have been adding case managers and we are also working to understand how CF centers plan to manage patient initiations. We are investing in disease education to help payers estimate the number of eligible patients they may have in their plans and also from a medical perspective to understand cystic fibrosis as a disease. Its impact on patients and caregivers and the systemic effects of CFTR modulation. Internationally we are building out the required infrastructure in new and existing European markets to support the lumacaftor/ivacaftor launch. Infrastructure for each new country consists of a small number of medical and commercial staff. In summary, geographic and label expansion will continue to drive significant growth in KALYDECO sales and we are well positioned for long term revenue growth as the number of people we treat with CF significantly increases with the launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination later this year. I will now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening to everyone. Tonight I would like to discuss our 2014 results, then our 2015 guidance and how that puts us on track to long term sustainable revenue and earnings growth. Ill be brief on the 2014 results and for a more detailed discussion of these results please refer to our press release we issued earlier today. 2014 financial performance was marked by the continuing growth in KALYDECO revenues controlling the level of our operating expenses and completing the year with a strong balance sheet. As we look to 2015 and beyond we see revenue growth continuing based on treating more patients with KALYDECO and then accelerating this revenue growth with the potential approval and launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. As we anticipate this growth in our CF revenues we also expect to control the level of operating investments into our company. We anticipate that this will enable us to deliver a future financial profile that includes high operating margins and significant earnings growth. Now to the 2014 results. We generated $536 million in total non-GAAP revenues in 2014, including $464 million in KALYDECO revenues. This was a significant increase over 2013 KALYDECO revenues and we expect this growth to continue. We also recorded $72 million in royalty and collaborative revenues including $35 million in revenue from the outlicense of VX-787, our novel flu medicine, to Janssen. Then looking at the main components of our non-GAAP operating expenses, our combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses were $920 million in 2014 a decrease of $177 million compared to the prior year. This decrease reflects our prioritization with CF medicines and continued focus on managing operating expenses. The non-GAAP loss was $511 million or $2.17 per share compared to the prior year loss of $203 million. This increased loss was the result of significantly reduced HCV revenues from 2013 and they are now excluded from our 2014 no-GAAP financials. With the expectation of increasing CF revenues in 2015 and controlling our operating expenses, we see 2014 as a transition year into revenue growth and future profitability.  Now lets turn to our 2015 and our financial guidance for the year and specifically KALYDECO revenues and the main components of our operating expense. With the recent regulatory submissions and approvals for reimbursement, KALYDECO is well positioned for 2015. We expect KALYDECO net revenues to be in the range of $560 million to $580 million as we continue to expand the number of patients we tweet. Next to the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. We look forward to this midyear launch to further accelerate our revenue growth; however the revenues from this launch will be primarily U.S based in 2015. Based on regulatory timelines in the EU and the subsequent reimbursement timelines we anticipate the first commercial revenues from ex U.S. territories will likely occur in2016. Now to the main components of our operating expenses. As previously announced we expect combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense will be in the range of $1.05 to $1.1.billion for the full year and we expect these expenses to be fairly consistent each quarter of this year. We expect the non-GAAP R&D expense to be in the range of $770 million to $800 million an increase of $75 million to $105 million compared to the prior year. Now breaking down the R&D spend into its principal components. We expect to spend approximately $200 million investing in our or basic research to support the creation of future transformational medicines and specifically in CF we expect to progress the next-generation correct into the clinic later this year. This is very similar to basic research spending in prior years. Now to the deal development spend which we expect to be between $570 million or $600 million and is primarily driven by CF clinical program. More specifically, the Phase III pivotal program of VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor and the ongoing investments in lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination with patients who remain on long term extension study. Other areas of focus for Vertex in research and early development are programs in oncology and neurology and expectation that certain programs will enter and advance in the clinic in 2015 is incorporated into our guidance. Turning now to 2015 SG&A guidance. We expect to spend $280 million to $300 million which is an increase of $55 million to $75 million compared to 2014. The increase reflects cross functional investments in supporting ivacaftor/lumacaftor combination launch and establishing a larger international presence as we significantly increase the number of patients we expect to treat with our medicines. Ill close by stating that we are in a strong financial position today and focused on delivering a financial profile consistent with our large cap biotech peers and we look forward to updating you on the executional [ph] strategy throughout this year. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Geoffrey Meacham from Barclays.
Geoff Meacham: Afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Obviously everyone is focused on the upcoming 661 date. I guess I wanted to get a sense from you guys when youre planning your Phase III where you look at the opportunity in heterozygous patients? What population I guess would you estimate would be eligible for perhaps 661 plus KALYDECO and from your basic research what population may need a second corrector? And then I have follow-up.
Jeff Leiden: Geoff, this is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the question. The way were thinking about the heterozygous in terms of 661 and KALYDECO really in two bucket. Youll remember that last year we published a Phase II study and adding 661 to KALYDECO in patients who had a 508del mutation on one allele and some sort of gating mutation in that case G551D and the other allele. And were able to show if you remember that, one those patients once they were stable on KALYDECO, if we added 661 we saw greater than 4.5% improvement in an absolutely FEV1. And so the first part of the heterozygous strategy that were going to test in the Phase III program is basically a pivotal program around that population where were trying to maximize the benefit that we can bring by adding 661 to KALYDECO and patients were heterozygous for 508 in the gaining will. And so if you think about that population, its about 80% of all gating patients who have 508 and the other allele. The other population is what we call heterozygous men population, not a very good term I admit, but its patients who have 508 on one allele and basically a non-KALYDECO responsive mutation on the other allele. About 17,000 patients worldwide, as weve said this is s hardest to treat population because those express half of the amount of the Delta 508 protein that Delta homozygous expresses, and so they need better correction. We know for example that 809 plus KALYDECO doesnt work in that population. We look that in our traffic and transport trials you remember. So were taking two prong approach to these patients, because today they dont have any CFTR correction therapy. Were going to taken admittedly high risk, but more rapid approach and try them with 661 plus KALYDECO, the two drug combination as part of our pivotal program and well start that program as we said in the first half of this year. The idea there is if we can see an effect, than well be able to get the medicines to patients much more quickly. But the high probability approach that were taking is the three-drug combination and thats where we take 661, KALYDECO and the next generation corrector. Our cell-based data suggest that will work in this population with the higher probability, but of course thats slower, because our next generation correctors are in lead optimization now and our goal is to put the first to those and perhaps multiple in the clinic this year. And so thats the high probability but longer term approach.
Geoff Meacham: I guess that was more of my question of if you get the next gen corrector in clinic, you dont necessarily have to have 661 on the market. Youll be able to look at two unapproved drugs and proof-of-concept studies and get an answer pretty quickly?
Jeff Leiden: Well, well be able to look at two unapproved drugs but getting an answer quickly, I want to clear about, well have to take these first generation correctors into the clinical by themselves first of course to a Phase I study in normal than well able to begin to explore combination So as compared to the 661 KALYDECO trial which were going to start in the first half of this year and quickly enroll. It is a significantly longer approach.
Geoff Meacham: Right. I got you. Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Geoff.
Operator: Thank you next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the questions, maybe one follow-up on Geoff question then second one. So first just from a strategic standpoint I was just wondering the benefit of developing 661 plus KALYDECO in the patients that already benefit from KALYDECO, is it higher barriers to entry, is it greater revenue per patient, just maybe helped frame for us to strategic thinking there. And then, I would love your latest thoughts on partnerships and/or BD within and outside of CF? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: This is Jeff Leiden. And Ill now take the first part and then Ian will take the BD question. The strategic plan here is really simple. Its to bring the best benefit we can to those patients and thats our number one priority. And as we talked about less, so we were very pleasantly surprised actually by the Phase II data that showed the significant improvement over and above KALYDECO when we added 661 to those G551D on 508 patients. And that was one of things that really push us to go quickly into a pivotal program, so we could get those patients maximum benefit.
Ian Smith: And Terence to your second part of your question. In the last year weve had a fairly active and broad business corporate development focus three main areas. One being to understand the landscape of other CF technologies and medicines that may combined with what were doing here at Vertex to enhanced benefits from regimens. Second area to focus has been to consider other technologic or research based approaches to creating medicines. I mean Vertexs has been very successful over the year with small molecule development and targeting certain molecular targets. But there are other things that are going on there right now that we need to involved in, so, with considering expanding our significant footprint as well. And then the third area of focus has been can you we diverse by our pipeline and by that it both out licensing non-core assets which were been successful with. While also considering bringing on other opportunities into our pipeline that where Vertexs further. I hope to update you with regard to 2015 in terms of where weve been spending our efforts. And as I would outline cystic fibrosis is our number one priority.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Yee: Yes. Two quick topics. one is one the Phase IIb 661 study that youre finishing and then you move into a Phase III both Homozygous and heterozygous. I guess how did you go about being certain on your 100 milligram QD dose. Why didnt you go with higher BID dosing and how could you do all and take all that if you havent even seen the full Phase IIb data. And then my second question as it relates to the over heterozygous populations that weve been discussing on last couple of questions. I guess you talk little about what it was high risk population, as the heterozygous population where we did see in the population where you did have 551, 508 and it was additive by 4.6%, even with only half protein [ph] expression. Ive been in the heterozygous admins you will have the protein expression with the mutation, so wouldnt work on that half  somewhat similar effect.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: Mike hi, its Jeff Chodakewitz. So let me take this, let me take this first one. I think that really have to step back and remember that in the fall of last year with the Phase II data that we had, both the data in the 508 homozygous patients. And the patients that Jeff Leiden referred to with the 551D 508 patience. We already had 4-week data from those patients. So we had a fair amount of information. What then the 12 weeks study really contributed is real the  its primary objective which was safety. Its a small study 40 patients, only 20 on active and in fact theyre actually dividend across the couple of different doses. So that gave us the information at the interim to accelerate, because we knew from the DSMB revenue and our view that nothing  it was nothing there on safety that fundamentally changed our profile. So, thats really how we look at and it was really the preponderance of data that we had at the 100 milligram dose that gave us that confident using the opportunity to move faster.
Michael Yee: Got it. Okay.
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Then and your other question which is a good one, can we just extrapolate from the G551D 508 heterozygous to heterozygous men, I really think the answer is no. We dont lot of things about those heterozygous patients for G551D for instance, we dont know the effect of 661 on that G551D protein as well and so they could be a beneficial folding effect on the G551D protein getting more protein to the surface and contributing to the 4.5% or 4.6% increase we saw when we had 661. So we dont and I really wouldnt extrapolate from that G551D 508 data to 508 has been patient. And thats why we think its particular high risk.
Michael Yee: Yes, in other words its helping -- it could help the 551 as well, I think? 
Jeff Leiden: Correct.
Michael Yee: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden from UBS.
Matt Roden: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question and congrats for getting the shot up the President in the State of Union address. Just to follow-up on the last question. Jeff you commented on the 661 Phase IIb data that you see in terms of safety and indorsing as a necessarily getting faster for moving into the phase III, but what can you tell us about what you saw in the efficacy if anything. Should we be thinking about this compound is being advantages relative to 8 or 9 because of the drug like proprieties and lack of invest interaction or is actually something to look at on the efficacy side is potentially better. And then shifting gear, second question would be one ATR inhibitor program in cancer and I use to see that coming forward, looks like the approach here increase the sensitivity to the chemotherapy if I understand it correctly. So the question would be, do you need chemo combos for this to work. Or could the approach work with the targeted agents or immunotherapy, just trying to get a sense of where we going with that program?
Ian Smith: So Matt, I think in terms of the interim results, they really arent just bad and there is really just no way to comment on those results. I think I do go back to the prior data that and it was really the totality of the data from those multiples cohorts across the different populations that we been referring to and then getting that information at an interim basis on say primarily safety that is really what contributed to our decision making.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, I can take the second part. This is Jeff Leiden. And that I think I actually like the way you said. I think you should think about 661 as the foundation for multi-drug regimens going forward because of its pharmaceutical properties. And that its best attribute if you will. Now were going to find out more about what it does in some of these populations from the Phase III certainly not from 12-week study because of course there were no headwinds [ph] for example and no 551Ds in that 12-week study. But number one is it really has pharmaceutical properties that allow us to make combination regimens including the three-drug regimen which is going to be so important I think in the headwinds. With respect to the ATR, yes, youre right, this is a DNA repair pathway and so the hypothesis here is that by simultaneously disrupting a DNA repair pathway, while youre also providing DNA damage to the cell in the form either cytotoxic chemo agent or radiation. Youre going to potentiate the radiation of cytotoxic chemo agent and that will be the real basis that which well look at the drug rather than looking at it by itself.
Matt Roden: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges: Thanks very much. And hope you guys both warm and free of snow up there now. I wanted to ask a couple of more questions about 661. Could you give us a sense of the  your expectations enrollment of the trials, knowing [indiscernible] or is it realistic that any of these trials could give us read out that you will disclose by the end of the year or should we be expecting them to all come next year? And then we sort of seeing to be dancing around this Phase IIb efficacy results, but when my bat [ph] come. And then lastly related to that Jeff could you comment on the pharmaceutical properties of what youre seeing in the next gen corrector. Do you have optimized candidate there or you just sort of really establishing proof that you can target the particular half way that youre going after?
Ian Smith: So, Geoff thanks for it. Ill take the first question in terms of timing of results from the pivotal Phase III program and then also the 12-week study VX-661 thats currently ongoing. Firstly, just chronologically, the 12-week study thats currently ongoing, we anticipate towards the end of the first quarter well provide you top line data from that study. Ill just reiterate that Jeff has mentioned that it is a small study primary endpoint to safety and lot of the data that weve gathered around 661 already has provided with the green light heading to this broad Phase III program. And Ill also add to that data was discussed with the regulatory authorities to allow proceeding to that Phase III program. As far as the timing of the results from the phase III program, we would anticipate 2016, will provide with a more clear update once we get an understanding of the rate of recruitment to the studies, but we dont anticipate results within 2015.
Geoffrey Porges: Great. Then the second corrector?
Jeff Leiden: So, I think that really I think as weve talked about were really focused on those markets both driving the efficacy but also having the pharmaceutical properties that are going to allow to be used in the three-drug regimen. Thats really our goal. And we do have as weve talked about multiple compounds in lead up. Exactly what those properties are going to be its really  to you actually already and weve tested them in the clinic. I think its really too early to say.
Geoffrey Porges: Okay. Thanks very much, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI.
Mark Schoenebaum: Hello gentlemen. Thanks a lot for taking the question. I had reasonably simple question, when I look at the design that youve chosen for Phase II trials, Im particularly struck by the design of the heterozygous men population where you plan to enroll 270 patients, mainly serves thats only about half the size of the traffic and trans  each of the traffic and transport trials which were adequately powered trials in and of themselves. So presumably the power of 270 patients to this CB benefit is substantially less than it was in traffic and transport. If I were the company designing a trial and choosing that I would interpret that as having great confidence. Im going to see a big benefit. Why am I correct or incorrect in that line of logic so to speak? And then, finally just a follow on the Phase IIb coming out for the 661 combination. Is there reason biologically or study design wise and the length is different just to assume or postulate that the data, the FEV data would be significantly different from the roughly 4.8% improvement and absolutely we saw in the prior experience. Thank you.
Jeffrey Chodakewitz: Hi. So, its Jeff Chodakewitz, so again in terms of the ongoing Phase II study with 12-week, we really just cant comment, that is in a interim analysis and we are  as Ian just said, were going to really have the results at the end of the first quarter. In terms of your question around comparing the 661 admin study versus traffic and transport, I do thing there are couple of very important considerations that differ between them. One is that in the traffic and transport we had two doses in that study, which obviously complicate the sizing of studies and thats a very big difference and we are very pleased to be able to focus on one dose as we move 661 into Phase III. The other piece of that is that another consideration and important consideration in attracting transport that is was around secondary endpoint and being able to detect secondary endpoint. The 661 study and the admin population is really focus and powered around [Indiscernible] so it does explains the differences that you were noting.
Mark Schoenebaum: And why wasnt that paradigm secondary and then Ill drop back in the queue. Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: So again I think that we also have the study in I believe homozygous patient that is powered both in terms of size and duration for those secondary endpoints and we think thats really going to be able to anchor our program and so thats how we construct to be the program overall.
Mark Schoenebaum: All right thanks a lot. Great job, congrats.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thanks. This is Mohit Bansal filling in for Robyn. Thanks for taking my question. Moving aside from cystic fibrosis and looking at your pipeline, you have asset in oncology and neospace [ph] could you please help us understand your strategy with these asset. Do you expect to develop these indications in house or you think partnership or out licensing is the way to go. I guess my real question is do you see these assets as non-core assets or your core asset? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks for the question. I think as you, its Jeff Leiden as we outlined our strategy a couple of years ago which is to make transformational medicine for very serious diseases with large unmet need and scientific opportunity. And so if you look across our pipeline whether its in neurology or whether its in oncology each of the programs fulfilled those criteria in different sorts of layers. So it is our strategic assets. In terms of plans for how to commercialize them obviously well be able to make detailed decisions once we begin to see clinical data from Phase II and Phase III studies, but we are very confident that these kinds of asset, these transformational assets are high value assets for the company and they do fill with our corporate strategy.
Ian Smith: And Mohit I would just add that we faced this question a lot when we engage with investors and analysts. And it appears as though there is always a category that we want to fit these assets in including maybe some of our really neurology assets as well. And the categories tend to be you are either in the area or you are not in the area and what I would like to be clear on is that were committing to the studies and we want to find out the results and we want to see where there is a potential for this transformational medicine as Jeff Leiden has explained. But were in the area until we got the data and that doesnt mean that the company is committed to the oncology space for the next 10, 15 years but it doesnt mean we are committed to these studies in finding out whether we have the potential to create new medicines. And I wish there was a third  that I could give you but thats  we are actually in that third category.
Jeffrey Leiden: Ian and I talked about and we are not an oncology company or a neurology company, we are transformational medicines company and thats what we are trying to do it here.
Mohit Bansal: This is helpful. Thanks a lot
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities.
Liisa Bayko: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. And just to follow-up on some discussion earlier. If we see a better treatment effect, a larger treatment effect in the 661 KALYDECO combo study on the homozygous, by extension does it make us feel like the heterozygous study is going to have more robust effect than with seamless lumacaftor/ivacaftor, is that the right way to think about it?
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Thanks for the question. I know what youre trying to get at here in terms of  will this really read out in the admin study and our impression about chance of success? And the answer is really no. We wont have single admin patient in this study that theyre obviously the relevant patients and as I dont think our mind will change in the terms of the risk and the speed of these two approaches were going to take. Theres no doubt no matter what we see that the two drug combination is a high risk but more rapid way to get to these patients who today the dont have any therapy. Theres also no doubt in my mind that the three-drug combination from everything weve seen, the much higher probability approach, but unfortunately its going to take us a bit longer.
Liisa Bayko: Okay. Fair enough. And then can you maybe talk about the presentation of the combo, how many pills it would be and sort of what would be the packaging be roughly for the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combo?
Jeff Leiden: Yes, Liisa. So the presentation is a fixed dose combination, so youll take the 400 of lumacaftor thats combined with ivacaftor. Youll take that in the morning and then 12 hours later youre also taking fixed dose combination tablets than as well. So its completely co-formulated product.
Liisa Bayko: And then just final question from me on the trajectory that you anticipate for the combo, can you maybe compare or characterize how we should think of it compared to what we saw for G551D population? Thank you.
Ian Smith: Yes. Great question, Liisa. So in terms of the destination if I can describe it that way in terms of the overall level of update were anticipating. We expect the level of uptake, the peak penetration if you want to think that way to be very high for the lumacaftor/ ivacaftor combination based on the things that you already know. Its incredibly serious disease. The F508del mutation is a serious form of disease and there arent another treatment options currently available that treat the underlying cause of the disease. And so everything we know about the profile of lumacaftor and ivacaftor and the reaction you have had from patients and providers since Phase III data became available is very positive So were expecting the peak uptake to be very significant. In terms of the rate of uptake Im anticipating its going to be lower than with G551D and really thats just driven by the sheer volume of patients. I think about here in the U.S. theres about 1000 G551D patients they are treated about 250 to 275 CF centers thats on average three or four patients per center. You think about the F508del homozygous population 12 and above is about 8,500 patients, so nearly an order of magnitude greater. Thats more like 30 patients per CF center on average. And so just the sheer volume of patients and the efforts that goes into initiating a new patient on therapy, the education, the counseling, navigating the reimbursement, process is going to take a significant amount of time and this is the sheer volume of patient I think its going to lead to the absolute rate of uptick to be somewhat lower than we saw with G551D which as you well know was virtually vertical.
Liisa Bayko: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ying Huang: Thanks for taking my question. So, can you categorically talk about the futility analysis after the first 120 patients will be enrolled in the headwind cohort, what would be hurdles for you to continue to enroll the 150 patients? And then I think you made comment before that maybe shall we assume that the 12-week trials of that cohort in case we would not be low enough to capture any benefit in weight gain or exacerbation reduction, is that the right assumption? Thank you.
Ian Smith: So its  lets talk about the futility analysis which I think really reflects what weve been talking about in terms of the low probability for the population with the two drug combination. We dont have an exact final rule that were going to use, so we cant specifics. But let me take a moment and walk you through how its going to work to put it in perspective. As you noted that we are going to roll about 120 patients in the initial cohort. Were going to then pass enrollment and clinical data from those patients will be collected and be reviewed by the DMC. We wont actually even Vertex be seeing that will be conducted independently by the DMC. And the goal of that is actually to assess the probability whether we can actually know from that amount of data that it is low probability unlikely that that combination is going to be beneficial for the patients. If thats the case the SMB will tell us and well stop the study. If they see something that we cannot conclude that then we will restart enrollment and complete the study. And thats really the way its going to rollout. I would also note that the  even if the study continues we dont know fore sure and we really wont know that the study is going to be positive until we get to the end. Its just that at that interim point, do we have enough information already to know that its not working, thats the way the analysis is structured. And then your other question about the pulmonary exacerbation and so forth, we will certainly collect that data, well look at it. Theres a different between saying that we have size study to fully power for versus that we will try to look and get all the information that we can out of this value.
Ying Huang: That was very helpful Jeff, can I just ask one follow-up. When the futility analysis conducted, is it at the end of 12-week or in the interim?
Jeff Leiden: We havent gotten to those details, but again its going to be and its of course going to depend on the rate of enrollment as well when we get to that 120, we have get the patients through some of that, get collect the data and allow time for the DMC to do the analysis.
Ian Smith: And Ying it gives me the opportunity to help you understand with disclosure around this as well, so we do not anticipate that there will be a disclosure top line or anything around the futility analysis at least positive. Well just continue to expand that study and recruit more patients, so that we will not making that announcement. The only announcement that you would hear around this futility assessment is if it was negative than we had said this, and we decided to curtail the study, and so before the question comes that our plan of disclosure around this as well.
Ying Huang: Thank you, Ian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Abrahams: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, commercial question on ivacaftor/lumacaftor, it seems as if theres a large number F508del Homozygous patients under age 12. And Im just curious if youve gotten a sense as to whether clinicians might treat any of these patients age 6 to 11 at launch and whether the drug might or the combo might be reimburse and when you have the results of that upcoming Phase III in patients age 6 to 11 and potentially expand the label into this younger population?
Ian Smith: Ill let Jeff Chodakewitz answer the question on the timing of the study in the 6 to 11 population. In terms of whether we might see usage in that population post approval now thats really very much a decision of the physician and the patient, but you raised one of the most important limitations there which is likely to be whether it would be reimbursed and given that the speciality products like CF products are managed with a pretty rigorous prior authorizations to the label my anticipation would be that it would be relatively few patients if any who are likely to be able to get access to the product until weve got an FDA approval for that here in the U.S. Thats not to say that certain patients and that physicians may seek to appeal that with their payer [ph] Im sure that will happen but I think its likely to be a very small number who actually are likely to get reimbursement after the launch later this year.
Jeffrey Leiden: And its Jeff,[Indiscernible] just to follow up. I think its really too early until we see what the rate of enrolment is for the to predict when the studies would be completed and be able to try out. I will note that there is a little bit of a difference as you probably remember between the U.S. and Europe and there is a smaller study, its focused primarily on pharmacokinetics and safety to support piling and ultimately approval in the U.S. while Europe has historically required larger studies with independent FXC [ph] data, so just to set the stage that the timing in the two areas will likely differ.
Brian Abrahams: Thats very helpful. Thanks so much.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hassemar [ph] from JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good afternoon guys thanks for squeezing me in. Most of my questions were asked already, but I have two quick ones for you. So first of all with the launch of the 809 KALYDECO combo expected later this year, what kind of impact do you expect this to have on enrolment in the Phase III study of 661 in homozygous patient if any. Do you open more sites in Europe to avoid a disruption given the different timelines there? And then secondly Im also curious how much of an impact FX has on your 2015 KALYDECO guidance? Thanks.
Jeffrey Leiden: Hi, so its Jeff Ill take the first one. One of the benefits of actually being able to accelerate the start of the 661 program particularly the homozygous study is that we do plan to enroll patients in the U.S. but we think now are starting this coming month. We are going to be able to get enrolment completed and actually hopefully have patient well into this study. So we dont, we think that thats really very consistent and then we can manage those issues. And we dont see it as a big breadth [ph] Going to the FX question I know its much a broad topic at this point. We actually gave guidance back at JPMorgan beginning of January we looked at the spot right to that point. We then did look to see what the ex U.S. revenues that were at potentially at risk to currency fluctuations. We dont see a big impact to our revenue line, we have a hedge program for our ex U.S. revenues both hedge against those revenues but also the natural hedge here for our investments in the different countries as well. And so we dont see a big impact to the revenue line because of that hedging program and we also compared it  at the beginning of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of [Indiscernible]
Unidentified Analyst: Well thanks very much. I have a question on expense thanks for the color. But given the development cost I think it was $570 million to $600 million mostly for CF. Could that line item potentially decline in 2016 and so Phase III you may have mostly completed 661?
Jeffrey Leiden: Thanks for the question, Howard. It helps me talk more broadly about lets say the direction of our operating, our expected direction of the operating investment. Clearly there is a great expectation on our revenue line which is significant growth. But as we look at the operating expense line moving from 2014 into2015 but then onwards we see this increase from 2014 into 2015 as I described in my remarks earlier today and thats because we are doing effectively two phase three studies through a long a lot of 2015. But then also we are supporting the launch of ivacaftor/lumacaftor to treat many more patients. And those are driving the increase between 2014 and 2015. However, as we look at 2015 into 2016 and 2017 we see a relatively little additional cost and the reason for that is because the company is now starting to move into a steady state. And when you look at all the different aspects of the company that drive the resulting operating expense we start becoming a steady state in the  we are committed to our levels of research. We like what weve got going on in research, we like the product and the production of the molecules that comes from our research investment. Our development pipeline or our clinical pipeline is phased now Phase I asset through to Phase III assets and we expect that to continue to roll so as a Phase III program comes to an end we had hoped that a Phase II program enters Phase III. So it rolls and then as far as the SG&A is concerned well our infrastructure is already exists to support the company at the scale it is and as Stuart has mentioned with the launch of ivacaftor/lumacaftor we are building out commercial infrastructure globally but that starts to hit steady state as well this interpretations that we think we will treat in the future. So it helps you understand why we look into 2016 and 2017 and talk about controlling of the operating expense once we make this increased investment from 2014 to 2015. For that reason bringing it back with a growth of a revenue line we do believe that in future years and the successful launch of ivacaftor/lumacaftor that we do actually turn the profitability and growth in earnings and cash flow. And we look to high operating margins.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Jeffrey Leiden: Thank you very much. That will conclude our call. We appreciate everybody joining us tonight. The Investors Relations team is going to be available tonight on [ph] the call if you have additional questions. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President  Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President of Global Medicines Development & Medical Affairs
Analysts: Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Chung - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Andrew R. Peters - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Wen Shi Robyn S. Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Catherine Hu - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Shin Kang - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kumaraguru Raja Yu Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Matthew Kelsey Harrison - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Yigal D. Nochomovitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Michael Partridge, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator, and good evening, everyone. Joining me on the call tonight are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer, will join us for Q&A. Our agenda tonight is as follows. Jeff will review the progress with our cystic fibrosis medicines in the context of our broader corporate vision. Stuart will review the third quarter performance of KALYDECO and will also discuss preparations for the launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. And to close, Ian will review the third quarter financial results and provide commentary on our expected financial profile moving forward. We will then open the call for your questions. We expect the call to run for no more than 45 minutes. You can access the webcast slides by going to the Events section of the Investor Relations page on our website, vrtx.com. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K and 10-Q, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding the ongoing development and potential commercialization of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor and those about Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our third quarter 2014 financial results press release. I would also refer you to Slide 4 of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael, and good evening, everyone. Our vision is to be a leader in discovering and developing therapies for cystic fibrosis and other serious diseases. We outlined the clear strategy over 2 years ago designed to establish a foundation for sustainable growth. And I'm happy to say, we are well along that path. Specifically, and more recently, clinical data presented at the North American CF Conference earlier this month showed just how far Vertex has come and supports our confidence in delivering more medicines to more CF patients. Our goal in CF is to reach the vast majority of people with CF and to continue to enhance the benefit for the patients that we treat. Let me summarize our recent progress. First, data presented at NACF in early October from the roll over study of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor showed sustained clinical benefits through 48 weeks of treatment and no new safety concerns, supporting the longer-term treatment for CF patients. We are on track to submit the NDA and MAA in the fourth quarter of this year for patients 12 and older with 2 copies of the Delta 508 mutation. Second, and also in early October, we provided an update to our VX-661 development plans. We now expect to initiate a pivotal Phase III program for VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor in the first half of 2015, pending regulatory discussions and data from the ongoing 12-week study in people with 2 copies of the Delta F508 mutation. We believe that VX-661 ivacaftor combination has the potential to benefit multiple patient populations and achieve a broad label. Third, last week, the FDA's Pulmonary Advisory Committee voted 13 to 2 to recommend approval of KALYDECO in people ages 6 and older who have the R117H mutation. This is an important step toward making ivacaftor available to the approximately 500 people in the U.S. ages 6 and older who have this mutation. And lastly, during the third quarter, we've strengthened our financial position by adding $300 million to our balance sheet through a new credit agreement. With approximately $1.5 billion in cash and the successful progression of our CF medicines, we are well-positioned for future growth. Our financial strength gives us the flexibility as we work to further enhance the treatment of cystic fibrosis and develop innovative new medicines to treat other serious diseases. In summary, we are transforming the treatment of cystic fibrosis with medicines that address the underlying cause of the disease. We are advancing our earlier stage science and pipeline, and we are positioning the company for sustainable revenue and earnings growth. I'll now hand the call over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Tonight, I'll review the third quarter sales of KALYDECO that continued to reflect strong underlying demand driven by label and geographic expansion. I will also discuss how the commercial organization is preparing for the approval and launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. KALYDECO generated $127 million in product sales, including U.S. sales of approximately $74 million and x U.S. sales of approximately $53 million. Underlying demand and adherence in G551D patients continue to be strong, both in the U.S. and internationally. U.S. sales reflect continued uptake in the 8 additional mutations approved earlier this year, and $7 million of buying accelerated into the third quarter from the fourth quarter due to a change in our distribution model, which went into effect on October 1. This change provides scalability in anticipation of the larger F508del patient population. Due to this stocking in the third quarter, reported sales for the fourth quarter will be impacted. We expect to end this year with approximately 2,600 patients eligible for KALYDECO and momentum with multiple growth drivers going forward based on further geographic and label expansions. In Europe, we are working closely with national authorities to achieve reimbursement to make KALYDECO available to the approximately 200 people ages 6 and older who have 1 of 8 non-G551D gating mutations. In Canada, 6 provinces and territories have added KALYDECO to their public drug programs, and patients are beginning to initiate therapy. These provinces and territories account for approximately 80% of the 60 G551D patients who have public insurance in Canada. In Australia, the government recently announced that KALYDECO is expected to be listed on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme as of December 1. There are approximately 250 people with CF aged 6 years and older who are expected to be eligible for treatment with KALYDECO in Australia. In the U.S., the FDA Advisory Committee voted 13 to 2 in favor approval for KALYDECO in people with the R117H mutation ages 6 and older. The FDA is expected to make a decision on our application by December 30, 2014. We have also filed an MAA in the EU during the quarter. There are approximately 1,100 patients ages 6 and older with the R117H mutation around the world. And lastly, we submitted an NDA in the U.S. and an MAA in the EU for the approval of ivacaftor in children with CF ages 2 to 5 who have gating mutations. There are approximately 300 of these children with CF around the world. As we move through 2015, we expect that the number of patients eligible for KALYDECO will increase from 2,600 to nearly 4,000 by the end of 2015. Although, all eligible patients will not be on treatment next year, we expect significant growth in 2015. Now to the combination of lumacaftor and ivacaftor. We are on track to submit the NDA and MAA in the fourth quarter, and we will be requesting priority review in the U.S. If granted priority review by the FDA, the submission would qualify for an 8-month review and a potential mid-2015 launch in the U.S. There are approximately 22,000 people ages 12 and older who have 2 copies of the F508del mutation in North America, Europe and Australia, including approximately 8,500 in the United States and approximately 12,000 in Europe. We are expanding our infrastructure in anticipation of the launch and working to understand how CF centers plan to manage the increased volume of patients eligible for a CF modulator. In the U.S. we are in the process of hiring additional case managers who help providers and patients navigate the reimbursement process and help with patient education and compliance. Internationally, we have a plan in place to build out the required infrastructure in new markets to support the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination launch. In summary, we're pleased with the progress we are making with KALYDECO as it continues to be made available to more patients globally. Also, our launch preparations for the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination are well underway, and we look forward to bringing this transformational medicine to CF patients once approved. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening everyone. In my remarks tonight, I will review our financial results, update our guidance for the rest of the year and give some thoughts about our financial profile as we move into 2015. First to the financials. This quarter, we generated $165 million in total GAAP revenues that include KALYDECO revenues of $127 million. The KALYDECO revenues increased compared to third quarter 2013 as we continued to expand the number of patients we treat. Also, this quarter, we recognized $30 million in revenue from our recent out licensing of VX-787, our novel flu medicine, to Janssen. Our third quarter non-GAAP total operating expenses were $212 million, a decrease of $62 million compared to the third quarter of last year. This reflects our prioritization towards CF medicines and cost reductions relating to prior investments in HCV and other areas. More specifically, our non-GAAP R&D expenses were $157 million for the third quarter of 2014, a reduction of $43 million compared to the third quarter of 2013. Our non-GAAP SG&A expenses were $55 million for the third quarter of 2014 compared to $74 million in the same quarter of last year. We will continue to focus on cost control and prioritization of our investments, consistent with the growth and value drivers of our business. The non-GAAP loss was $86 million or $0.37 per share compared to the prior year loss of $74 million. This increased loss was the result of significantly reduced and now excluded HCV revenues in 2014. Now to update our 2014 financial guidance. Earlier this year, we provided guidance that non-GAAP total revenues were forecast at $520 million to $550 million for the full year. We are now narrowing that range to $525 million to $535 million. We also provided KALYDECO revenue guidance of $470 million to $500 million based on expected timing of approvals for label expansion and reimbursement in certain countries. We now expect KALYDECO revenues to be approximately $460 million for the full year, which translates to a fourth quarter revenue of approximately $120 million. This reduction in the KALYDECO revenue range is principally due to the delayed access to patients in Australia, which has now been resolved. With recent regulatory submissions and approvals for reimbursement, we are in a strong position to see continued growth in KALYDECO revenues in 2015. Specifically, we could see eligible patients increase from 2,600 today to nearly 4,000 by the end of 2015, although we don't expect all eligible patients to be on treatment by the end of next year. Now to the operating expenses. We're also narrowing our non-GAAP operating expenses to $910 million to $920 million from the previously guided $890 million to $930 million. This narrowed guidance includes accelerated investments as we prepare for VX-661 pivotal program to begin in the first half of 2015. Now to our outlook for 2015. In CF, we expect to treat significantly more patients in 2015, which will require investment in supporting the ivacaftor/lumacaftor combination launch, building inventory and establishing a larger international presence. We therefore anticipate an increased SG&A investment compared to 2014. And from an R&D expense perspective, we will increase the investment as we begin pivotal development of VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor while still maintaining investment in lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination for patients who remain on long-term extension study through 2015. Overall, we expect the total operating expenses will be higher in 2015 compared to 2014. However, we will continue to control our operating expenses in future years as we make progress towards being a steady-state fully resourced company. I'll close by stating we are focused on delivering a financial profile consistent with our large-cap biotech peers that includes significant revenue and earnings growth and high operating margins. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, just on -- sorry, I jumped on a little bit late, but KALYDECO for R117H in Europe, can you just tell us what age range you filed for approval there for that indication? And then another question, the same question was with respect to the 661 in KALYDECO Phase III trial. Have you guys selected a dose there for 661 yet? And if not, what's going to drive that decision?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So on your questions, for R117H, we did file for greater than 18. As you may know, the -- there are differences in how regulatory agencies in the EU and the U.S. think about data for pediatrics. We now have been gone through the AC and we can engage in a little bit in that conversation with them, but that was the filing. In terms of the 661 ivacaftor program, we do choose a dose and the dose is 100 milligrams of 661 and the standard 150 twice daily for ivacaftor.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow up on Europe. Does that mean you guys might have the opportunity to go back to them and ask them for a lower age range on R117H?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: No, I think that the expectation is that it's going to focus on greater than 18. But, of course, we're going to have the discussion because of the need for patients as we spoke about with the U.S. Advisory Committee. I really can't predict more than that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
John Chung - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is John on behalf of Michael Yee. As we look forward to the 12-week Phase IIb data for VX-661 combo we expect in early 2015, is there a minimum threshold you're looking for in terms of efficacy, such as FEV1 or sweat chloride that would give you confidence that in fact 661 is leading to better efficacy and thus reasonable to invest and go ahead with the extensive Phase III trial as planned for the combo?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz again. So I think really what we're looking forward to there is 2 things. One is to get confirmation in what we've been seeing already in 4-week data, and the other, of course, is that this is the longest period of time that we'll have studied the combination. So we'll also be confirming that the favorable safety profile continues. I don't think there's any one number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Roden from UBS.
Andrew R. Peters - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Andrew Peters in for Matt. I was just curious, as you prepare for the approval or potential approval on launch of the combination next year, I'm curious as to what you've learned with -- from KALYDECO in terms of reimbursement and pricing x U.S. that you can apply hopefully to kind of speed up the reimbursement process. Just thinking of delays that you saw with the NI -- with -- in the U.K. as well as places like Australia.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, the first thing I would say is, actually, we were able to secure reimbursement for KALYDECO in Europe, I think really very quickly indeed. The U.K., although it's 5 separate countries, England we managed to secure reimbursement in about 7 months, which I would say is remarkably fast for an ultra-orphan product like KALYDECO, which I think is a testament to a couple of things, which I think do form the foundation of our learnings as we think about the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. And the first one is this is a really serious illness with few treatment options. The second thing is that these are breakthrough medicines that treat the underlying cause of the disease and really work incredibly well in children and adults with CF. And so the combination of those 2 things, I think, is what has led us to be able to have very productive, challenging at times, but productive and ultimately successful reimbursement discussions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein.
Wen Shi: This is Wen Shi here for Geoff. Some questions about the 661 Phase III study. [indiscernible] so what are some of the gating factors for the start of these studies or is -- are you waiting for the 12-week data in-hand before you kind of sort of finalize the Phase III plan? Are you looking for FDA meetings and those kind of things? And also a related one, right, so for the gating mutation patients, are you looking to conduct head-to-head studies versus KALYDECO with the combination in the potential to replace KALYDECO in those patient population?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think maybe a couple of comments. I think, in terms of factors or -- that we're looking for information from, I think you hit on the 2 main ones. Of course, we're going to -- as we were just talking about, get the data from our 12-week study. And then importantly, we need to speak about our plans with regulatory agencies. So I think that, that's really -- those are going to be the big drivers, and we think that, that will be consistent with our first half start, as Jeff Leiden has said. I think in terms of the patients who have already KALYDECO use indicated for them, I think what we're really doing is building off the observation that we had in our Phase II study. And you may remember that where we had patients who had a G551D mutation on 1 allele, and we're already taking KALYDECO, but also had a F508del mutation on the other allele. And in that study, we're able to show by randomizing patients to 661 or placebo that those patients got incremental benefit, which we think was an important observation. I think the details of the study really still, of course, needs to be worked through, as I said, with regulatory agencies.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Unknown Analyst: This is Mr. Robyn Karnauskas [ph] sitting in for Mark. The question I had -- I have has to do with the third-generation -- or I guess, the next-generation corrector that potentially form the triplet [ph] therapy. I'm just curious, I know that when it comes to the clinic next year, sort of trying to predict a time frame is very difficult, to be given the number of drugs in the mix. I was wondering if you -- maybe there's a way to appreciate. So -- maybe how quickly -- so maybe not how long it would take but maybe how quickly theoretically it actually could come to the market? So maybe frame the other end of that.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: I think what we've said before -- this is Jeff Leiden, sorry, what we said before is we plan to have at least one and hopefully, more than one of those next generation, third-generation correctors in the clinic next year and, obviously, the development path for those will be Phase I study single-dose and multi ascending dose first to ensure safety then followed by combination studies. And so I think, you can sort of do the math, as well as we can in terms of how long these studies take, they'll look a lot like our initial studies of KALYDECO and 809. And obviously, our goal is to get to the combination trials in Phase II where we've been able to demonstrate efficacy with our other drugs as quickly as possible.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn S. Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just coming off of NACF, I was just curious, I guess we also had heard some of the centers were just very busy with patients. Just sort of concerns around the flow of patients into the NACF or into the cystic fibrosis centers. I was just wondering about that flow. You were talking about concerns around launching into a bigger CF population. And given it seem like there was flow problems already, what are you doing now to sort of prep for the number of patients that are going to have to be treated with the new regimen?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: It's Stuart. Yes, it's a great question, and it is a topic that we've been discussing with CF centers recently, both here in the U.S. and internationally because it is a concern for them. And the reason why it's a concern for them is not because they're going to be seeing more patients than they currently are looking after. It's more to do with the fact that when you're initiating a new therapy, obviously there's a number of steps that you need to go through to initiate that new therapy. There'll be things you need to do in terms of working up the patient. There is -- probably one of their primary concerns is the administration associated with securing reimbursement and access and going through the approval process with whatever plan or reimbursement or authority might be covering that patient's prescription. So that's why one of the things that we're doing in terms of expanding our footprint is expanding, in the U.S. for instance, in our case management team. That case management team's primary role in life is helping providers and patients navigate the reimbursement and access kind of maze and also providing education and compliance support. And so that's one of the things that we're doing, and obviously we're going to be trying to do other things to really try and help smooth that administrative burden for the CF centers so that they can triage their patients onto a therapy as quickly as they want to.
Operator: And our next question comes from Liisa Bayko from JPM Securities (sic) [JMP Securities].
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: First of all, can you just tell us if you're expecting an Ad Com for the upcoming combination for the homozygous patients?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff. I think, we really just don't know yet. That's a determination that the FDA will make during the review process.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just, again, coming off of the NACFC conference, there was quite a bit of discussion about reimbursement. How are you thinking about pricing from the combination relative to ivacaftor, both domestically and other territories? If you can just provide us a framework.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, Liisa, obviously, it's premature to make any very specific comments about pricing the combination. I can tell you the sorts of factors that we're taking into account. The first one is how well the medicine works for children and adults with CF. As you know, it's a breakthrough medicine, which treats the underlying cause of the disease and as a result has kind of multiple benefits across a range of different dimensions, obviously, things like FEV1. But important aspects like exacerbations, hospitalizations, time in hospital, things that we know are of great concern and high value to patients, payers and to patients. So the first determiner really is how well the medicine works. The second one is the size of the population that we're hoping to benefit. The third area is really reflecting the time and expense that have taken us to develop the combination. And then lastly, is our ability to continue on our mission, which is to continue to bring transformative medicines to patients who need them in cystic fibrosis and also in other conditions where they are equally serious where there's very few treatment options. So really, those are the 3 or 4 things that we'll be taking into account as we think about the price of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, just a final question about your guidance. It looks like when we take out some of the one-time kind of events, it's flat... [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: We lost her. And our next question comes from Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Catherine Hu - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is actually Catherine for Ying. Just a couple. What are your reasoning behind skipping a Phase II trial for VX-661 in the heterozygous patient population and kind of heading straight into the Phase III? And then secondly, are there any restrictions on the reimbursement in Australia? And is payment contingent on achieving outcomes, such as FEV1 improvement?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff. I'll take the first part and then turn it over to Stuart. I think that the reasons for going directly as we've talked about to the [indiscernible] population are a couple. One is that the -- there are some characteristics about 661 that are somewhat different than 809, which we think could convey a benefit. Secondly, that in some of the clinical studies that we perform to date in Phase II, there are some signals that there's some potential advantages for 661. And then the third part is really the medical need for those patients. So it really is we've recognized a higher risk group of patients, but it's a group of patients that don't have access right now to a therapy that's directed at the underlying cause of the disease. And so we think it's valuable to find out whether 661 with ivacaftor can offer a benefit. The last thing I would just note is that the way we're restructuring the program is that there really are 4 different studies. And so even if we're hoping that, that study will work for patients, but if it doesn't, there's still then multiple pivotal trials to support filing and approval.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And on the reimbursement in Australia. The specific terms of our agreement in Australia are obviously confidential. What I can tell you is that we've reached an agreement where all eligible patients will have access to KALYDECO and that no patient types are going to be excluded from reimbursement and also no patients are going to have their access for therapy interrupted as a result of stopping rules. And that's really consistent with our belief that patients should only be discontinuing treatment if they and their physician think that's the best clinical decision for them.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo.
Shin Kang - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is Shin calling in for Brian. Related to the FDA panels, favorable vote on 117H for broader population of patients. It was quite apparent that if the questions were posed to the panel, if they were segmented by age, perhaps the votes might have reflected some reservations among the panel members. I was curious to hear your thoughts on the way the questions were constructed and what that might suggest about FDA's thinking in terms of approving the drug in children, given the study didn't meet the endpoint in that population.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: This is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we were quite pleased with the vote, and we think it reflects 2 things: one, the results of the trial, which we thought were quite clear; and two, I think a real understanding among the panel members that there -- our populations of patients at all ages, in other words all ages greater than 6, who are sick with CF and who can benefit from the drug. And we think that discussion was a very good and lively one and that the conclusion of the vote represented really those 2 factors.
Operator: And our next question comes from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to understand the guidance. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, it looks a little flattish when we take out some of the one-time events. And so I'm wondering if we could -- if you could just comment on that. And then maybe in the context of that, are you seeing any sort of discontinuations? I heard anecdotally that patients feel so good that sometimes they don't need to take their medications. I just wanted to ask if you've kind of -- if there is some sort of discontinuation rate or lack of compliance.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Liisa, thanks for the question. I'll take the first one and Stuart may take -- I think what you're referring to, rather than discontinuation, is more likely adherence and compliance and Stuart can take that. When you talk about the guidance, I assume you're referring to the KALYDECO revenues, which yes, you are correct. When they -- there is an anomaly in the third quarter number we reported, which we reported $127 million. Within that $127 million, there is $7 million of let's call it accelerated stocking. We changed that distribution channel as of September 30, and there were some buy in by the distributors prior to 1st of October. What that did is it brought $7 million of medicines, let's say, into the third quarter. Without that, we would've reported $120 million and would expect the fourth quarter to be $127 million. So that's the only item. So as you can see, the natural demand for KALYDECO and the usage by patients continues to grow quarter-on-quarter if you see it this year, which is what we expect. Then the other comment I made earlier was as we look into 2015, we're currently eligible for around 2,600 patients. But with the approvals and the approvals for reimbursement that we've got recently, we can see by the end of 2015, that we should be eligible to treat approximately 4,000 patients. So there's a nice growth curve there for KALYDECO through this year and then on to next year. And Stuart?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes. In terms of persistence and compliance with KALYDECO, Liisa, not entirely sure what you've heard anecdotally. But if I look at it kind of holistically, across all of the markets where we've introduced KALYDECO, there is a very, very low level of discontinuation. Certainly, discontinuations for efficacy being too good and also, we see very, very high compliance rates up in the 80%, which for a chronic medication is as high as I've ever seen personally. So whilst you might have heard some of these things anecdotally, I think big picture, when you look at it on a population basis, persistence and compliance are both very, very high with KALYDECO.
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Werber from Citigroup.
Kumaraguru Raja: This is Kumara in for Yaron. There were lot of data presented at NACFC on the long-term benefits of KALYDECO. Are you able to discuss with [indiscernible] and probably get like reimbursed in a better manner? Or what are you guys doing about that?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: There was some data presented at NACFC, and we are able to talk with some of that -- about some of that data to insurers and reimbursement authorities and have been talking with them about the data that we have on KALYDECO and its long-term benefits for some time. So yes, we have, and I think that data is always appreciated by them as, obviously, this is a chronic medication for a chronic condition. So that information is certainly of some value to them as they can see the consistency and durability of responses that we see and also the ability that KALYDECO has demonstrated to be able to change the natural course of the disease.
Kumaraguru Raja: And any update on licensing VX-509 out?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: No, there's no update at this point.
Operator: And our next question comes from Katherine Xu from William Blair.
Yu Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I'm just wondering, Stuart, can you just quantify a little bit the increase of SG&A next year as you launch the double combo? And also another question, probably for Jeff, from a theoretical perspective, I'm sure you're conducting a lot of experiments with other compounds as well. Is the combination of the 1 potentiator plus 2 corrector potentially versus 1 corrector and 1 potentiator plus another one with some kind of other means of action, do you see, so far, any differences? And do you think that your methodology would come out a strong one next year?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Katherine, I'll take both of those questions, thanks. So as I mentioned earlier on the call, we're not really in a position to quantify the incremental investment in SG&A for 2015. Although I have to make comments as in -- and it's difficult without giving a number to say whether it's significant or insignificant as you may view it. But the way we look at this is that we're launching a very important medicine in the U.S. in the middle of next year, we hope. And therefore, we want to support that through awareness and also getting fast access to the drug. That's principally where the investment is. As you know, given the already high awareness for this combination medicine and the -- both from patients and physicians, the challenge for us in reaching patients as fast as possible is actually helping them with access. That's where the principal investment will be. This is not a typical drug launch where you've got consumer brand advertising. It's more about helping access to patients. And so we look at it as a spot launch. And as I said on earlier, we also look, as we go forward in future years, that we want to hold operating costs, those our R&D and SG&A expenses, to really get leverage off of growing revenue line, which creates the growing earnings and cash flow. And then the second question regarding, let's say, more of a broader business development strategy and how we think about combination medicines of those next generations that we have within Vertex. We are looking at the full field. It's the #1 priority in our business development efforts at this point in time. We do see opportunity, both internal, and we have multiple next-generation compounds that act in different ways that we may be able to combine with lumacaftor and ivacaftor or with 661. And so we have great opportunity there within Vertex. When we go outside the walls of Vertex, we also see opportunities and whether it's directly on target of how we think about CFTR modulation or whether it's with other complementary mechanisms, we see a couple of opportunities there as well. They tend to be earlier stage, but we do see opportunities, and I think hopefully, the other side of this is the other companies see opportunities of working with us given our advanced nature of our medicines to date.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelsey Harrison - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just want to ask a question about pricing and reimbursement. When you think about Europe, as you try to expand the label with some additional gating mutations, would that require you to go back and renegotiate pricing? Or only when you have a substantial change like the combo?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, thanks. I think it's important when thinking about gating to put a few things into context. So the first one is that the additional gating mutations account for somewhere around 400 patients worldwide, about 250 of which are in the EU. So it's a relatively small number of patients. The other thing to know about the patients with additional gating mutations is that some of them are in markets where KALYDECO has already been reviewed by their health technology assessment agencies like, for instance, England. But many of those patients are in new markets where KALYDECO really hasn't gone through a full reimbursement assessment. That's because they have such a small number of G551D patients. A good example there would be Italy. So it really is going to be negotiated on a country-by-country basis. The last thing I would say is that we do know that KALYDECO in these additional gating mutations performs pretty much identically to how it performs in G551D patients. And so the value proposition, if you want to describe it that way, is really the same in gating patients as it is in the G551D population.
Operator: Our last question comes from Yigal Nochomovitz from Oppenheimer.
Yigal D. Nochomovitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just want on the cash balance and your strategic strategy going forward, with some of the next-generation correctors. You suggested at the NACFC event that you could see some deals and collaborations with some of the smaller next-generation corrector players in the coming months. So I just wondered if you could elaborate a bit on your strategy there and whether you'd be open to a strategy where you could test internally developed correctors and the externally sourced correctors in a parallel fashion.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So yes. So that was actually the answer I gave on the prior question, which is, yes, we -- I start, first of all, inside Vertex, which is we have multiple next-generation correctors. And as you know, we have a great belief in our HBE assays. And so we're doing all the usual work there. They've tended to translate right into clinical results. And then as we go outside of Vertex, there are a number of companies that have, a couple of companies have a similar approach to ourselves and those could be interesting. And we need to compare those opportunities with what we have internally in terms of adding next-generation type molecules to the portfolio. And then I would say there are other mechanisms that would be complementary to our approach that may provide additive benefit. And so we give consideration to those as well. I appreciate you pointing out the strong balance sheet. That gives us our opportunity to participate in these opportunities. And we hope to bring more information to you in the future on this.
Yigal D. Nochomovitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one quick question on the guidance. If you net out the KALYDECO guidance revision, it seems that you're raising the non-KALYDECO guidance from $50 million to $65 million to $75 million. Could you just clarify exactly what's going on there? What's driving that?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So I haven't specifically done that math. But if there is something that's driving the non-KALYDECO, the only thing I would start with the only non-KALYDECO revenue items are collaborative revenues and royalties. And the significant transaction this year that's contributing to that line is the outlicensing of VX-787, the flu molecule, to J&J.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: We appreciate you dialing in tonight. If there are additional questions, the Investors Relations team is in the office and can take your call. Thanks, and have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President of Global Medicines Development & Medical Affairs Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President  Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Chung - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Wen Shi Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Kumaraguru Raja Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Brienne Kugler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Yigal D. Nochomovitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Michael Partridge. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator, and good evening, everyone. Joining me on the call tonight are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda tonight is as follows: Jeff will begin by reviewing key priorities for our business, then Jeff Chodakewitz will discuss our progress with our cystic fibrosis development programs and our strategy from here. Next, Stuart will discuss second quarter product revenues and the outlook for KALYDECO growth, and will also review preparations for launch of the lumacaftor and ivacaftor combination. To close, Ian will review the second quarter financial results and provide commentary on our expected financial profile moving forward. We plan for the call to run for approximately 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] You can access the webcast slides by going to the Event section of the Investor Relations page on our website. I will remind you that we will make forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and our 10-K and 10-Q, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding the ongoing development of potential commercialization of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, and Vertex's other cystic fibrosis programs are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our second quarter 2014 financial results press release. The press release is on our website, and I would also refer you to Slide 4 of tonight's webcast. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael, and good evening. Last month, we shared positive results from our 2 Phase III studies of lumacaftor and ivacaftor in people with cystic fibrosis who have 2 copies of the F508del mutation. These results have given great hope and optimism to patients and families with this disease and to the physicians and health care professionals who treat them. As a company, we have also greatly increased our understanding of CFTR correctors and the assays we used to evaluate our medicines during the last several years. Together, these developments provide us with further scientific validation for our ongoing efforts to develop transformative medicines that provide increased benefit for the vast majority of cystic fibrosis patients. The Phase III results also increased our confidence that we can achieve our vision to be a leader in developing therapies for cystic fibrosis and innovative new medicines to treat other serious diseases, and to achieve our financial goals of delivering long-term sustainable growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow. Today, I will review our 3 strategic priorities for achieving our vision as a company. Priority one is to transform the treatment of cystic fibrosis with medicines that address the underlying cause of the disease. CF affects 75,000 children and adults in North America, Europe and Australia and is one of the most prevalent orphan diseases. Slide 5 outlines our strategy to treat the vast majority of people with CF and also to further enhance the benefit for those we treat. With the clinical data we have today, we believe we are on track with this strategy. KALYDECO is available today for people with the G551D and other gating mutations, and we have the potential to treat many more people based on our label expansion efforts for KALYDECO monotherapy. Jeff Chodakewitz will describe the details of these studies in his remarks. With the positive Phase III data for the lumacaftor and ivacaftor combination announced in June, we are now in the cusp of significantly expanding the number of CF patients who can benefit from our medicines. But even with the success of the TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies and the momentum that we have created, our work in CF is far from done. We are evaluating the potential of our medicines in younger children and new groups of people with CF. And as we expand the number of people our medicines treat, we continue to seek ways to enhance the clinical benefit with next-generation medicines and other combination regimens. We are deeply committed to being the leader in CF therapies, and we'll maintain and build on our leadership by continuing to invest in our CF programs and by pursuing external opportunities that complement our internal efforts. Our second strategic priority is to invest to advance our pipeline. We have a productive research engine that has created numerous innovative medicines over the last decade. We will seek to bring new medicines from our research labs into the clinic in the months and years ahead in a number of key specialty disease areas outside of CF. We are also continually surveying the landscape for potential medicines outside Vertex that create transformative opportunities in other serious disease areas of interest. Executing well on our first 2 priorities will enable our third strategic priority, which is to achieve sustainable long-term growth in revenues, earnings and cash flows to allow us to continue to both invest in our business and to deliver superior returns for our shareholders. We have a strong financial position, nearly $1.5 billion in cash. And even as we grow our top line, we see our overall expense profile remaining roughly similar to where it is today. The strategy that we articulated 2.5 years ago has remained consistent, and we have continued to execute against that strategy. This execution has fundamentally changed the outlook for our business, increasing confidence in our plans for the future and for people with CF and their families. Now I'll hand it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening. In my remarks, I will review the progress we've made on advancing our development programs in cystic fibrosis and highlight further potential developments we anticipate in the coming months. We have learned a lot from the clinical results we've obtained from numerous studies over the past year, and this knowledge positions us to further advance our CF pipeline and treat more people with this disease. Stepping back, what differentiates our CF program is our CF research platform. This platform has enabled us to select molecules that, in human bronchial epithelial cells isolated from CF patients, restore CFTR protein function and address the underlying cause of disease. The in vitro results have turned out to be highly predictive of clinical benefit across many studies. And the mechanism of action restoring CFTR protein function has proved to be differentiated in terms of the breadth of clinical benefit that patients experience. Now numerous clinical results over the past year have both further validated the predictive ability of our CF research platform and opened the door to treating many more patients, including those homozygous for the most common mutation F508del. First, I'll highlight our progress in establishing the benefit of KALYDECO monotherapy for more people with CF. We have confirmed KALYDECO's clinical benefit in patients with 8 additional mutations similar to G551D, and we received regulatory approval for these patients in the U.S. earlier in 2014. We anticipate EU approval in the second half of this year. We submitted an sNDA in June and an MAA variation in July for KALYDECO monotherapy in patients 18 years of age and over with the R117H mutation. Additionally, we announced in May positive data from a proof-of-concept study in 24 people with CF who have residual function mutations. We plan to initiate a Phase III study this year in people with residual function mutations that will evaluate longer duration treatment with ivacaftor and perhaps treatment with combined therapy, pending the progress of VX-661 and discussions with regulatory agencies. As we seek to expand KALYDECO use in younger patients, we have now conducted a PK and safety study in people with CF ages 2 to 5 with gating mutations. We expect to report the data from that study in the third quarter of this year and potentially file an NDA, utilizing a child-friendly formulation of KALYDECO in the fourth quarter of this year. I will just close with KALYDECO by mentioning that one of the most interesting and encouraging recent findings has been long-term data in G551D patients. At ECFS in June, we showed that KALYDECO reduced the rate of decline in lung function over time by nearly 50% in G551D patients, which suggests that CFTR modulation can change the course of the disease. It is important to remember that people with severe forms of CF, such as those with G551D or F508del, typically lose nearly 2% of lung function each year. Thus, these results for KALYDECO give a broader view on the importance of our CF medicines over time. With combination therapy, we reported the positive results in late June from the Phase III TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies, which showed improvement in FEV1 and other measures, including pulmonary exacerbations in patients homozygous for the F508del mutation. We devoted a call last month to discussing these results, and I won't review the data here but we are very encouraged by the positive feedback we continue to receive from the medical and patient communities. We will submit the NDA on a rolling basis. We expect to submit the first sections this week and to complete the submission for ages 12 and older in the fourth quarter. As part of the registration program for the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination, we conducted an exploratory study in patients who have one copy of the F508del mutation and a second mutation that is not responsive to either ivacaftor or lumacaftor alone. We reported data today from an 8-week study of lumacaftor plus ivacaftor in this population. Although we did not see efficacy, this was consistent with our expectations and belief that a triple combination will provide us with the best chance to benefit these patients. Importantly, the safety results are consistent with the homozygous population and support our NDA and MAA filings. These results confirm our belief that we will need a different combination to be able to treat the F508del heterozygous patients who have a second allele that doesn't respond to a corrector or potentiator. Behind lumacaftor is another first-generation corrector, VX-661, which may have a role in helping to treat 3 different populations: KALYDECO-responsive patients with F508del on the other allele; F508del homozygous patients; and patients with F508del on one allele and another mutation on the other allele that is not responsive to a corrector or potentiator. We are currently conducting a 12-week study of VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor in F508del homozygous patients, and we expect to have results in early 2015. We could consider clinical studies of a dual combination of VX-661 with ivacaftor for any or all of the 3 previously mentioned groups. Additionally, we anticipate pursuing a triple combination in the future with VX-661 and ivacaftor, along with the next-generation corrector. We currently have several next-generation corrector compounds in the lead optimization stage of research. Significant work remains to be done to move these into the clinic. But based on our progress, we plan to begin clinical development in 2015. In summary, our CF development over the first half of 2014 has taught us a great deal about the clinical validity of our research platform, the ability of our approach to fundamentally change the course of the disease and the potential to optimize therapy by treating each allele. We believe we are poised to treat many more patients and enhance the benefit for the patients we treat. With that, I will hand it over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Tonight, I'll talk about our second quarter sales performance and the key drivers of KALYDECO growth for the rest of the year. I'd also like to discuss the priorities for the commercial organization as we prepare for the approval and launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. Total product revenues were $122 million in the second quarter. The vast majority were KALYDECO, but I will note that INCIVEK generated $9 million in the quarter. So turning to KALYDECO. KALYDECO generated $113 million in product sales in the second quarter, including U.S. sales of approximately $63 million and international sales of approximately $50 million. This represents an increase of $14 million over Q1 2014. Underlying demand and adherence in G551D patients continue to be strong, both in the U.S. and internationally. The growth was primarily a result of the expansion of the KALYDECO label by adding 8 additional mutations in the U.S., as well as treating some more people with G551D in Europe. The uptake in patients with the additional mutations is in line with what we experienced in bringing G551D patients onto therapy, and the majority of the eligible patients are already on therapy. We hope to reach nearly all of the approximately 150 eligible children and adults in the U.S. by year end. Label and geographic expansion remained the key long-term growth drivers for KALYDECO. We were pleased to receive a positive opinion from the CHMP in the second quarter, recommending the approval of KALYDECO for people with CF ages 6 and older who have one of 8 non-G551D gating mutations. The CHMP's positive opinion will now be reviewed by the European commission, and we anticipate approval in the second half of this year. There are approximately 250 children and adults ages 6 and older who have one of these additional mutations in Europe. In Canada and Australia, making KALYDECO available to the approximately 300 people with the G551D mutation was and remains an important objective this year. We've made good progress in Canada. The letter of intent signed in June with the pan-Canadian Pricing Alliance is an important step toward eligible Canadians receiving KALYDECO through public reimbursement. However, our work is not complete until each province has added KALYDECO to its individual drug program, which has to happen before people can get access to this medicine. Ontario and Alberta have added KALYDECO to their product listing agreements, and patients are beginning to be initiated in these 2 important provinces that account for over 1/2 of the G551D patients in Canada. We share the urgency of the CF community to bring this process to a successful conclusion, and we will work as quickly as the other provinces are able so that people can receive KALYDECO without delay. In Australia, it has been 16 months since our first reimbursement submission and the CF community is unfortunately still waiting for access to KALYDECO. Despite being offered a price equivalent to the best in the world, Australia is unique in not providing reimbursement. And in addition, seeking to impose criteria, which would effectively lead to 1/2 of patients not having access to KALYDECO. We believe that all eligible Australian children and adults should have the opportunity to receive KALYDECO. We remain committed to trying to reach an agreement and are waiting to hear back from the Department of Health on our proposal submitted in May. Turning now to the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination and our launch preparations. We expect to add additional positions to our commercial team toward the end of the year to support both the increased number of patients in existing countries and expansion into new countries. One area of build-out is here in the U.S. where we'll be adding more case managers to our patient services team who help providers and patients navigate the reimbursement process, as well as help with education and compliance. Internationally, we will need to establish a presence in some new countries: in Central, Southern and Eastern Europe, and also Latin America, in order to meet the needs of people with this more prevalent form of CF. Although we will be expanding to many more countries, the incremental investment is relatively small given the limited sales and marketing infrastructure needed in each country. In summary, we are pleased with the progress we are making with KALYDECO as it continues to be made available to more patients who could benefit, and we are maintaining our KALYDECO net revenue guidance for the year. Also, our launch preparations for the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination are well underway, and we are focused on bringing this transformational medicine to as many CF patients around the world as soon as possible. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening, everyone. In my remarks tonight, I will review our financial results and then discuss near-term financial metrics that reflect our longer-term financial expectations of the business. First are the financials. This quarter, we generated $122 million in total non-GAAP revenues, which included KALYDECO revenues of $113 million. The KALYDECO revenues are up 15% versus the second quarter of 2013 as we continue to expand the number of patients we treat. Our second quarter non-GAAP total operating expenses were $237 million, a decrease of $44 million compared to the second quarter of last year. Within our operating expenses, our non-GAAP R&D expenses were $179 million for the second quarter of 2014, a reduction of $11 million compared to the second quarter of 2013. And non-GAAP SG&A expenses were $58 million for the second quarter of 2014 compared to $90 million in the second quarter of last year. As we have stated, these reductions in operating expenses, overall, reflect Vertex's decreased investments in hepatitis C and a refocus towards CF medicines. Our non-GAAP net loss was $142 million or $0.61 per share compared to prior year net loss of $6 million. This increase loss was the result of significantly reduced, now excluded, HCV [ph] revenues in 2014. The key priority entering this year as we move through an investment period was to maintain financial strength and position the company for future revenue and earnings growth driven by the success of our CF medicines. I'm happy to report that at the end of the second quarter, we have achieved both: a strong financial position; and the successful progression of our CF medicines that position us for our future financial growth. Additionally, following the positive Phase III data for the ivacaftor/lumacaftor combination, which provided greater confidence in our future growth, we signed a credit agreement for $500 million; $300 million of which we added to our balance sheet in July, giving us now nearly $1.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on our balance sheet. This additional cash strengthens our balance sheet and provides added flexibility as we work to further enhance treatment of cystic fibrosis. Specifically, we expect to utilize this financial position to support collaborations in priority programs in CF and in other areas. Now to our financial guidance. It remains unchanged for 2014, reflecting our expectations of growth in KALYDECO revenues and management of our operating expenses. Our KALYDECO net revenue guidance of $470 million to $500 million for 2014 anticipates the following: revenues from Canada following the recently signed letter of intent to enable public reimbursement; revenues from Europe following the potential approval of KALYDECO for use in additional gating mutations; and revenues from Australia following the potential completion of reimbursement in the second half of 2014. Reimbursement in Australia is the key risk in achieving our KALYDECO revenue guidance for the full year. We are maintaining our non-GAAP total revenue guidance to be in the range of $520 million to $550 million, of which $470 million to $500 million relates to KALYDECO. Our total revenue guidance also includes royalties and other collaboration revenues, including those from our recent out licensing of VX-787, our novel flu medicine to Johnson & Johnson, for which we expect to recognize the majority of the $30 million upfront payment in the second half of 2014. We are also maintaining 2014 non-GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $890 million to $930 million. SG&A expense will increase incrementally going into 2015 as we seek to support label and geographic expansion for KALYDECO and prepare for the potential launch of ivacaftor and lumacaftor combination. We currently anticipate the R&D expense will decrease somewhat in the second half of 2014, reflecting the completion of the Phase III TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies. Positive Phase III data for a lumacaftor and ivacaftor combination has provided us greater business confidence in terms of our ability to treat many more people with CF, which puts us on a pathway to profitability and financial growth. To echo Jeff Leiden's comments earlier in the call, our 3 strategic priorities are: one, transform the treatment of CF by a continued internal investment and exploring external opportunities; two, invest internally and externally to advance the development of innovative medicines to treat other serious diseases; and three, deliver long-term sustainable growth to enable continued investment in the business. Successful execution on these priorities will enable us to realize our vision to be a leader in developing therapies for CF and other serious diseases and to deliver meaningful return for our shareholders. If successful, we will achieve a financial profile consistent with our large-cap biotech peers, specifically a growing revenue line based on the expansion of the number of patients we may treat with high-value medicines; total operating expenses relatively similar to current levels; high operating margins given significant leverage from the revenue opportunity; and significant cash flow generation. We look forward to sharing additional development and regulatory milestones in the coming months. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask you about the lumacaftor at KALYDECO, the Expanded Access Program. What can you tell us about it? And will you be able to provide access to patients that are younger than 12 years of age? And I have a follow-up.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Geoff, it's Jeff Chodakewitz, thanks for the question. We are working with our investigators, the CF Foundation, patients, to move forward on Expanded Access. But we really feel that what we need to do next is gain more experience in patients who have FEV1 less than 40, and so we're actively working on developing a protocol that we can put in place and get the drug to patients in that category. And then once we have that data, we'll understand more and see how to proceed from there.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the data today for heterozygous delta patients. A, was it a surprise to you guys? And B, does it sort of validate your view that you'll have to have 2 correctors plus KALYDECO? And can you tell us anything about the next-gen corrector that you guys are still working through preclinical?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Sure. Thanks. So first of all, no, it was not a surprise. And given the Phase II data, it really is essentially as we expected, but we did want to be sure that we understood this given the medical need and the importance for patients. In terms of the -- your question about the next generation and what else for that population, as we mentioned, we are making progress on our next-generation compounds. We have multiple compounds in lead op and things that are -- in terms of even greater activity that we're finding. And so we are anxious to bring one or more compounds forward next year. In terms of whether this population will require 3 drugs, I think that is really still a question. We understand that probably is the best chance, but there are some aspects of VX-661 that has slightly different characteristics like the lack of a drug-drug interaction that affects ivacaftor levels and penetration into the lung. And so we'll have to think about whether we need to understand; what the 2 drug combination might be able to achieve. That's how we're thinking about it right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets.
John Chung - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is John on behalf of Michael Yee. First, a quick one. Based on -- on the results today, in the heterozygous study, given that the exacerbations in the TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT were so strong, do you have any details on that? And I have one follow-up.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So we're -- this is still early data. We're still trying to understand all the information. But remember, this was only a study for 8 weeks in 120 patients. So whatever data we have, it's not going to be very meaningful.
John Chung - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. Then as a follow-up, as you think and plan for the potential launch of the combo 809 drug for homozygous patients, how do you think the uptake of this would be similar or different from your experience with KALYDECO given if you think about how KALYDECO managed to be well saturated within 3 quarters? But that -- this is only in target population of approximately, I believe, around 1,000, while for the new indication, could be almost as big as 15x that.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, it's a great question. It's really too early to provide specific guidance around the launch trajectory and peak penetration. We do know that patients are waiting with great anticipation for this combination product because there's no other medicines that treat the underlying cause of the disease. But as you said, in comparison to the G551D population, that's a significantly smaller population than people who have the F508del homozygous mutation. And that is going to present a kind of a logistical challenge to CF centers.
John Chung - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one more. Along those lines, how many of those F508del homozygous patients are well identified and within the system?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: If given the prevalence of really very robust CF registries in, certainly, most of the major markets, I would say that the vast majority of the 508del homozygote population is well characterized.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I've kind of a company-building question. You guys talked about your objectives of advancing your internal pipeline and also looking outside the company for what assets may be relevant to you. And at the same time, it looks like you've bolstered your balance sheet a little bit. You talked about the $1.2 billion that you have on the balance sheet right now plus access to more. Does that -- should we take that as a signal that you've moved closer to deciding what directions you want to go in outside of CF? And what sorts of verticals should we be thinking about longer term for Vertex? I know you guys have spoken kind of vaguely about the types of programs that you'd be interested in, but I'm just wondering, are you getting any closer here? Is there any update that you can give us?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Jeff Leiden. So; I think we've been pretty consistent in our strategy over the last couple of years in saying that we are interested in serious specialty diseases where we think we can actually make transformative medicine. Certainly, CF is a beautiful example of that. And we plan to do that both internally and externally. So from an internal standpoint, we haven't talked a lot about it yet, but we do have programs in cancer and progressive MS, for example, in Huntington's disease, and all of those. If you think about it, are very much like CF, right? Very serious diseases without much treatment, where we think there's a scientific opportunity to make a difference. And similarly, we are looking outside. And one of the reasons we strengthened our balance sheet is to allow us to do certain kinds of strategic transactions, starting in CF, where we want to complement our internal resources, but also in other serious diseases outside that fit that kind of mode.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And maybe just a quick follow-up on the heterozygous results today. Obviously, minimal effect on FEV1 here, but it looks like you did observe something on CFQ-R and sweat chloride. Is there anything to conclude from that? Does that give you any maybe confidence that adding another piece of the puzzle with the triple combo is going to help?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think in terms of the sweat chloride, we think that it is an important marker. I think that -- and I don't think this is new, it's really about saying, "Are we hitting pharmacologically the target?" And "Is it driving at pharmacological activity?" We think that's important for how we think about compounds, and that we're on the right track. I think that, that will be valuable information. I don't think the fact that we didn't see an FEV1 really changes that. In terms of the CFQ-R results, I think we're really interpreting that with caution. We're going to -- we'll look at that, but it was a somewhat variable response, and I think we just have to learn more.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wondered if you had any clarity on the dose you plan to file on for 809 in combination with KALYDECO. And do your regulatory plans for ivacaftor or lumacaftor include a fix to those combo, the 2 components?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz again. So we're still analyzing the data, but we do plan to make our dosing decisions this quarter. We think it's going to be soon. And if the -- we have those opportunities, we do anticipate trying to deliver fixed dose combinations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Alethia for Robyn. Maybe 2 questions: One, what -- can you give us a little bit more granularity in Europe about where kind of the most prevalent populations are on the F508del just so when you think about modeling? And I have a follow-up.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: I can talk about where the populations are in Europe. Actually, they're pretty broadly spread. I mean, this is the most prevalent form of CF, and so pretty much follows the CF population and the population overall in those markets. And so it's a much less concentrated form of CF in something like G551D oversee the Celtic mutation. So it's more broadly spread, more evenly distributed and that's the reason why we are going to need to expand into some new countries to be able to reach those children and adults with this form of CF.
Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And just as a follow-up on the -- your residual function trial on Phase III. Like what do you -- how are you thinking about duration on that trial? And do you think that 661 could help the duration be a little shorter in that trial in Phase III?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So can we just clarify the question? It's -- to be honest, you're not going through real clear. If you could just clarify the question, was it regarding how we think about those residual function patients with...
Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: How long the trial should be run? Like how do you think a reasonable Phase III would be for the residual function population?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Hey, Robyn, I think -- this is Jeff Leiden. I think the question you're asking is the length of the trial and also the role of 661 in residual function, if I heard you correctly?
Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. So I think we are learning a lot, as Jeff Chodakewitz said about the length and size of these trials. And I also think we're learning a lot about the different combinations. And we do plan to take all of that into account, as well as our residual function data when we go to the regulators and talk about size duration of the trials. And also about monotherapy versus a combination therapy. So I think you can anticipate hearing about more about all of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein.
Wen Shi: This is actually Wen Shi here for Geoff. Two questions. The first one is for Stuart. So in preparation for the combo launch, what sort of payor discussions have you had both in the U.S. and outside the U.S.? Right, so we've heard that you've already gotten some press mention for U.S. with Medicaid. And then also outside of U.S., you are having some difficulties, for example, in Australia, all right? So now with the G551D homozygous being a significant step up in patient population, so how do you anticipate that reimbursement and pricing is going to happen both in the U.S. and ex-U.S.?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, so we really haven't spoken to payors about the combination product because we didn't really have the Phase III data to be able to have those really meaningful discussions. They would've been purely theoretical. So now that we've got the data, we are beginning program of research to go out and talk with payors, both in the U.S. and internationally. That process is really just beginning. In terms of what challenges we may have, I think what we know is that we've got a medicine, which has a really impressive benefit for patients. It works really well on things that are important to payors, to physicians, to patients. We know there's a high level of anticipation for the product because nothing else treats the underlying cause of the disease. And whilst it is a larger patient population, the G551D patient population, it's still -- patients 12 and over with this form of CF still only accounts for 22,000 patients in the U.S., Europe and Australia. And so it's still a very targeted patient population. So whilst it's a bigger population, it's still a very ultra orphan population. Then the other thing I would say is I'd use some caution extrapolating from one particular instance issue that we're having with Arkansas Medicaid. That's one isolated incident here in the U.S. And whilst Australia, we have yet to reach an agreement, we've reached agreement and are getting reimbursed in 18 other countries around the world. And so I'd just caution you against extrapolating from those exceptions to projecting those to be the rule.
Wen Shi: Yes. As a quick follow-up, can you speak to your -- and if any plans for R117H in the children patient population, as well as patients with nonsense mutations in CFTR.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. Our -- as you know, our pivotal trial in R117H actually did enroll children, as well as adults. I think we understand that data well. Even though we missed the primary endpoint in the study, we believe we have a strong argument and have filed that. And so -- and that will include potentially data, or will include the data from children, and I think the data have to be a dialogue because we studied a large number of patients. We studied a significant percentage of all the patients with R117H globally. So we expect to -- we don't expect to do additional studies in R117H. We really do anticipate trying to understand the data that we have and make our best arguments. In terms of young children, are you -- I want to be sure I understand your second question. Are you talking about...
Wen Shi: Nonsense mutation is about 10% of the patient population. Are you thinking about some internal or external combinations to address that?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, I think the patients with not -- true nonsense mutations on both alleles obviously are not going to be helped by our current corrector therapies. And that's one of the areas where we're going to need to look outside as well for additional kinds of therapies to address those patients. As you say, it's about 10% or less of the total population.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: First question is for Ian. I just wondered if you could quantitate in some way the revenue that might be at risk if -- for 2014 if Australia doesn't pull through with reimbursement. Or maybe tell us how many patients there are and when you are expecting reimbursement? Just some way to quantitate that component.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. Thanks, Lisa, for the question. I'm not going to go down to the specifics to Australia. We're involved in, as you might expect, an interesting discussion down there in Australia and I don't want to go into a lot of detail, specifically for the revenue from that country.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Could you tell us how many patients there are at least or something like that with the G551D?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, there's approximately 200 patients.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: 200, okay.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. And therefore, you can apply a normal uptake to it. But I would just add, though, as you try to kind of pinpoint the kind of the revenue within our guidance, I would just add that given that we are dependent on Australia coming through, it helps you understand where we are in the range of our guidance that we set earlier this year, which pushes us towards the lower end of that range that we've provided earlier this year.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my next question is just one on pricing of the combination. Now that you've sort of had a little bit more time to think about the data, what's the right way for us to think about pricing? Is it sort of pricing that's lower than current KALYDECO? Or do you think that this can command more than that given there's 2 drugs? Or just what's the right way to think about really pricing for the combination for the homozygous 508 population?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, Lisa, it's Stuart here. It's too early to make any comments on pricing. As you say, we do have the Phase III data now. Now that we have that data, as I referred to earlier, we can begin to build the clinical and economic evidence and begin to test that with payors to develop the support we're going to need for the pricing and reimbursement discussions that will happen down the line here. But we're not in a position to make specific comments on pricing at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Unknown Analyst: This is [indiscernible] sitting in for Mark. Just a couple of questions. One of them, just curious, wondering about the long-term data from TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT when we might get an update on that? And then the other question, just sort of following up on the discussion about pipeline development and acquisitions and perhaps, you touched on it and I missed it. But just trying to better understand the features of those products, programs that make them attractive to, specifically to Vertex.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz, I'll take the first part of that. So in terms of the ongoing long-term extension study from TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT, we do have planned interim analysis and that will include safety evaluation, as well as FEV1. I guess I'd note that we have submitted abstracts on the 24-week TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies to NACFC and hope to be able to present those there. And our goal will be to include information coming out of the interim analysis at that meeting as well.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then on your second question on attributes of assets that might be interesting to us. Obviously, the first set of assets would be those that could complement our own internal CF assets. We certainly understand now the combination therapy is going to be the rule for most patients, particularly as we move to higher and higher levels of efficacy. And so as you might expect, we're looking very closely adding 4 assets that could complement our internal assets in CF. Beyond that, as we've said before, we're very interested in disease -- in very serious specialty diseases where we see an opportunity to make or acquire transformative therapies. Therapies that make the same kind of difference that our CF medicines have made in CF. And so as we move forward, you can expect to see us looking at those kinds of assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Kumaraguru Raja: This is Kumar Raja in for Yaron. So have you seen any changes in U.S. reimbursement? And are payors evaluating the response to KALYDECO-class benchmark to support ongoing payment? And for the CF collaborations which you are planning to do, is that going to hit R&D? And when will that happen? Whether it will hit this year or next year?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, on reimbursement here in the U.S., the reimbursement for KALYDECO has been excellent from the moment the product was launched back in January, 2012, and continues to be very broad. All eligible patients are able to access KALYDECO with the one notable exception that's been referred to in Arkansas. But other than that exceptional circumstance, KALYDECO is widely available to all eligible patients.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katherine Xu with William Blair.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I'm just curious about a recent paper. They did some in vitro experiments in F508 deletion cells and then found antagonism between KALYDECO and lumacaftor, whereas in [indiscernible] experiments, they were additive. Can you just comment on why that was the case, just in the preclinical setting? The cells, design, the readouts, what are the differences?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think it's really hard for us to speak about somebody else's work. I think I really would just refer back to the experience we've had as you noted in our systems. And as we talked about in our prepared comments, really, the fact that the assays in our labs have really been such important value in terms of identifying compounds and the translatability to the clinic. And ultimately, we have the kind of clinical data that we spoke about on our last call.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then if you don't mind, just a quick follow-up. See, in Canada, if you could remind us how many G551D patients are there?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, there's about 100 G551D patients in Canada, roughly evenly split between those that have private reimbursement and those who have public reimbursement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley.
Brienne Kugler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Brienne Kugler in for Dave. Just wanted to clarify some of your earlier comments. So will you be filing with KALYDECO 809 on fixed dose co-formulation? And will you need to run any additional studies to support the co-formulation?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. We obviously still as we talked about -- have to decide on the dose, but we do plan to file. And with a fixed dose combination, we don't have -- need to do additional studies.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Skorney with Robert Baird.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess -- certainly, it seems like payors push back on KALYDECO pricing. To some extent, it reflects their concerns about combination pricing. I just -- Jeff, if you could characterize, is this explicit in any of your payor discussions? Or is this something that you're just kind of talking about to general media outside of that? And if it is part of the payor discussions on KALYDECO pricing, how are you addressing that with them?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, I think the payor discussions we've had have been centered on the approved product. And while there is an awareness that we are looking to develop a pipeline of products, the conversations we've had with payors have been about providing access for patients who have the specific forms of CF that we currently labeled for.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just on a housekeeping item. The INCIVEK revenue that you booked non-GAAP of $9 million, what's driving that? Is that just an accounting figure? It doesn't seem like demand sales based on IMS.
Ian F. Smith: [indiscernible] accessible phase. It's not accounting. There are actually real sales, and maybe Stu wants to give a little bit of background behind that.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, exactly. As Ian said, this isn't really an accounting adjustment. It is the impactive residual demand for INCIVEK. And so we thought it was notable to reference it. We're not necessarily predicting that there'll be meaningful INCIVEK sales going forward, but we thought it was useful to reference it, seeing that it's part of our non-GAAP revenue.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Do you have any idea in what sort of paradigm is that being used? Is that being used on a peg [indiscernible] backbone [ph]?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: We really don't have any insight into how that is being used as we reduced our investments and all of our support for INCIVEK some time ago. We really have little insight to what's going on in that market. We just thought it was worthwhile noting it as it's a part of our non-GAAP revenues.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple. First, on the children study ages 2 to 5, you said the primary endpoint is safety and then the secondary endpoint's more efficacy related. Are there any criteria for those secondary endpoints to be hit in order for you to file? Or is it really just if you show safety you'll be able to extend the label down to H2?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: No, it's really PK and safety, just to be clear. It's -- as you'd expect, most of measures can't even use in children that age. So it's -- and the submission is really just focused on PK and safety.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you might investigate 661 and heterozygous patients. Are there any ongoing studies going on at 661 and heterozygous patients? What data, I guess, will you have at the time that you design a Phase III program from 661 and heterozygous?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: We do not have any ongoing studies or data specifically in that population with 661 right now. The only ongoing study is really the 12-week study that we've referenced in the homozygous patients.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: The only thing, maybe to remind you of is, that we do have the previous data on the heterozygous patients very specific subset of those who have Delta 508 on one allele and a KALYDECO responsive mutation on the other allele. And that did show a significant, incremental benefit of adding 661. That will be an important part of our exploration of 661 going forward.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Would it -- just trying to get a hang on, it's our process. Would it be that if the 12-week study for 661 in homozygous patients produces somewhat better than 508, maybe you'd be willing to extrapolate that to the heterozygous patients and that would be sufficient to go forward with the Phase III? Is that kind of -- is that sort of the thinking?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: It's a good question. I think it's maybe even a little broader than that. As Jeff said, we really think about 661 in at least 3 or 4 settings. One is obviously in the homozygous patients and asking is it -- does it show benefit over and above what we see with 809. One is in the special population of heterozygous, which would really be a way of improving efficacy in those patients with the KALYDECO responsive allele and 508 in the other allele, and that's the number 70% of those who have a KALYDECO responsive allele. Then, of course, there's -- they are the what we call the hatmins [ph]. That is patients who have a Delta F508 on one allele and a non-KALYDECO responsive mutation on the other allele. And as Jeff said, there are some different properties of 661 from 809 that we do want to explore in that population to see whether we would see incremental benefits there. And then, of course, there's just the basis of a 3-drug regimen with our next-generation corrector. So 661 is really a way that we see lots of different potential uses, many different options, and our plan is to explore those as quickly as possible in parallel.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Yigal Nochomovitz with Oppenheimer.
Yigal D. Nochomovitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to clarify something on the next-generation corrector program. Should we expect the next-generation correctors are going to get slotted into the combo regimens from day 1? Or is there going to be a period where we see some initial monotherapy work to establish efficacy and safety? And I have a quick follow-up.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So I think from the -- when we first go into [indiscernible], I think we have to, as you noted, to really understand that -- to be sure we understand the performance of the drug itself. We have to start with at least some limited studies with monotherapy, not necessarily in patients, but at least in healthy adults. And then we would take it from there.
Yigal D. Nochomovitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, just very quickly, following up on Brian's question from earlier in the call on the homozygous combo filing. Have you done any further data analysis on the TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT results to point -- to 1 dose as potentially preferable over the other? As well as if you could comment on any considerations regarding regimens, simplicity and manufacturing requirements that are playing into your decision as to which dose to file on.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So I think that the -- as I mentioned, the -- our analysis is really still ongoing and what we're really trying -- the biggest driver, as Stuart talked about, was really about the clinical data. We hope to be able to get there soon. Certainly, from a patient perspective, we think that the match regimen where patients take both drugs twice a day and could use one kind of image has advantages for patients in terms of simplicity. But we're really still looking at all the information.
Operator: That brings our question-and-answer session to a close. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz - Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President  Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Peter R. Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of The Scientific Advisory Board
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Koon Ching
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. You've joined the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Michael Partridge. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator, and good evening, everyone. Joining me on tonight's call are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz, Chief Medical Officer; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda tonight is as follows, Jeff Leiden will begin by reviewing Vertex' strategic business priorities for 2014. Then, Jeff Chodakewitz will review our clinical progress on cystic fibrosis, including the results of the study of VX-661 in combination with KALYDECO in G551D, F508del patients. Dr. Chodakewitz joined Vertex at the start of 2014 and we are happy to have him join us on this and future calls. Next, Stuart will discuss KALYDECO product revenues and provide some commentary on the outlook for KALYDECO growth in 2014. To close, Ian will review the financial results and discuss our updated financial guidance. Joining us for Q&A are Dr. Bob Kauffman and Dr. Peter Mueller. We plan for the call to run for a total of 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] This conference call will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K and 10-Q. These statements including, without limitation, those regarding the performance of KALYDECO, our development plans and expectations and our guidance, are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our first quarter 2014 financial results press release. This press release is on our website, and I would also refer you to Slide 4 of tonight's webcast. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Leiden.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael, and good evening, everyone. Vertex is, in many ways, a company in transition. We have made cystic fibrosis a clear focus of our business and we've made a decision to no longer invest in hepatitis C. At the same time, we're continuing to invest in early-stage research to identify compounds in CF and other areas that could become transformative medicines for patients with serious diseases, as well as opportunities for Vertex growth. This transition in Vertex business represents our continued execution against 3 strategic priorities for 2014. I talked about these priorities earlier this year, and I'd like to review them again now. First, focus on driving forward our cystic fibrosis development programs to enable the launch of multiple transformative CF medicines globally. Our clinical and commercial teams have made significant progress in CF already this year. For example, we have expanded the U.S. KALYDECO label to include additional patients. We have now completed dosing in the Phase III studies of VX-809. We have recently received orphan status for VX-661, and we are today reporting positive clinical results for the study of VX-661 in patients heterozygous for G551D and F508del. Second, continue to invest in research. Internal research is a critical growth engine for Vertex, and we expect that it will produce more transformative medicines to provide sustainable growth in the future. And third, maintain financial strength so that we can continue to invest in the discovery and development of our new medicines. We ended the first quarter with more than $1.3 billion in cash and with KALYDECO revenues of approximately $100 million that we expect to grow through the year and in future years. This financial position supports our investments for future growth. Our goal in CF is to treat as many people as possible and to enhance the benefit for those that we treat. Jeff Chodakewitz will give you more detail on our recent CF clinical progress. But before I turn the call over to him, I would like to acknowledge that today marks the start of CF Awareness Month and we recognize all of the patients, families, doctors, nurses and caregivers who are involved in the treatment of CF. Thank you for your continued support as we seek to improve the lives of more people with this devastating disease. Our continued progress in CF clinical development is a strong sign that our commitment to people with CF is unwavering. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening. It's a pleasure to speak with you all today. I'll provide an overview of some important progress we've made with our 3 CF development programs, specifically, ivacaftor monotherapy, lumacaftor and ivacaftor combination therapy and VX-661 and ivacaftor combination therapy. Let me begin with ivacaftor monotherapy. Our clinical and regulatory efforts are focused on demonstrating clinical activity in additional patients that may benefit from this medicine. In February, following approval from the U.S. FDA, we began treating patients with 8 additional mutations with KALYDECO. These are all mutations for which in vitro data predicted critical responsiveness to KALYDECO. We've submitted an MAA variation to the European Medicines Agency and expect to receive an opinion from the CHMP for these additional gating mutations around midyear. An additional mutation for which we are seeking ivacaftor label expansion is R117H. As you may recall, we announced results in December from a Phase III trial in this population. We did not achieve statistical significance in the primary endpoint for the overall population of this trial, but ivacaftor did produce a statistically and clinically significant improvement in FEV1 and other measures in a prespecified subpopulation of participants 18 years of age and older. We plan to submit an sNDA and MAA variation for people with CF, ages 18 and older, with at least 1 copy of the R117H mutation. The sNDA submission is planned for midyear, with the MAA variation to follow in the second half of 2014. We expect to continue our discussions with the FDA following our sNDA submission. We estimate that there are more than 700 patients, aged 18 and older, worldwide with the R117H mutation. We also believe that ivacaftor may be able to help other patients who have residual CFTR function. We are conducting a proof-of-concept study in these patients, and we are on track to report results later this quarter. In our view, a successful result in this study of approximately 20 participants would lay the groundwork for pivotal studies of ivacaftor in patients with residual CFTR function. Finally, we expect to report results from our pediatric safety study of ivacaftor use in 2- to 5-year olds with gating mutations in the third quarter, while patients in the pediatric study who have completed 24 weeks of treatment have now progressed into the rollover study. Moving to our lumacaftor-ivacaftor combination program. The 6-month dosing period is complete for the Phase III TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies in patients, aged 12 and older, who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. We are on track to report 24-week results from these studies around midyear. If these studies are successful, we expect to file an NDA and MAA later this year. In TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT, we are seeking to demonstrate a statistically and clinically significant improvement in absolute FEV1, the primary endpoint of the study, and also benefit in important secondary endpoints, including weight gain, pulmonary exacerbations and CFQ-R. We estimate that our studies are more than 90% powered for absolute improvement in FEV1 of 3% from baseline compared to placebo at week 24. In addition to lumacaftor, we are developing another first-generation corrector, VX-661. Our principal strategy with VX-661 is to develop it as part of a future triple combination therapy with a next-generation corrector and a potentiator. Dosing has begun in our 12-week study of 661 plus ivacaftor in patients 18 and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. We expect to enroll approximately 40 patients who will be treated with 661 plus ivacaftor or placebo. Our goal of this study is to assess the safety and efficacy of 661 plus ivacaftor over a longer duration of treatment. If successful, this study would be enabling for future development of VX-661 from use in a triple combination or potentially to progress it as part of a dual combination. Today, Vertex announced results from a proof-of-concept study of the corrector 661 in combination with ivacaftor in CF patients who have achieved 551D mutation on 1 allele and the F508del mutation on the other allele. The basis for exploring the VX-661 plus ivacaftor combination in this population is based on in vitro observations from HBE cells, in which adding VX-661 to ivacaftor improved chloride transport. The purpose of the trial was to see if the improvement in CFTR function that we observed in the lab could translate into a signal of clinical efficacy in the G551D, F508del heterozygous population. We dosed VX-661 as 100 milligrams daily in patients who were already taking 150 milligrams of KALYDECO twice daily for an average of 1 year. We were testing this clinical hypothesis for the first time and we're not sure if we'd be able to detect the signal. The patients that we enrolled were G551D patients who had already been receiving commercial KALYDECO and, therefore, were likely to have already seen a significant clinical benefit from taking this medication. Also, the study was small. We enrolled just 18 patients. And the duration of therapy was short, just 28 days, for which VX-661 would be added on top of ivacaftor. The results do, in fact, show a clear signal of efficacy. There was a mean 4.6 percentage point absolute improvement within group in ppFEV1 through 28 days. The relative FEV1 improvement was 7.3%. These improvements were both statistic -- were both statistically significant. We also saw a small reduction in sweat chloride on treatment within group, with a p value of 0.053. FEV1 and sweat chloride returned toward baseline in the 4 weeks following completion of the 661 treatment period. These off-treatment effects were statistically significant within group as well. In this study, 4 patients already receiving KALYDECO were randomized to placebo to maintain study blinding. From a safety perspective, the regimen was generally well tolerated over 28 days and all 18 patients completed the treatment period. The most common adverse events in the treatment group were pulmonary exacerbation, headache and upper respiratory tract infection. And we expect to present more details on these results at a medical meeting in 2014. For us, there are really 3 important takeaways: first, once again, in vitro data with our CFTR modulators has been predictive of a clinical benefit in the specific patient population; second, correctors like 661 appear to be clinically active on a single F508del allele; and lastly, these results suggest to us that treatment for heterozygous patients may be further enhanced with CFTR modulators that are tailored toward each allele. Based on the data announced today from this study and pending the results of the 12-week study, we could decide to develop VX-661 as part of a dual combination for certain heterozygous patient groups. Also based on these data, we plan to discuss with global regulatory authorities the potential approval pathway for VX-661 in combination with KALYDECO for people with CF who have the F508del mutation and another mutation known to respond to KALYDECO alone. In summary, I'm pleased with our progress with our CF development programs and I look forward to updating you throughout the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Good evening, everybody. Tonight, I'll report our first quarter product revenues and outline our expectations for KALYDECO revenue growth in 2014. KALYDECO generated $100 million in worldwide net revenues for the first quarter, including U.S. sales of approximately $56 million and international sales of approximately $44 million. This represents an increase of 61% from revenues of $62 million that we reported for the first quarter of 2013. The reason for the decline from the $109 million that we reported in the fourth quarter of 2013 was the favorable impact of stocking and other nonrecurring business adjustments in the fourth quarter that we discussed on our quarterly call in January. We continue to see a very similar level of underlying demand and strong patient adherence to treatment. We expect KALYDECO revenues to grow through 2014, beginning in the second quarter, based on the following anticipated key factors: first, label expansion. Since receiving approval from the FDA in late February for 8 additional mutations, we are seeing strong uptake similar to what we saw in patients with the G551D mutation. We expect uptake to continue as we seek to reach the vast majority of the approximately 115 newly eligible patients in the U.S. by year-end. We have filed an MAA variation with the EMA for a similar label expansion and currently anticipate approval in the second half of 2014. Following EMA approval, we will seek reimbursement for these new patients, both in countries where KALYDECO is already formally reimbursed, such as France, and in new countries like Italy where, because there are so few G551D patients, the medicine has not yet been formally reviewed. There are approximately 250 eligible people with these additional mutations living in the EU. Our second key factor of KALYDECO growth is geographic expansion from securing public reimbursements in Canada and Australia. The reimbursement process is unfortunately taking longer than we and, more importantly, people with CF wants it. Reimbursement discussions in both countries are active and ongoing and our goal remains to get this transformational medicine to all eligible children and adults as quickly as possible. There are approximately 300 people with the G551D mutation in Canada and Australia, and we know they and their families are anxiously awaiting a positive outcome from these discussions. To summarize, we expect label and geographic expansion to enable us to grow our KALYDECO revenues beginning in the second quarter and continuing throughout the year. This growth is reflected in our KALYDECO net revenue guidance, which we are maintaining. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress throughout the year, and I'll now turn it over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening to everyone. Tonight, I would like to discuss our current financial position, our first quarter 2014 results and our updated 2014 financial guidance. During the first quarter, we've further prioritized our development activities toward cystic fibrosis. Our financial results and guidance reflect this prioritization. As we entered the second quarter, we are a business primarily funded by CF revenues and a strong cash position. We are investing in the discovery and development of medicines for CF and the creation of new medicines in other areas. Now to our cash position. We finished the quarter with over $1.3 billion in cash. This balance sheet strength, combined with the expected growth in our KALYDECO revenues, supports our business investment and still allows us to exit 2014 with a strong balance sheet. We continue to manage this cash position as the priority, as it enables the transition of our business to growth and profitability driven by our CF medicines. An example of our prioritization to protect our financial strength is shown by our decision not to proceed with VX-135 in hepatitis C, amending our arrangement with Alios and our decision to out-license the compound. This is all reflected in our updated 2014 financial guidance that I'll discuss in a moment. Now to the first quarter 2014 results. We generated $108 million in total non-GAAP revenues in the first quarter. $100 million of this was KALYDECO. Based on our decision to end further investments in hepatitis C I've announced this evening, the HCV-related revenues, totaling approximately $10 million, are excluded from non-GAAP revenues. Now to our operating expense. Our first quarter total non-GAAP operating expense was $234 million, down $41 million or 15% from Q1 2013. The first quarter non-GAAP operating expense includes $182 million of R&D expenses compared to $195 million in the first quarter of 2013, and $52 million of SG&A expenses compared to $80 million in the first quarter of 2013. These reductions of 7% and 35%, respectively, reflect our commitment to prioritization towards the CF medicines and the protection of our financial position. Our GAAP net loss for the first quarter was $232 million or $1 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP net loss was $151 million or $0.65 per diluted share. Turning now to our financial guidance and, firstly, our revenue guidance for the full year 2014. We are maintaining our KALYDECO guidance of $470 million to $500 million that we provided earlier this year. Achieving this guidance depends on 3 key drivers of growth: the continued uptake for the 8 additional mutations in the U.S. and achieving reimbursement for the G551D patients in Australia and Canada, and the approval for other additional gating-type mutations in the EU. With the exclusion of our HCV revenues, we are revising our total non-GAAP revenue guidance to be in the range of $520 million to $550 million. This range includes some revenues for the potential R&D collaborations. Based on our move away from HCV and further focusing our investment towards CF, we are reducing our operating expense guidance. We now anticipate 2014 non-GAAP operating expenses to be $890 million to $930 million. Additionally, I would just note that Q1 non-GAAP OpEx for R&D and SG&A provide a reasonable basis for modeling our expenses during the rest of the year. Total spend may decline slightly towards the end of the year based on clinical development activities. In summary, we are committed to completing 2014 with a strong balance sheet and managing our operating expense at a decreased level compared to prior years, while we grow our CF revenues. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the lines to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got a couple on the 661 KALYDECO combo study. I'm assuming that the patients on the placebo arm on just KALYDECO monotherapy were stable. Are you -- that data isn't in the slide, but I'm assuming that, that is largely unchanged over the evaluation period.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Geoff, so it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think it's important to step back and say why those patients were in there. It's really -- it was only 4 patients, as we mentioned, and they were really there for blinding. So we really focused on the within-group analysis that you saw. It wasn't really intended as a controlled trial with the placebo group. They were just there sort of maintaining the integrity of the blind.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I see. Okay, that makes sense. And then does this data change your view ultimately about the need for a second corrector? And I joined the call a little bit late, so I wasn't sure if you guys gave an update on the next-gen corrector behind 661?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Geoff, it's Jeff Leiden. I think our view of 661, first of all, has been enhanced by this data. We're learning about as we progress 661. And I think from this trial, we learned a couple of things: one, that it's possible to correct a single Delta 508 allele, at least, to these patients with a G551D allele; and secondly, you could do that on top of patients who have been stabling on KALYDECO for quite a bit of time. Most of the patients have been on for a year or so, and that was an important finding. I think we're still thinking about 661 as part of a potential triple regimen to get enhanced benefit for everybody that's homozygous and heterozygous. But I think what this data tells us is that 661 may also have a role in certain of these heterozygous patients, and that's worth exploring. And if you'll remember, we talked about this being an interesting trial from that perspective a while ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Porges of Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I just like to follow up on the 661 combination. So first, Jeff Chodakewitz, you mentioned the control group. But could you tell us whether there was a difference in the cough exacerbations and other adverse events between the control group and the treatment group? And then secondly, the G551 patients, are they typical G551D patients? They seem to have a pretty low FEV1 as a starting point in this trial. And then just to push a little bit more, why wouldn't you be contemplating now taking 661 with a standard dose of KALYDECO into a larger study in the homozygous Delta F508s?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Great. Thanks, Geoff. So in terms of the placebo patients, again, it was really there for blinding. That's really what our intent was. And in terms of the severity, I think that it was a little bit lower as you said, than perhaps what we've seen in some other studies. But I think it is well within the range and the groups were -- it was pretty balanced, and it was really just a -- we think it was really pretty representative of what we've seen in our 551D studies. I'm sorry, your last question was around...
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes. Why wouldn't you...
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Make sense of 661, Jeff, and whether we'd consider going into a larger study for the Delta F508 homozygous?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yes. So I think for us, really, we think we're just getting this data. We really have to understand it a little bit better, it's early days. We also have the ongoing 12-week study for 661 and ivacaftor in the F508del homozygous population. And what we're going to do is really step back when we get those results and really say what's the right path forward for 661.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of Deutsche Bank.
Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Alethia for Robyn. And just another 661 question, but just curious if this information that you have about 661, how does this change your perspective on acquiring or looking at complementary assets for your CF program?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Jeff is going to take that question in terms of our portfolio approach.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yes. I think we've said all along that we want to continue our leadership position in CF, and that's going to come in 2 forms. One is to continue to develop our expanding portfolio of medicines, so not only 809 and 661 but next-gen correctors, which we think are going to be very important in both expanding the region, expanding the benefit. But the other thing is we have a very active, as you can imagine, ongoing surveillance program of all of the potential, other assets out there in CF. And we'll continue to watch that and make sure that we're either partnering, acquiring or doing whatever we can to get the best regimens we can in combination with our drugs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum of ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to -- on the placebo issue, would you guys be willing to characterize behavior? I know it's only 4, but would you guys be willing to characterize the behavior of the 4 placebo patients? Maybe give us some reassurance that they didn't behave as well as the treated patients or something like that? And then my second question was -- in the data where you removed the drug, were both drugs removed, or was that just 661?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Great. Thanks, Mark. So sure, let me try to give you a little more color. Again, it's 4 patients. I'd say that what we observed in those patients was really that there were modest shifting around. It was variable, as you'd expect, in this disease with 4 patients getting placebo. And it was very typical of what we've seen in general with smaller cohorts of patients receiving placebo. So hopefully, that gives you a little better flavor of that.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So modest would not be 4.6% on an absolute basis, I would imagine?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Correct, it's modest changes. So I think that the -- the other piece, in terms of the study design, was really that we started and then stopped the VX-661. KALYDECO, which our patients were receiving in a marketed setting, was continued throughout the study. And in the follow-up period, they just stayed on their KALYDECO.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Mark, it's Jeff Leiden. We've obviously had a number of questions on this and on the placebo group. And maybe let me take a step back, if you will, as I often do on this Phase II data, and tell you how we look at those data, which is we always look at the entirety of the results, and we try to look at it from every direction to see if we're seeing a consistency of the CF, we're seeing statistical significance. I guess when I look at this data, the thing that is very convincing to me is that when you start by looking at what we saw in the lab themselves, which was this additive effect of 661 on KALYDECO in exactly these cells, G551D, Delta 508, that again has translated into what we're seeing in the clinic. And obviously, now with 5, 6, 7 trials, relate that with the in vitro results, translates into in vivo results. Then we saw the on-effect when we added 661 to patients who were stable on KALYDECO and, honestly, with only 14 patients, surprisingly, we saw a statistically significant on-effect. And then, of course, the off-effect is important. So we removed the 661, left the patients on KALYDECO, and we saw a statistically significant decrease. And that pattern, I think in a Phase II trial, is always very important. And then, finally, correlated with sweat chloride, which always gives us confidence that what we're seeing is an on-mechanism effect. So when I look -- when I walk around the trial and look at it from all perspectives, I see a consistency of statistical significance and this nice correlation from in vitro to in vivo. I think that's what's really gives us the high level of confidence.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Yee of RBC Capital.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A quick question. First, I will ask a question not related to placebo, which is in your ongoing TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT study, I know they're still thinking about secondary endpoints and Wall Street's looking at how to evaluate that. Have you done any work around correlating waking and exacerbations and how that correlates to FEV1 effects? Obviously, we know what the results were in the KALYDECO monotherapy studies and the effects there and what that translated to for waking and exacerbations. But given potentially less effects in the Del 508 homozygous population, how do you predict what would happen there, or we're flying a bit blind? Then I have a follow-up.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz, let me take a start at your question. I think -- I don't think we looked recently, at least, in a formal way, correlations between these different measures. But I do think you raised a couple of important points. First of all that we have to really understand the totality of the disease and, really, we're assessing the benefit for patients on all of those endpoints. It's really not just about any one of them. But as you imply, it's really about understanding all of them and understanding the pattern and seeing what benefit the drug brings. We do have a set of secondary endpoints that we have preplanned and prespecified, and that's going to include a number of important outcomes like BMI, as you're talking about, in terms of pulmonary exacerbations, as well as patient-reported outcomes like CFQ-R. So we're really going to take a good look at all of that and take the time to really understand all the results.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up is -- I'm sorry, I have to sneak in one more on the placebo, but I mean these patients in the study, they knew it was a randomized study versus placebo. They didn't know the exact randomization. I'm just trying to think about how much placebo effect there really would be given the randomization of 7:2?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Right. So people did -- were informed, of course, that it was a placebo-controlled study. Patients do, then they form a consent. But as is the intent, we were very careful with the placebo so they would not be able to detect which one they were on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, just was wondering on the -- again, I'm sorry to go back to the placebo group in the 661 combo trial. Can you give us any sense of the sweat chloride data in those patients? I know you said it was -- that it sounds like the data bounced around a little bit. But just wondering if you could characterize that on a basis versus what you saw in the treatment group. And then maybe just remind us, I know you guys changed the endpoint of the Phase III combo study for KALYDECO-809. Can you give us maybe give us some background there? What drove that decision?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Sure. So again, in terms of the sweat chloride and the placebo patients, it was quite -- it was variable. There were modest changes. Again, very typical of what you'd expect to see with a small number of patients receiving placebo. And that was true across all the metrics.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Receiving KALYDECO as placebo.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Sorry, yes. Well, they received placebo on top of KALYDECO. So in terms of the Phase III endpoint change, just so I -- just maybe so I'm clear, which -- can you say a little bit more about which aspect of that, that you wanted me to comment on?
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure, just -- I think you guys had switched from a relative to an absolute improvement on SAE and was just wondering again what drove that decision.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Right. So we think, in fact, both measures are important. We -- specifically shifting to absolute was based on a request that we got from the FDA, but we are going to have relative as a key secondary measure. So that's really the basis for our change.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: The first question, on biology, do you believe that the increase in group FEV1, the 661-KALYDECO study, is due to enhancement of the G551D-CFTR function or an action of the combo on the F508-CFTR? And then just another question on the placebo. I'm sorry about that. But I realized the study wasn't powered or designed this way, but if you were to do a statistical test on the 661 group versus placebo, just given the variability you described for the placebo and the statistical significance on the in-group different for the drug arm, would it be safe to say that placebo-adjusted mean FEV1 improvements would've also been statistically significant?
Peter R. Mueller: It's Peter speaking. I answer the biology question. And so the belief that we have in there is some in vitro trial that justifies that this -- that adding a corrector to the mix enhances trafficking of the CFTR protein to the surface. So part of the additional increase in activity that you see here is basically enhancing the amount of CFTR protein to the surface. Now when it is on the surface, it also gets potentiated by KALYDECO. So therefore, you get basically a double effect, sort of enhancing, trafficking and...
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Well, I think, Peter, the question was do we believe the effect was predominantly on the G551D allele or the 508 allele? And we believe the effect is predominantly on the 508del allele from everything we've seen in vitro.
Peter R. Mueller: That's correct.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And Jeff, do you want to take that second question?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yes. So I actually think that probably we've covered this quite completely. I think that the -- we think that the important analysis that we've talked about and that Jeff Leiden referred to is really the within-group analysis and both in terms of the sweat chloride and FEV1, the on and the off.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ying Huang of Barclays.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So first of all, can you tell us -- you plan to file the R117H indications here. Is that based on the recent feedback from FDA and also EMA? And then secondly, also, I noticed that in this trial, you only tested 100 milligram dose for VX-661. Have you determined that that's going to be the dose you will take VX-661 forward, going to a potential pivotal trial? And then lastly, KALYDECO, can you talk to us about the underlying demand by, for example, bottles decent [ph] in 1Q over 4Q last year? And also, maybe patients on therapy even though we know there's inventory drawdown out here.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz, let me take the first couple of those and I'll pass it on to Stuart. In terms of the R117H, we can't comment on our discussions with the FDA, or speak on behalf of the FDA, as we presented, we think that the data coming out of that study in -- for the patients who are greater than 18 was both statistically and clinically significant, recognizing that we did fail on the primary endpoint. And we plan to file based on that analysis and we'll have ongoing dialogue with regulatory agencies. In terms of the dose of 661, it was very early in our program. That was the dose that we studied. But I don't think we're in a position yet to say that we've decided on what VX-661 dose would be.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And on the revenue. The fourth quarter of 2013 was inflated by some one-off business adjustments. The first quarter was negatively impacted by some of those same impacts, such as increased stocking in the fourth quarter. The underlying patient demand is absolutely rock solid and was very similar in terms of total patients, in terms of compliance, persistence and all those sort of things between the 2 quarters.
Operator: We'll go to the next question from Howard Liang of Leerink.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I have a couple of questions, one science question, the other one, commercial. In the lab, can you remind us, did VX-661 have a bigger effect in the G551D, 508del heterozygous cells or F508 homozygous cells? I guess, how do you think about the difference between G551D, 508 heterozygous versus homozygous? Why a positive signal that you saw here may or may not have read through for the upcoming TRAFFIC/TRANSPORT studies?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So Howard, it's Jeff. And we don't mean to imply that this signal has implications directly that we can read out in the upcoming TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT. So if we -- if you heard that, that's certainly not our implication. We believe that there's a lot of data that supports the upcoming TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT results from the in vitro data to the in vivo data, and that's really where our confidence comes from for TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT. And what we did learn here, and I think was very, very important, is the patients who were stably treated on KALYDECO, with all of the benefits they get on the G551D allele, will also have 508 on the other allele, can see enhanced clinical benefit by treating -- by adding in a corrector. And that was obviously the big question on our minds, could you translate that out into an improvement in FEV1, once you've already fully treated the 551D allele? And I think the answers from the study is clearly yes. And that does have implications for how we think about developing 661, but not the TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Can I just follow up? I guess why wouldn't you have a readthrough to TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: The readthrough that we have -- we had before, right, in other words, we know that corrector plus potentiator is effective in patients who have Delta 508 alleles, and we've seen that in 809 in multiple studies, I think 5 Phase II studies, and we've seen it now with 661. So I guess, if you said we have yet 1 more study that shows a corrector plus a potentiator can enhance 508 function, yes, it does. But I think we had a lot of evidence there. Where we didn't have a lot of evidence is, what happens when you add a corrector on top of KALYDECO in a 551D with 1 508 allele? We just didn't know what was going to happen, and that's really what we learned from this trial.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. It makes sense. Can I just follow up on -- commercially, I think most G551D patients have delta 508 on the other allele. So when you add 661 to KALYDECO, do you expect to realize more revenue per patient? And do you think the market can bear a higher cost than KALYDECO?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So you're correct about 70% of them have 508s on the other allele, the G551D patients. In terms of pricing, much too early to talk about that. We literally just got this data in the last few days. The thing we're really excited about is the fact that we appear to be able to be bringing additional benefit to the patients who are already doing well on KALYDECO, but that's about the maximum take-home, I think, you can take right now. It's really much too early to comment on what pricing implications that may have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Roden of UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So if you integrate everything you know about the correctors, all the preclinical and clinical data, do you have any basis for thinking about how the benefit, assuming there is one, changes over time once you get out past 4 weeks? So we have 2 4-week observations of combination therapy. So I'd like to get your thoughts as to whether or not you think there's a basis for believing the benefit can increase, stay the same or maybe wane as you go out to 24 weeks past the full week readout? I know we have to do the experiment, but I'm just wondering if you have a basis for a view on that?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. I wish I could give you a real data-based answer, I just can't. At this point, what we have is 4-week data. And that the only relevant piece of data I can give you is what we know about KALYDECO, right, which is now we have multiple years, up to 4 or 5 years with some patients, and some of which has been recently published, in which we're seeing a tremendous stability of the response starting at 2 weeks and going up multiple years. But obviously, that's KALYDECO, that's a potentiator. And unfortunately, we just don't have longer data than that. But we'll see the first evidence when we file this year our TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT. And then as Jeff said, I think the 661 plus KALYDECO 3 months' trial is going to be very, very important. First, obviously, for safety, but also because it's the first time we're going to see that 3-month data with 661. And rather than speculate, I'd rather just show you the data when we have it.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on the multiple sclerosis, remyelinating program, I think you previously described this as further along in your other pre-clinic programs. Just wondering if this is something we could see in the clinic this year?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So Matt, I think you asked the same question on the last call as well. But yes, we do have a program in this area. It is early and there will be a time when we'd give you more information on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: You talked about now exploring regulatory pathways for the combination of 661 and KALYDECO in sort of that ideal situation where you have someone that responds to KALYDECO on one -- an allele that responds to KALYDECO and another allele that's 508 -- I'm sorry, another allele that's -- yes, 508. Can you maybe talk about what the patient population size is for that, just so we can have a better sense?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So there's 2 ways to think about that, right? One is in the G551D patients, where I think Stuart mentioned before somewhere between 65% and 70% or so of patients who are G551D on one allele or 508 on the other allele. So that's directly applicable to what we showed today. The other one though would be KALYDECO -- other KALYDECO responsive alleles, such as gating and residual function. And so, I think the math is a reasonable thing to do is to assume around 65% to 70% of all of those patients with the KALYDECO responsive allele on one side, we'll have 508 on the other side. The thing we don't yet know is what is really the numerator there, how many of all those residual functions are going to be responsive to KALYDECO. And that's what we're going to figure out as we begin to get the results from these NF1 trials. Did that answer your question okay?
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: It does.
Michael Partridge: Operator, I think we'll take 2 more questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Skorney of Robert W. Baird.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess the only thing I'm questioning, I sort of thought this was going to be a high hurdle because the patients were already on base one KALYDECO. I would've expected them to be relatively healthy. But just on the FEV1 measurement, I mean, actually it looks like they're sicker than patients who enrolled on the original KALYDECO Phase III study, who were on nothing. So can you just help us put this in context, how sick these patients really were even though they were on KALYDECO and how meaningful the improvement winds up being from the addition of 661?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff, Brian. I think that the -- first of all, I think it is a high hurdle, as you said, we were not sure given that. And the fact that's very high proportion of patients who get KALYDECO response, we were not sure that we'd able to show an improvement. I think that in terms of the baseline, when we look back, we do see some variability. Again, in terms of where patients end up after a period of time. I think this -- the patients' baseline characteristics here were a little lower, but really not out of the range that we might expect to see. And again, I think the fact that they were on stable KALYDECO for average of about 1 year, as we talked about, that's really, I think, just emphasizes the high hurdle that the small study had for showing a benefit. So -- and that's why we're enthused about the results.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Mehrotra of Crdit Suisse.
Koon Ching: This is Koon actually asking a question on behalf of Ravi. I just wanted to know if you'll comment on the range in the changes you saw in the absolute FEV1 and sweat chloride?
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: I think so. No, I really think -- as we said, this is really very early results. It's a small study. We're really going to have to continue evaluating it. We will be presenting the data in a scientific form in the coming year.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. Thanks for joining us this evening, and we look forward to catching up with most of you soon.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President  Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Robert Kauffman - Executive Officer Peter R. Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of The Scientific Advisory Board
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vertex Pharmaceuticals fourth quarter 2013 financial results conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you operator, and good evening, everyone. Joining me on tonight's call are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda tonight is as follows: Jeff will begin by reviewing Vertex's strategic business priorities for 2014, then Stuart will discuss fourth quarter product revenue and provide some commentary on the outlook for KALYDECO in 2014. And to close, Ian will review the full year 2013 financial results and our 2014 financial guidance. Joining us for Q&A will be Dr. Bob Kauffman, co-Chief Medical Officer; and Dr. Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer. We plan to conclude tonight's call at approximately 5:45 p.m. Please be considerate and limit your questions to 1 with a related follow-up. I'll note that information discussed on the conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q reports, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding the performance of KALYDECO and INCIVEK, our development plans and expectations and our guidance are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. Information regarding our use of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available on -- in our fourth quarter 2013 financial press release. The press release is on our website and I would also refer you to Slide 4 of tonight's webcast. Thank you, and I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening. We received approval for KALYDECO for patients 6 and older with the G551D mutation nearly 2 years ago. And since that time, we've made significant progress toward our broader goal of treating the vast majority of people with cystic fibrosis. KALYDECO is a transformative medicine, and I'd like to thank all the patients, families, doctors, nurses and caregivers, who are involved in the treatment of CF for their continued support, as we seek to help more people with this devastating disease over the coming year. Our strategy is to reach as many people with CF as possible with our medicines and to enhance the benefit for those that we treat. This will be a very important year for patients, for Vertex and for our investors. I'd like to briefly review Vertex's strategic priorities and goals for the year. The management team and I see this year as a year of execution for the company. If we're successful, this should deliver revenue and earnings growth for Vertex and its shareholders in 2015 and beyond. This execution has 3 main components. First, we must remain focused on investing in priority development programs, particularly CF, in order to launch multiple transformative medicines globally in the near future. Secondly, we will continue to invest in early-stage research. Research has been a growth engine for Vertex for many years, and we expect that it will produce many of our future medicines, including new clinical candidates in 2014. Finally, we're committed to maintaining financial strength to support investments to create new medicines. We enter 2014 in a strong financial position to invest in our future. We have approximately $1.47 billion in cash, no convertible debt and KALYDECO revenues that are expected to grow in 2014. During 2013, we worked on each part of our financial platform: revenue, expenses and the balance sheet. On the revenue side, we were able to launch KALYDECO successfully in Europe, and we're now reaching nearly all of the eligible G551D patients ages 6 and older in both the U.S. and Europe. We expect further growth this year pending KALYDECO geographic and label expansion. From a balance sheet perspective, we converted all $400 million of our convertible debt in 2013. We start 2014 with a significantly stronger net cash position. Finally, at the end of the year, we restructured the business to provide significant expected savings in our operating expenses going forward, with a reduction of approximately $150 million to $200 million in non-GAAP OpEx in 2014 compared to 2013. We expect our current financial strength to allow us to invest in our key development programs, particularly in CF, and still maintain a strong balance sheet as we exit this year. Looking back at 2013, I am proud of the execution that enabled us to meet or exceed these key goals, which are shown on Slide 7 that we shared with you at the beginning of last year. We're outlining our key priorities for you at the start of 2014 so that you can again measure our performance as the year progresses. You can see these on Slide 8. I'll point out a couple of things in particular. The KALYDECO label expansion efforts and related clinical data will be an important marker of our progress in helping more people with CF. Results from the Phase III TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies in the Delta F508 homozygous population that we expect to see midyear are a key milestone for the company, potentially enabling us to begin to treat an additional 28,000 patients or more. We plan to conduct a 12-week Phase II study of VX-661 plus ivacaftor in Delta F508 homozygous patients in the first half of this year. Our goal is to potentially position VX-661 to play a role in a triple combination with a next-generation corrector in the future. We're pleased that VX-661 has now been granted breakthrough therapy designation from the U.S. FDA. I had the opportunity to meet with many of our investors and analysts at the J.P. Morgan conference earlier this month, and I returned from the conference confident that investors and analysts are aligned with our key business priorities for the year. I look forward to speaking with you and updating you as we progress. And with that, I'll turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Good evening, everyone. Tonight, I'm pleased to report our fourth quarter product revenue, and outline our expectations for KALYDECO in 2014. First, KALYDECO generated $371 million in worldwide net revenues for the full year, and approximately $109 million in net revenues in the fourth quarter, including U.S. sales of $56 million and international sales of $53 million. These results are a testament both to the transformative nature of the medicine and the benefit it brings to patients. It's worth noting that our fourth quarter sales include approximately $8 million of inventory build and onetime business adjustments that we do not expect to be repeated in future quarters. We are now treating nearly all the eligible G551D patients in the U.S. and EU. We're forecasting growth for KALYDECO revenue in 2014 as outlined in the guidance we provided at J.P. Morgan, based on the following anticipated key drivers: First, geographic expansion, from securing public reimbursement in Canada and Australia. We estimate that there are approximately 200 eligible G551D patients in Australia and 100 in Canada. Secondly, label expansion into 2 potential patient populations: other non-G551D gating mutations and R-117H patients. For the non-G551D gating population, we have submitted an sNDA to the FDA with a PDUFA date of March 27. We've also submitted an MAA variation to the EMA for a similar label expansion in Europe and we are in discussions with regulators about that label expansion. We estimate there are approximately 150 patients in the U.S. and 200 patients in the EU who are 6 years and older with these gating mutations. We also see the potential to treat additional patients if we can successfully agree a regulatory path for people with CF who have the R117H mutation. To summarize, we expect these drivers to enable us to grow our KALYDECO revenue beginning in the second quarter and continuing throughout the year. Our goal, as always, is to enable patients who could benefit from KALYDECO to access the medicine as fast as possible. Turning briefly to INCIVEK. Fourth quarter revenues in North America were approximately $19 million, bringing the total revenue for 2013 to $466 million. The continued decline in revenue throughout 2013 can be attributed to a decrease in new patient starts, inventory drawdowns throughout the extended channel, and a decrease in the realized price due to a change in the payor mix. In summary, I'm pleased with our results in making KALYDECO available to more patients who may benefit from this medicine, and I look forward to updating you on our continued progress in this area in 2014. I'll now turn it over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Stuart, and good evening to everyone. Tonight I'd like to discuss our current financial position, our 2013 results and our financial strategies, including our 2014 financial guidance. For a detailed discussion of our 2013 financial results, please refer to our press release we issued earlier today. First, to our financial position and the progress we expect to make through this year. As Jeff mentioned, we are entering 2014 with approximately $1.47 billion in cash. This balance sheet strength, combined with our expected growth in KALYDECO revenues and other revenue sources, enables us to both invest in our pipeline and products and still exit the year with a strong balance sheet. Additionally, pending success with our late stage CF products, we have the potential to generate substantial cash flow and earnings in 2015 and beyond. Now to the 2013 results. We generated $1.2 billion in total revenues in 2013, including $838 million in product revenue. This was made up of $371 million in KALYDECO revenue, and $466 million in INCIVEK revenue. There were also approximately $157 million in royalty revenues, which includes $131 million in INCIVO royalties. Lastly, we recorded an additional $218 million in collaborative revenues, including the $152 million HCV royalty sale to J&J that we announced in November. Going forward, we will no longer receive INCIVO royalties. Turning now to 2014. We expect our total revenues to be in the range of $570 million to $600 million. We anticipate that this total revenue will be made up of approximately $470 million to $500 million in KALYDECO revenue, which Stuart discussed earlier, and approximately $100 million, which includes committed and contracted collaborative revenues and INCIVEK revenues. Now to our operating expense guidance. We anticipate 2014 non-GAAP operating expense to be $900 million to $950 million, a decrease of $150 million to $200 million from our 2013 non-GAAP OpEx of approximately $1.1 billion. The operating expense will vary quarter-to-quarter. However, we expect Q1 2014 to be lower than Q4 2013. And we expect the amount of lower in the second half of this year, given the timing of planned clinical trials and the realization of our previously announced cost reductions. The main components of our non-GAAP operating expenses are R&D expenses and SG&A expenses, and our guidance for these items is $665 million to $695 million and $235 million to $255 million, respectively. I'd now like to give you a breakdown of the R&D investments of the company. First, we plan to maintain our investment in basic research at approximately $200 million to support the creation of future medicines. This is very similar to our 2012 and 2013 levels. Second, we expect to spend between $380 million and $410 million on late-stage development programs, mainly related to our multiple cystic fibrosis programs. This amount includes significant supply chain investments to prepare for commercial supply for the potential clinical success of lumacaftor and ivacaftor combination. Finally, we expect to spend approximately $85 million on activities and obligations related to KALYDECO. These include safety pharmacovigilance, medical affairs, quality and post marketing commitments. Turning now to 2014 SG&A guidance of $235 million to $255 million. We expect a significant reduction in SG&A compared with $309 million in 2013. This is the result of reduced U.S. sales and marketing expenses for INCIVEK, as well as a continued focus on limiting spend to only necessary investments to support our CF medicines. Before I close, an item to note in our 2013 results is the asset write-down of VX-135 and the related deconsolidation of our relationship with Alios. We are required to review all assets recorded on our balance sheet for potential impairment on a regular basis. Based on the information we have today, including the clinical data and market data, our assessment was the $250 million carrying value of this asset was no longer justified. This impairment and deconsolidation actually results in a gain of approximately $68 million attributable to Vertex, which represents the net of all amounts expensed to date, versus the actual cash payments to Alios. Regarding the development of VX-135, our goal is to determine the best way to bring this medicine to patients and maximize the value. We remain in discussions with our 2 principal collaborators in HCV, Alios and BMS. Discussions are principally focused on the best way to advance this compound as part of our all-oral combinations and the financial arrangements of each party. We recognize that time is of the essence in this area, and we hope to reach a conclusion on development plans soon. In summary, we are committed to managing our operating expense at a decreased level compared to prior years, while maintaining our R&D investment to support future product creation, revenue growth and earnings. We're committed to exiting this year with a strong balance sheet. We're optimistic that 2014 will be a transformative year for patients, for Vertex and for investors. With that, I'll ask the operator to please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So when you looked at the data coming up in CF for KALYDECO monotherapy in one of the bigger populations, is the patients with residual function. My question is, what does your early data tell you about the treatment effect in this population relative to G551D? And then looking forward, how should we think about what a Phase III would look like depending on the Phase II outcome?
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob, Geoff. We haven't really looked at the data from that trial yet, it's not yet been analyzed, and so I can't really comment on what we've seen so far. You're familiar with the population of patients who are either pancreatic sufficient, or have only a modest sweat chloride increase, and we'll be anxious to see the results and I think our plans will come from there.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The earlier data I meant, when you look at some of your in vitro data, we thought that we could measure the effect size in the sweat chloride activity, relative to other mutation.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. I mean, the effect size is, in many cases, comparable to what we see with the G551D with KALYDECO monotherapy, in vitro. So we expect that to be in many of the mutations that result in residual function, that we'll see a similar level of activity. I will remind you though that we also saw this in our R117H and the results of that study were somewhat complicated, so we're waiting to see the results of the clinical trial of residual function to really get a sense to how to proceed.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then, just last one on that, just because of the population being much bigger than G551D or R117H, do you imagine that a Phase III would have to be a lot larger? Would this potentially be, say a 500 or even a 1,000 patient population, in terms of the design of the Phase III, or do you feel like you can get this done in a relatively, sort of narrow study that would be, for example, like 12-week? [ph]
Robert Kauffman: Yes, I can't really speculate on that, but I will point out, obviously we have a fairly large safety database already on KALYDECO monotherapy that we'll be able to utilize to support the safety in this indication also. So it's something we'll have to discuss with the agency.
Operator: And our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up question on R117H, and then a financial question, Ian. The boundaries of R117H's contribution, is it -- are they in or out, is R117H in or out of guidance for 2014? And what are the potential outcomes of those discussions, in terms of revenue contribution? And then Ian, could you just clarify how much, you were very clear about what was in the OpEx, but how much incremental cash burn will you have on top of the OpEx during the year, so we can back into where cash might be at year-end?
Ian F. Smith: I'm going to answer the second question first, Jeff. So we haven't given guidance, as you can see, on where we expect our cash position to be, end of the year. The way that we manage our balance sheet is looking to cash from multiple sources, and if you look at the 2013 financials and then also, when we file our 10-K in a couple of weeks, you'll be able to see that we do get our cash from multiple sources. The way that we'd like to measure our cash burn, and it's one of the reasons why we give non-GAAP guidance is that the non-GAAP lost tends to be a very good proxy for our cash burn. There are some noncash items in there, but they're both positive and negative. Things like option exercise money or capital expenditures. And when you step back and look at our financials, what you tend to find is the non-GAAP guidance that we provide equates or gives an approximation to our cash burn, because we're managing the balance sheet in that way. So I would take a look at the K and understand it that way, and then also understand that the non-GAAP is a reasonable approximation.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Right, and R117H?
Ian F. Smith: Could you just remind me of that question again, Jeff?
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes, my -- is R117H in or out of the guidance for this year? And regardless, what are the potential sort of boundaries of what you might get from your regulatory discussions with R117H, and how much that revenue opportunity could be?
Ian F. Smith: Yes. So there is a piece of R117H and consistent with the communication we made at the end of last year, we want to have a discussion with the FDA regarding a filing opportunity, regarding patients 18 and older. So we're proceeding ahead there, and somewhat optimistic. So we would look forward to a contribution from that patient population financially in 2014. So -- but it's small, because you've got to go through the review period and the approval and then you've got to launch in that patient population, it's US-based principally, there is a slight delay of timelines in Europe, so it's a small contribution. And then, I'd take the opportunity of your question, actually to hand it over to Stuart, to maybe, Stuart just can give you an idea of how the revenue for KALYDECO builds through the year, so you can understand how we get to where we provided the guidance.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, so Jeff, I think -- first thing, is probably to ground people on what the run rate is as we exited 2013 and as I said, we did $109 million in the fourth quarter. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about $8 million of that was some inventory build towards the end of the year, and some other onetime business adjustments. So our run rate as we exit '13 is just north of $100 million a quarter. And as I outlined, we've really got kind of 2 ways that we think we're likely to grow KALYDECO in 2014. The first one is kind of geographic expansion, and we have ongoing discussions regarding reimbursement in Canada and Australia, they've been ongoing for a while, and we continue to be in very active negotiations with both of those reimbursement authorities. We also have label expansions in the non-G551D gating, that's filed, both in the European Union and here in the U.S., and if successful, we'd expect that to contribute to future growth. And as Ian said, R117H is in the range of possibilities encompassed by our current guidance. But clearly, we have to have discussions with the regulatory authorities, we have to put filings in and then certainly in Europe, we've then got to secure reimbursement. And so as a contributor to our overall revenues in 2014, that's likely to be a very small contribution compared to some of those other growth drivers that I've mentioned.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI.
Unknown Analyst: [indiscernible] sitting in for Mark. Just maybe change the topic a little bit to VX-135. A few questions that come to mind, but just to sort of stick with one. Maybe perhaps you can give us, if there is sort of an understanding as to the relapse that occurred in the 200 milligram post-daclatasvir arm, whether there's an understanding as to the reasoning, whether it was deep sequencing, whether a possible mutation was seen?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. Sequencing is ongoing in that study, we don't have any results yet. So I think we'll report those likely at a medical meeting.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rachel McMinn from Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was a little bit surprised by the R&D numbers. It looks like there's a pretty big step down there, just the split in OpEx, not the total OpEx. But I guess I wanted to, can you maybe walk through in a little bit more granularity what the color -- how to think about that over the course of the year? And then, as a follow-up to that on the HCV side, if I'm understanding your comments there, should we assume at this point your guidance contains no HCV expenses, either legacy telaprevir expenses or for 135? And I guess, in your ongoing discussions with Bristol, is that like a non-starter for you, you're just -- you're not spending anything on Hep C?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, I'm just scribbling down the questions, so I can get to all of them. So first of all, the trend of our operating expense, I'll start by saying that what you see is our operating expense in Q4 2013. You should see a 5% to 10% decline as we go into Q1 of 2014. And then, when you look through the year, it oscillates around, based on the timing of certain clinical trials. However, it's not significant. And we do anticipate -- and we also just anticipate, it might be a slightly lower run rate in Q3 and Q4, and that's just given that the timing of our major trial that we have ongoing with TRANSPORT and TRAFFIC. So in summary, there should be slight tickdown in Q1 compared to the prior quarter. And then, as we go through the year, you should anticipate less in Q3 and Q4, but not significantly. As far as the questions on HCV, we have some small costs that we still incur in HCV, relating to telaprevir and those are like post-marketing commitments that unfortunately, we're still contracted with the FDA to perform and complete. We actually exclude those as part of the restructuring of HCV, so that they don't get charged to P&L. And also, they do not have any future benefits in our perspective, and that's why we don't incur them. And then as far as marketing and sales, to the ones supporting INCIVEK, that is absolutely negligible at this point in time.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Ian, you might want to comment on the -- how we're treating R&D expense for HCV, in and out of the budget. You talked about that part, I think that's really [indiscernible].
Ian F. Smith: Yes, I'm not sure, Rachel. But did that -- was I -- did I answer your questions? Hello, Rachel?
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So HCV, though, with 135, is that completely out of your future...
Ian F. Smith: I see. Thank you for clarifying. So as we discussed at JPMorgan, our OpEx operating expense guidance of $900 million to $950 million includes $40 million to $50 million. But that's still in there. We're not spending against that though, I want to be clear on that. We're not spending against that at this point in time as we decide on the direction for the program. As I've said, in some of my earlier remarks, we are in discussions with both our principal partners in this area, both BMS and Alios. And so as we work through that -- those discussions, we'll be back to you, not only just with the direction, but the impact on our operating expense, if any. And we hope it to be soon.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I had a question on 661, and obviously, you're starting a Phase II study in homozygous there, it's almost, sort of like a small replication of a Phase III. But I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on how you view the profile of that drug, and whether you'd expect it to be any different from an efficacy profile, versus 809, which we're going to get a Phase III reading on, and the value and readthrough, and what can we glean from that data, and whether you'd expect that to be after the Phase III data, maybe you can sort of run through your thoughts on 661.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. So the study that we're about to start is a 12-week study, safety, efficacy and PK, 661 plus ivacaftor. And I think our thoughts about the profile of that compound really haven't changed at all. This is just the next step in the process, and we continue to be quite pleased with the results that we've seen so far with 661. I wouldn't describe it as sort of a prelude to Phase III, it's a standalone Phase IIa study, and the results will obviously help us going forward. In terms of activity, it's very hard to speculate without seeing the data, but certainly, we were pretty happy with the outcome of the 28-day study that we reported last spring. And at the same time, in vitro, we think the activity of 809 and 661 are relatively similar in homozygous HBE cells. But until we see the clinical data with the longer dosing period, I think it's a little bit hard to speculate on that.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Michael, just strategically, this is Jeff, remind you that how we're thinking about 661, as part of the portfolio. The primary way we're thinking about it is, eventually, it's part of a triple, with a first and second-generation corrector that will allow us to both increase activity in homozygotes and potentially, of course pending the data, reach heterozygotes as well. The other potential use of 661, I guess, is as a so-called backup for 809, in double therapy. And once we see the results of 809 mid-year, and then we see the results of this Phase II trial, we'll be in a position to give you a lot more strategic information about how we're going to proceed.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Let me just ask that quick follow-up. Obviously, we're planning for success. Were 809 not to work, there is some thinking that 661 would ultimately, could still be used in a homozygous setting if you had dual corrector. Not just hetero, but homo, so you'd just be delayed, is that the thinking there?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Correct.
Robert Kauffman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's kind of a logical extension of the earlier question on the R&D spend. Presumably, if the CF program is positive, you'll have more financial flexibility going forward. So I was wondering if you can describe, bigger picture, how you see a ramping up of R&D efforts again, and where do you get the programs, how fast can you ramp? Generally, what's your vision for R&D, longer-term?
Ian F. Smith: So vision for R&D, I'll leave it to Jeff and Peter to talk about that. But in terms of the investment profile for the company, we don't see -- we get asked this question frequently, which is, that if your revenues increase and increase significantly, do you spend more of them in R&D? The way that we view our financial investment in the area of R&D in the company right now, on a research basis is, we're very comfortable with the level of investment in research. And it's been productive and it's produced the pipeline that we have today, and hopefully will continue to provide new clinical candidates. We see it as a nice profile that we have multiple sites, they're smaller sites, they're highly focused in certain areas. And so we don't see a significant change in research investment. From a development perspective, development is a function and really, only changes if you're moving into late-stage development with significant trials. And again, it's not a function of a potential revenue, it's more of a function of opportunity. And so if there is the opportunity there that we believe can translate into future medicines, then we will be investing in those drugs. Overall, when you roll this into how we look at the operating expense profile for the company, we see the ability to drive revenue growth, pending the success of the important trials this year, but we really see the opportunity to drive significant revenue growth while not seeing a significant increase in operating expense. We just don't see that. Which therefore, gives us the leverage from the revenues on top of something that's -- may marginally grow on operating expense, but it gives you the opportunity to generate significant earnings and cash flow. That's the profile that we're trying to manage to and be very selective about where we place our investments in R&D. I don't know whether Jeff or Peter wants to comment on R&D vision.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, Peter has been doing a lot of nice work on R&D vision and strategy going forward. So maybe Peter, you have a few comments on how you're thinking about that. It's been a productive organization, but the environment's changing in very interesting ways, and we're going to change with it.
Peter R. Mueller: So I want to be brief, because there would be many things to be said to know what's going on. I think #1, I think Ian phrased it nicely, I think we have a productive R&D or research engine that basically produces on a continuous basis, molecules. And I have high confidence that, that will also happen as we go forward. Now in terms of focus, I think there is a change in the landscape out there that makes some adjustments necessary as you go forward in the future. It is not symptomatic regimens any longer that basically drives the show, it is transformational regimens that will drive the show and driven by outcome and health care. Visibility to outcome is basically sort of the new hallmark that you have to shoot for, and it drives us into diseases and disease approaches that deliver transformational outcome. That's our key focus. And that's our security, what's transformational, depending what disease you are in. We will be very specific to basically look into those type of approaches and mechanisms. And as we go forward, that will not be just limited to fundamentals, more molecule approaches. There will be broader efforts, in terms of cell therapeutic approaches, gene therapies and any of those that you can imagine. We are currently looking into what might play a role here, and that sort of, I would say high level of vision. So there is a broader platform into transformational outcomes in diseases of specialty need that's I think what we are shooting for.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I appreciate the perspective there. Ian, a quick financial follow-up. You mentioned in the release a couple of weeks ago, $60 million in interest expense in 2014, if I'm not mistaken, but I didn't see it in today's release. Does that still stand? Can you clarify if that's GAAP or non-GAAP?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, that still stands. And it is a GAAP and it's an interest charge that relates to -- well, it's actually a net interest charge because it's partly, it's an interest return from our invested capital, it's on our balance sheet, but it's principally driven by an interest charge on the lease of our building. And that's still there.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But it's going to be non-GAAPed out?
Ian F. Smith: No, we will leave it in, it is a GAAP number.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just for Bob, about the long-term strategy in F508del and the role of potentiators. What's the latest understanding of the channel open probability in F508 CFTR? I'm sort of just wondering if your view is multiple correctors, such as those within your portfolio, could ultimately get to comparable activity without the need for KALYDECO. And to that end, I'm wondering if you can give any more specific updates on the second, the next-generation correctors you're pursuing, in terms of timeline number we'll see move into the clinic this year. Thanks.
Robert Kauffman: So, this is Bob. So, just the last question first is, our timeline remains what we've said before, how we expect to have a clinical candidate by the end of 2014, depending on how things go, there could be more than one clinical candidate, but that's likely the earliest one. In terms of the channel of improbability, I think our general outlook at this point is that for F508del, with homozygotes and heterozygotes, kind of the rate-limiting piece of this is the amount of correction that one can obtain, since potentiators are quite active on F508del CFTR once they get to the cell surface. I think our general thinking is, we likely will always be in a situation where we're going to be wanting to use a potentiator in combination with a corrector. Since I think, just our looking at the additive effects of all these molecules on one another, in order to really get substantial CFTR activity, we're probably going to need basically, 3 drugs, 2 correctors and a potentiator.
Operator: And our next question comes from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to get some commentary on what combination you think might be adequate to start targeting the heterozygotes?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, Liisa, it's Jeff. As we've said before, the -- our thinking about this is really informed by the cell biology experiments. And you'll remember that in those experiments, double correctors, I'm sorry, corrector plus potentiators, single correctors, 809 plus KALYDECO, or 661 plus KALYDECO, really doesn't get you to the chloride transport that has been predictive of good clinical activity, and that's been borne out even in the clinical experiments we've done in the heterozygotes. So in contrast, when you use a first generation corrector, a second-generation corrector in KALYDECO, you get to levels of activity in the heterozygous cells that are similar to what you see with a single corrector 809 plus KALYDECO, and that does read out in the clinic. And that's really the basis of our assumption that 3 drugs, as Bob said, a first gen corrector, a second gen corrector and KALYDECO, are going to be necessary to reach the heterozygotes. The only exception being those heterozygotes who might be 508 on 1 allele and KALYDECO-responsive on the other allele. And as you know, we're testing those with a combination of 661 plus KALYDECO right now, in a 4-week study.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: And then, just, can you remind us when we might see usage of KALYDECO in patients below age 6 for the G551D population? Thanks.
Robert Kauffman: So that was -- that study is supposed to read out in the second quarter, and it's on track for that. That's a 2- to 5-year-old study.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you can update us on the IP for the combination, with respect to maybe just remind us on composition for 809 and 661, and then any combination patents that you might have?
Ian F. Smith: Firstly, the patent protection goes to mid-2020s, but I can get the precise years for you, Terence, after we get off of the call, but it's principally in the mid- and late-2020s.
Peter R. Mueller: I think that's correct and in terms of composition, in terms of combination, I think we have filed in each of those patents, combination patents.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And when would those go out to? Like, what would be the latest, those -- the combo patents would cover to?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, it covers through the mid 2020s, Terence. But I can take a look at the dates and get back to you later.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ying Huang from Barclays.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Quick one is, what should we expect from the 4-week Phase II study for the KALYDECO and 661 combo, in one allele of G551D and then one allele of 508del. And then, can you give us your thoughts about the importance of secondary endpoints from the ongoing TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies, in terms of regulatory approval, and also reimbursement from the payors, such as exacerbation reduction and weight gain?
Ian F. Smith: Ying, thanks for the question. I'm going to get Bob to talk to the 508, 551, 661 study, and maybe Stuart will follow-up with the secondary markers that we're measuring.
Robert Kauffman: So again, we expect to have data in the second quarter on the, that Phase II study with KALYDECO and 661, and F508del, G551D heterozygotes. These are people that are already on KALYDECO commercially, and are enrolled in the study to add 661 on top for 4 weeks, and a 4-week off period. And then the assessment, and we'll have results in the second quarter.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, on the secondary endpoints, I mean, they are clearly going to be of interest to the regulators. Just to remind you, in TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT, we have things like exacerbations and weight gain, hospitalizations, quality-of-life. So they're clearly of interest to the regulators, whilst they still maintain a firm commitment to FEV1 as the primary regulatory endpoint. As far as reimbursement authorities go, I would say they're even more important than FEV1 for a couple of reasons. Firstly, some of these secondary endpoints are of even more importance to providers and patients. And from a payor's perspective, they are also very important as they are important from a cost avoidance perspective. If you can reduce exacerbations, if you can reduce hospitalizations, if you can be reducing concomitant medications, then clearly, those are important cost offsets. So the secondary endpoints are incredibly important, both from a regulatory point of view and from a reimbursement point of view.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then Bob, if I may just have a follow up. So I guess we shouldn't expect additional FEV1 from the 4-week study, right? Maybe it's some incremental secondary benefits here?
Robert Kauffman: Not to speculate, but obviously, we're clearly looking at FEV1 as one of the readouts to determine if the combination actually has a benefit over the individual agent. We'll see how the results come when we get them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So quickly, so just to be clear, if you hit your primary endpoint, I'm talking about that 809 combo trial, you hit the primary endpoint but miss secondary endpoints. And you maybe believe you won't field a secure, strong reimbursement or good pricing because you missed the secondary points, would you just wait to file with maybe the combo or the triple? And the second question is, Ian, you mentioned at JPMorgan, talking about looking at products that are synergistic and additive and competitive. Given the cash position, what kind of deals are you thinking are optimal? Licensing, partnerships, M&A ?
Ian F. Smith: I'll look for Bob to take the first question in terms of filing with -- when we meet the primary -- if we meet the primary endpoints, and Bob?
Robert Kauffman: Yes, I mean, obviously, we're hoping to hit on more than just the primary endpoint. But certainly, if we hit the primary, we will file, and bring this medicine to patients who need it.
Ian F. Smith: And Robyn, on types of transactions or collaborations that we're looking for, clearly, our focus right now is on what the VX-509 and VX 787, 787 being the molecule for, potentially, to help with flu. So we'll continue to have discussions. In particular, we've just recently received the 24-week data for VX-509, that allows us to continue those discussions. And as those progress through this year, we'll advise you appropriately.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just as a follow-up, just to be clear, if the 809 combination trial. So say, you don't hit your secondary endpoints, would you then potentially begin exploring another homozygous trial with the other combo, to maybe secure -- get a drug on the market or a combo on the market, in that population that maybe does have better value to the patient?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, and if I misunderstood your first question, I'm sorry, I thought that's where you focused. But also, a part of our approach to this area is to, as we mentioned back at NACF, back in October, we're more active than we've ever been, in terms of scouring the landscape. Yes, we want to look for technologies, assets, molecules, approaches, that can be complementary, as well as maybe competitive. And so we have a kind of a learning in this space, when we were once [ph] in prior disease. And today, as we go out and we look around, we do see some opportunities to enhance our position in CF. As far as the particular question you're asking me about, the 809, well, Jeff mentioned about the strategy with 661, but not only can that be -- play a role in the triple regimen where you've got the dual correctors, but we also see that as a potential to play as a backup if needed. And I think that strategy, if you have more shots, it's better. We're committed to this disease, long-term. We think we've got a good understanding of the mechanism of actions and how we can get these medicines to patients. And so, we're going to keep going. We're committed to this space and we think we're doing some incredible things for these patients, and we want to broaden our efforts.
Michael Partridge: Operator, it's now past our planned stop time for the call. We think we have time for 2 more questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Mehrotra from Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you give us any more color on your neurological disorder research efforts, in particular your MS program, specifically whether this program looks at remyelination?
Ian F. Smith: I'll just quickly answer that, actually, Ravi, yes it does look to remyelination. It's an early stage program, it's in preclinical. As we progress in all these different areas that we have in research, we'll decide to take the cover off at the appropriate time. We look forward to doing that, but yes, we do have a program in MS, and it is a remyelination approach.
Operator: And our next question comes from Katherine Xu from William Blair.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just have a very quick question. Now, you have patients over 6 years old of G551D, they're pretty much all on drugs. Just curious, can you disclose the number of patients in the U.S. versus Europe?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes. We think overall, there's about 2,200 patients, 6 years and older in the U.S. Europe, and also in Australia or in Canada. And as we've said, nearly all of those have started therapy in the U.S. and Europe, and we would hope to be able to do something similar in terms of bringing benefit to about the same number of patients in Canada and Australia, once we've been able to secure public reimbursement.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: How much -- how many U.S. versus in Europe, each?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: It's roughly a 50-50 split for G551D.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, everyone, for tuning in tonight. Kelly Lewis and I are in our offices if you have any additional questions. Have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Robert Kauffman Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Third Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator. This morning, we announced our third quarter financial results and in conjunction with that, the decision to reduce our workforce and to focus our investment on future opportunities in cystic fibrosis and other key R&D programs. On the call today, Jeff Leiden, Vertex's Chairman and CEO; will comment on these announcements in the context of Vertex's long-term strategy. Then Bob Kauffman, Vertex's Chief Medical Officer, will review Vertex's weakened clinical progress in the areas of cystic fibrosis and also review the current status of our hepatitis C and JAK3 development programs. Following that, Ian Smith Vertex's CFO, will review financial results and provide some perspective on the financial impact of today's announcement on Vertex's profile going forward. Please note that Stuart Arbuckle and Peter Mueller are not available to be on the call this morning. They are communicating with their teams regarding the reduction in workforce announced today. It is our intention to conclude today's call before 09:30 a.m. After the call, we will be available in our offices for follow-up. Before we begin, I will note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in detail in our 10-K and 10-Q reports, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also in the press release announcing our results this morning. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding the commercial performance of INCIVEK and KALYDECO, our development plans and expectations and our guidance are based on management's current assumptions. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our third quarter 2013 financial press release, and is described on Slide 4 of this morning's webcast. I'll now turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. Given the nature of today's announcements, I know we are joined by a significant number of Vertex employees, members of the media and other interested parties, as well as many investors and analysts. I'd like to thank all of you for joining the call. Today, we made 2 announcements. The first was to announce the reduction in workforce related to INCIVEK and the resulting focus of investment into our opportunities in cystic fibrosis and our research in early development programs including all-oral regimens for hepatitis C. This include the elimination of 370 positions. We made this decision in response to continued and rapid decline in hepatitis C treatment rates, which resulted in the reduced use of our marketed therapy, INCIVEK. The overall reduction in hepatitis C treatment has occurred its physicians and patients anticipate the arrival of new treatment regimens. We reached the point where our level of investment and support for INCIVEK was beyond what we believe is necessary to support future physician and patient demand. The groups most impacted by this decision are those related to the promotion and development of INCIVEK. Related G&A infrastructure has also been reduced. This announcement today represents perhaps the most difficult choice for a company to make, and we did not make this decision lightly. Vertex is a very special place. The creativity, passion and dedication of employees define us as a company. The hepatitis C market however has changed very rapidly. Reduction in workforce is difficult but it's the right thing for our business, particularly in light of the significant potential we have for future growth. Going forward our investment and our people are focused on 2 key areas. One, our CF programs; and 2, our earlier stage research and involvement programs including VX-135, as part of all-oral regimens for hepatitis C. INCIVEK was and still is a breakthrough medicine. It transforms the treatment of genotype 1 hepatitis C patients by doubling cure rates in half the time. Since launch in 2011, more than 100,000 patients have been treated worldwide with this medicine. INCIVEK has transformed our company as well, bringing in more than $2.8 billion in revenues and royalties since launch and creating a foundation from which we can execute a broad strategy to drive sustained growth. We're continuing to make significant progress against the strategy, which we discussed with you earlier this year, and I'd like to spend the next few minutes reviewing our progress with you. The first part of the strategy is prioritizing our development investment to advance our cystic fibrosis pipeline. 2 weeks ago at the NACF conference, we told you about our progress towards expanding the number of CF patients we can treat and maximizing the clinical benefit we can achieve with our transformative CF medicines. We're on track to get key data later in 2013 and throughout 2014. The second part of the strategy is to focus our research and early development efforts on innovative medicines for serious diseases. In hepatitis C, we continue to pursue a potential opportunity to participate in a future market of all-oral regimens with development of VX-135 our nucleotide polymerase inhibitor. We remain committed to innovation, and I expect you will hear more about some of our emerging early stage programs in 2014. Although it is still early, areas of significant progress include novel approaches in oncology, next-generation correctors for CF, the small molecule approaches for progressive multiple sclerosis. As discussed previously, we also made a decision to seek a partner to advance global development of our JAK3 inhibitor, VX-509. We've recently obtained positive 12-week results from a Phase IIb study of VX-509, which will be presented as a late breaker at the ACR conference in San Diego later today. We are committed to pursuing a potential collaboration for further development of VX-509. The third part of our strategy is to maintain our financial strength. This will support our continued investments to drive the creation of new medicines. We finished the third quarter with more than $1.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. In summary, we are focusing our business towards cystic fibrosis and earlier stage pipeline programs. We're well-positioned as we move into 2014. Ian, will describe the financial implications in more detail during his remarks. I'd like to conclude by thanking and recognizing the many colleagues who have contributed to the success of INCIVEK and the success of Vertex. I'll be meeting with Vertex employees today and tomorrow, I'll tell you, what I'll tell them. The management team and I are at deeply grateful for everything they've done and continue to do to transform lives. Vertex remains a company dedicated to the creation of transformative medicines. KALYDECO and INCIVEK have benefited so many patients and there is much more that we can do to bring innovative medicines to the people who need them. Thank you. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Robert Kauffman: Thanks, Jeff and good morning. My remarks will focus on 3 important clinical areas for the company. First, I'll recap the updates we gave on our CF development pipeline at the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference earlier this month. Then I will review the current status of our nucleotide polymerase inhibitor VX-135. Finally, I'll review some of the highlights of the VX-509 RA data that are being presented today at ACR. Beginning with cystic fibrosis. We presented a comprehensive update in Salt Lake City, 2 weeks ago during the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference. I will briefly summarize the main points here. First, key clinical data to help understand the full potential of ivacaftor monotherapy is expected to be available in the next 8 months. The key studies and anticipated timing of the data for ivacaftor monotherapy are shown on Slide 6 on the webcast. These include Phase III studies and the other gating mutations and R117H populations, as well as the study in children ages 2 through 5 with gating mutations. And the proof of concept study in patients with residual function. If successful, we believe ivacaftor monotherapy has the potential to reach more than 7,000 people with CF. Second, we have completed enrollment in our TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT Phase III studies evaluating fixed dose combinations of lumacaftor, otherwise known as VX-809 and ivacaftor, and F508del homozygous patients ages 12 and older. We are evaluating multiple endpoints in Phase III, including our primary endpoint of lung function as measured by relative change from baseline in FEV1 and secondary endpoints including change in weight, rate of pulmonary exacerbations, and change in quality of life is measured by the CFQ-R. If successful with the combination of lumacaftor and ivacaftor in F508del homozygotes patients, we may expand the treatment population by another 28,000 patients. We expect to have data from these studies in mid-2014. Third, VX-661. For VX-661, we see 2 principle potential roles. The first role representing our primary strategy is as a first generation corrector, as part of a triple combination that includes a next-generation corrector and ivacaftor. To potentially create a combination medicine for F508del heterozygote patients that may also enhance benefit in the F508del homozygotes population. To further this strategy, we plan to advance VX-661 in to a 12-week Phase IIb study in combination with ivacaftor and F508del homozygous patients. This study is designed to provide safety and efficacy data for VX-661 and ivacaftor and we expect to initiate the study in the first quarter of next year, following approval of the study protocol by regulatory authorities. In addition, VX-661 could serve to enhance efficacy in an F508del heterozygous population that is known to respond KALYDECO. For example, in patients with G551D on one [indiscernible] and F508del on the other [indiscernible] by correcting the F508del CFTR protein produces in these cells, which can then be potentiated by KALYDECO. We have now begun enrolling a 4-week proof of concept study, evaluating VX-661 and ivacaftor in patients with both the G551D and F508del mutations. We anticipate data from both of these VX-661 studies in 2014. Now onto hepatitis C. Our goal is to develop VX-135 as part of a potential all-oral 12-week or less pan-genotypic regimen with high viral cure rates. We have conducted 2 studies of VX-135 with ribavirin, principally, to evaluate the safety of VX-135 over the course of 12 weeks. Data from a 20-patient study conducted in Moldova is being presented at AASLD. VX-135 was well tolerated in this study and we are reporting an SVR12 rate of 10% and 50%, respectively, in the 100- and 200-milligram groups in this study. Additionally, in the U.S. study of 10 patients receiving the 100-milligram dose of VX-135, we are reporting an SVR4 rate of 10%. A 20-patient study of VX-135 in declatasvir an NS5A inhibitor from Bristol-Myers Squibb is ongoing in New Zealand. We expect safety and efficacy data from this study in the first quarter of 2014. Our plan is to analyze and discuss the data with regulators and our partner, to determine the next steps. We have a complete DDI study of VX-135 and simeprevir, otherwise known as TMC435 and we are discussing with the J&J the design of potential additional studies for this combination. VX-135 is on partial clinical hold in the U.S. Before finalizing a response to the FDA on the hold, we have decided to include 12-week safety in SVR data from the current VX-135 and declatasvir study as part of our submission. Lastly, an update on our JAK3 inhibitor VX-509. Later today, 12-week data from a 350-patients, 24-week Phase IIb study of VX-509 dosed once and twice-daily in combination with methotrexate in patients with rheumatoid arthritis is being presented as an oral leg-breaker at the American College of Rheumatology meeting. We have already summarize the key 12-week results in a press release on October 18, when the abstract was published online. In this study, response to therapy was rapid. All VX-509 dose arms had statistically significant ACR20 improvements over placebo by week one. A further comment I will make on these data, is that the ACR50 and 70 rates in patients treated with the VX-509 were significantly greater compared to placebo at the 12-week evaluation point and still appear to be increasing. We await the week 24 analysis of these efficacy and safety endpoints. These results further validate JAK3 as a potentially valuable mechanism to treat autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. With that I'll turn it over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thank you, Bob. I'll start with today's announcement to reduce our workforce and focus our investment, and how such actions affects the company financially as we enter 2014. I'll then provide direction on our anticipated financial profile for 2014 and discuss our third quarter financial results. While there are many strong financial aspects to our business, in particular, our current cash position and our growing revenues from KALYDECO, the decline in the hepatitis C treatment rates has occurred at a rapid pace and this has adversely affected our near-term revenue outlook. We have therefore chosen to restructure our business. Our developments in commercial investment will be focused on multiple opportunities in cystic fibrosis, which have the potential to drive significant revenue growth in the near-term and also focused our most promising early-stage research and development programs, including development of all-oral regimens for hepatitis C. We've also adjusted our infrastructure support, our G&A investment to reflect the updates of needs of our business. These actions reduced our headcount by 370 people or approximately 15% of our workforce and also include a reduction in other spending, principally those areas that support INCIVEK. We expect to incur a total restructuring charge of approximately $35 million to $45 million in 2013, including a restructuring charge of approximately $11 million in the third quarter of 2013. Importantly, these actions align our organization and our financial investment with the growth opportunities we see for our future. With clinical success in KALYDECO label expansion studies, success in addressing F508del homozygote patients with our combination therapy and potential to further expand the number of CF patients we may treat. We have the possibility of emerging in 2015 as a high-growth, high-operating margin business with significant cash flow and earnings. We intend to continue to manage our business in this way, while continuing to invest in product creation for the future. I'd now like to provide some specific commentary on our financial profile, as we head into 2014. First, from a balance sheet perspective. We finished the third quarter with more than $1.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and we expect to complete 2013 and enter 2014 with $1.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. This cash position is a strong starting point for 2014 and along with our growing CF revenues can fund 2014, a period when we receive important clinical data that sets the potential product revenue growth for the future. Next. From an operating perspective. We expect 2014 total non-GAAP OpEx to be approximately $150 million to $200 million lower than the forecast of approximately $1.1 billion for 2013. The lower OpEx in 2014 is the result of reductions in our workforce and the realignment of our investment. More specifically, we see: 1, a $60 million to $70 million reduction in payroll and related costs; 2, a reduction of $30 million to $50 million in commercial and other expenses, primarily those to support hepatitis C sale and marketing; 3, a net reduction in R&D of approximately $35 million to $50 million, which reflects INCIVEK, VX-509 and other development costs coming down. This is netted against the expected increase investment in cystic fibrosis; and 4, a reduction of $25 million to $30 million in G&A costs and expenses. We continue to analyze and plan our business and will provide a further update to know the 2014. I'll just make a quick comment, that we expect research investments to remain relatively consistent between 2013 and 2014. We believe this level of ongoing operating expense provides financial leverage in our business, as we move beyond 2014 with a potential revenue growth in cystic fibrosis. Now turning to the third quarter 2013 results. Total revenues were $220 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses, which exclude costs of product revenues and other charges were $276 million for a non-GAAP loss of $74 million or $0.32 per share. Now for the more detailed results. In the third quarter, total KALYDECO revenues grew a $101 million, reflecting the fact that we are treating nearly all G551D patients in the U.S. and the EU. With the sale to date in 2013 and the visibility we have into the fourth quarter revenues, we have increased our 2013 KALYDECO net revenue guidance to between $360 million and $365 million from a previous range of $345 million to $360 million. As we have stated previously, we see the potential for KALYDECO growth in 2014 based on the following: Achieving reimbursement for G551D patients in Australia and Canada; and 2, expansion of KALYDECO label into additional populations. INCIVEK revenues in the third quarter were $86 million. This decrease in INCIVEK revenues compared to the second quarter stems from a smaller number of patients entering treatment, as the next wave of treatment regimens is anticipated, as well as a reduction channel inventory and lower realized revenue per unit sold after mix shift to government payers. INCIVO royalties were $21 million compared to $44 million in the second quarter, driven by both patient warehousing and seasonal treatments -- seasonal changes in treatments. Finally, collaborative and other revenues in the third quarter were $14 million. Based on the sharper than unanticipated decline in hepatitis C product in royal revenues -- royalty revenues, we are revising our total 2013 revenue guidance down by approximately $100 million to $1 billion to $1.05 billion. Now to our non-GAAP operating expenses of $276 million, which excludes cost of product revenues and other charges. This was lower than the prior quarter and was made up of approximately $202 million in R&D investments and $74 million in SG&A expenses. We expect 2013 non-GAAP operating expense to be approximately $1.1 billion, which is at the low end of the guidance range of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion that we provided in February of 2013. In summary, I hope the financial results reported today and the actions we've taken are understood, in the context of how we are seeking to advance our business. In particular, I have provided some clarity around the opportunities for our revenues and earnings growth that we see ahead of us and now we are managing our investment and aligning our business with our financial growth opportunity. I'd now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just in light of the INCIVEK decision. Does this change the internal quarter rate for you guys for VX-135 moving forward? I guess, I just want to get a sense for how you're thinking about hep C as we go forward.
Ian F. Smith: Geoff. I'll take that. I think is that internal hurdle rate, can I just clarify?
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, that's right.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. So it is an early stage program, proof of concept study into the combination therapy that we're running VX-135 with the declatasvir. As we look at that study, I mean, we need to get the data which we anticipate will be in the first quarter 2014, and at that point, we'll decide on how we progress our business. We are very and -- for AC overall therapies . We're very aware of the external environment, it's progressing fast, it's highly competitive, and we're going to be taking that into account when we get our data from this combination study that's been run down in New Zealand and we'll advise you at that point, in early 2014.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Perfect. And just one follow-up if I could on CF. for 661, for ivacaftor, when you're looking at the G551D and the delta F hetero patient, how fast do you think when you get the proof of concept data? What could be the next steps there? Do you feel like you'd have to do a full-on Phase IIb, that's a 12-week study or do you feel like you could get into a faster population at the Phase III setting?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob, I'll take that question. Obviously, depending on the results, we think we could move really fairly quickly into a more advanced program. Obviously, this would take some discussion with the regulatory agencies, once we have the results of the study to decide on the next steps. But given the track record of ivacaftor and what we're developing in knowledge about 661, we could probably move into Phase II study fairly quickly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges of Sanford and Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Couple of questions. First, on VX-135. You haven't disclosed anything about genotype 2, 3 and it would be helpful to know whether you contemplated or planning any studies in the other genotypes with the right environment combination because, I think, it appears as though it's reasonably well tolerated. And secondly, just a follow-up on the question of hurdle, if you do not go ahead with VX-135 is there additional savings to P&L, if you abandon virology and would that be the decision to see if VX-135, can go ahead?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Jeff, I'll take the first part and then turn I'll it over to Ian. For genotype 2, 3, we did develop some data as you know in our viral kinetic studies 7-day data to show very good activity in both of those other genotypes, and we do plan to carry that forward into more advanced studies once we have the initial data in genotype 1 from the 135 and declatasvir study. Whether we would pursue the ribavirin and 135 combination, I think it's unlikely, given the efficacy results that others have generated and obviously, our work going forward would be likely with the declatasvir in combination in those other genotypes.
Ian F. Smith: And it gives me the opportunity to say that we're still in our planning phase as we look at 2014, maybe I could expand on that, which is planning phase means we're still trying to gain an assessment of the revenue picture in 2014 as well. We've got some important data coming up, most proximal data is actually coming out of an R117H label expansion study. So again, that will drive potential expectations on revenue in 2014 as well. And then as far as the cost structure of the business is concerned, we are communicating $150 million to $175 million of savings of what we anticipate will be a $1.1 billion operating expense in 2013. We are pretty tight on those costs. We have good visibility on those costs and as I explain where they come from on the call. As far as additional savings, if in terms of -- if decisions are made to pursue certain programs or not and you refer to VX-135, those haven't yet been taken into account. So yes, there would be probably further savings beyond the $150 million to $175 million. We are planning for success at this point, that's how we run our business at this point in time, that's how we plan financially, frankly how we build the balance sheet to assume how we need to invest in the business. So we look forward to finding out what those results are, out of New Zealand and probably late January, early February, when we're on our year-end call, we'll give you the more precise GAAP financial guidance for 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Yee of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: 2 questions. One is on the expense structure. Ian, maybe you could give us a little bit more specifics on the size of the R&D programs. In other words, what is -- how much is early stage versus CF versus hep C. And same with SG&A, maybe you could break that down a little bit, so we know the size of the moving parts. And the second question, is on the 661. You said you're starting a homozygous study, a 12-week study. That data probably comes out sometime after the 809 stage, so maybe you can explain what the point of that study is? And what we do with that, once that data comes out.
Ian F. Smith: Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. I'll first of all start by commenting on 2013 and the kind of trajectory for the R&D and SG&A. So as we look into the fourth quarter, so how you understand, how we may finish the year, you should anticipate that our operating expense is very similar to actually the third quarter. You may see some slight reductions in the SG&A specifically, because it's easier to adopt that cost structure with the decisions we've made in R&D. We still have full programs going ahead in many areas in R&D. So you'll see a slight decline in the fourth quarter of SG&A. But overall relatively similar to the Q3 results. And more importantly, as we look at 2014, and again, I'll reiterate we're in our planning phase, but I can give you an idea of the trajectory again, which is that -- when you look at the R&D expense in 2014, you should see a slight reduction as principally due to a reduction in development of -- in areas that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, which was VX-509 and INCIVEK-based therapies. We were actually still studying those in 2013. The big reduction -- by the way, we expect the research investment to stay relatively similar in 2014. The big reduction that you would expect to see when you look at the GAAP financials is in the SG&A area. That's why we've been able to reduce the cost around INCIVEK marketing and sales support. So you should see that decline in 2014. And sometimes even though I provide you some numbers, sometimes there are some missing features that are kind of buried within the numbers because we still are continuing to invest in cystic fibrosis, so we do watch the anticipated increase in the investment in development in cystic fibrosis and also to support the launch and label expansion in 2014. So even though you've seen these declines, would continue to invest in the area of cystic fibrosis to drive that growth opportunity.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But if I just to ask a little bit more, what percent of your R&D is early stage versus CF clinical trials versus early stage?
Ian F. Smith: Yes. Back if February 2013, we gave that break out when we gave the guidance for the full year. I can't commit that we'll do that again at this point but that would be a better point in time that would be able to help you understand the full profile for 2014. It's just a little early, we're only at Q3 of 2013.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll take the second part of your question related to 661. So this is a study in homozygous patients. The reason for that, obviously, is that we want to be able to assess PK/PD and efficacy and dose response as part of that study. The 12-week duration is really to get a much better handle on safety as sort of a second molecule coming through, the bar is fairly high compared to VX-809. We want to characterize it well. And we would then have an opportunity to further develop 661. As to when the data would come out from those 2 studies? I really can't speculate at this point. The ivacaftor/809 combination study, and this one, we haven't started this one yet. So we don't really have that much visibility on the exact timing but we'll be able to do that once we get the study enrolled.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Mark Schoenebaum of ISI group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I had a longer term question and that can be any kind of long-term guidance but this is qualitative, I guess, question. Am I thinking about this the right way, now that you're effectively reducing -- eliminating or greatly reducing hepatitis C infrastructure on the SG&A side. It should be left basically with the CF infrastructure? And, obviously, if things play out, the revenue growth for CF should be pretty dramatic. So my question is as we look at SG&A line over the very long-term and if we make them the assumption that Vertex stays focused commercially on cystic fibrosis, would it be reasonable to assume that, that SG&A line really shouldn't grow all that much over the long-term as revenue potentially grows, obviously, heck of a lot of things work out? And then, I had one more question more on the clinical development side, if I may. Could you just remind us of the powering on FEV in the KALYDECO plus 809 ongoing Phase III's TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT, and then also remind us what you deem to be a clinically meaningful improvement in FEV, please? And then just housekeeping, do you happen to know how many INCIVEK patients were treated in the quarter in the U.S.? Do you happen to have that?
Ian F. Smith: Thanks for the list of questions, and good morning. So, I think you are thinking about the business financially in the right way. We are consolidating down around cystic fibrosis at this point that's why the growth opportunity is for us. We still have a research investment for product creation and we're still investing in that early stage all-oral program for hepatitis C. But in terms of our earnings capability and cash flow, if successful in the area of CF, yes, we don't anticipate a significant expansion in SG&A. There will be some because you got to launch the product to get into a broader audience and it's a geographic -- it's more a U.S., Europe or North America and Europe type expansions. So there will be some growth but the financial leverage in the area is important to us frankly and that's why we're managing the business in this way.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll take the other part of the question. In terms of powering of the study. The study is powered based on a 5% relative improvement in FEV1. I won't really talk much about what we think is a clinically meaningful FEV1 change because I think you have to see the study endpoints in their totality, and particularly some of the nonpulmonary endpoints that we saw with ivacaftor, actually are clinically quite meaningful to patients, the weight gain reduction exacerbations. So I think we should take a little bit more broad look at the way this study is being conducted. It is the case that the FEV1 change, however, is the primary endpoint and that's how the study was powered.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Mark, this is Jeff. Just one minor addition or really to elaborate a bit on what Bob said. You probably saw the recent results from the GOAL study at NACF, which really looked at a variety of other endpoints in patients treated with KALYDECO, including mucociliary clearance and digestive function, Pseudomonas colonization. I think we really do think about these therapies as being systemic and one of the things that we will focus on as we move forward. It's measuring a number of these other endpoints because they really reflect patient outcomes very accurately.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn of Bank of America.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'll try to keep my list a little bit shorter but I do have a couple of questions as well. Jeff, for you, I guess, I'm wondering why you chose not to make any changes to your research infrastructure. I think I recall that number being around $200 million annually, and then I guess as a corollary, when do we as investors get more visibility into your efforts there, just in terms of value creation. On 135, can you confirm that 200 mix is being studied in the daclatasvir study? And then, what do you do if 135, just big picture question, if you can actually get those through the FDA and you get a profile that's worth reinvesting in, is this something that you plan to just partner off to multiple companies, keep, look to in-license, something to bring in with it. I just want to better understand your strategic outlook there.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Rachel. I'll answer the first part of the question and thanks for it. This concerns our investment and research, and as Ian said, as we move into next year, we expect the investment in research to be approximately equivalent to what we invested this year. And the reason for that straightforward, we believe that our research engine is really the current and future engine for the growth of the company. Actually with a very -- what I would consider a very modest spend in research -- this organization has produced a series of transformative drugs from INCIVEK to KALYDECO to now 809, 661 to JAK inhibitor et cetera. And certainly as we look to the future, we're relying on this engine to continue to do so. So we have a short-term financial issue that we're addressing in 2014 as Ian described, but it just doesn't make sense to cut the long-term engine of growth for a short-term financial issue. We think we have a pretty good strategy for managing it otherwise. Bob, do you want?
Robert Kauffman: Yes, this is Bob, just a quick comment on the 135, we are studying 100 and 200 milligrams in combination with daclatasvir.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then the rituality of your point about in-licensing, out-licensing, and let's say, a corporal business development strategy around hepatitis C broadly. To me, it's about the results we achieved in the combination study that's ongoing, and pending, let's say the quality of those results, I think it sets a path. High quality results, obviously, means that Vertex is in the game of all-oral therapies for hepatitis C, something that's not high quality then we have to understand how VX-135 may play a role in hepatitis C. That's with Vertex or with another company that has a combination approach. So I'd like to think that we're looking at our position in hepatitis C at this point by looking at the external landscape, understanding the commitment we have as a company, but we've got to make a decision as we go into 2014 based on data.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I'm sorry, your early stage pipeline, when do we get visibility outside of CF?
Robert Kauffman: As Ian mentioned, we hope to begin to give you visibility to some of that next year. As you know, traditionally we do provide visibility once we begin to see human proof-of-concept data and we hope for some of the programs that will be beginning next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang of Barclays.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So my first question has to do with the Australian and Canadian patients with G551D mutations. Because it sounds like those are the 2 major markets where you haven't passed on KALYDECO. Can you give us little bit color in terms of patients number with G551D [ph] mutations. Should we also see 4% of CF patients in those 2 countries having G551D? And then secondly, the R117H trial success here. So I've got a lot of questions from investors about the trial because we know that you're going to put out the top line data by the end of this year. I guess, when we talked to physicians, there are many mild patients there and that's why some investors were concerned about the trial success of R117H. So I'd like to have any thoughts from you guys. And then lastly, given the -- I guess, ACV strategic direction here in your company, are you thinking differently about, let's say, the flu program as well or are you still going to out-license that program and find a partner?
Ian F. Smith: So, Ying, thanks for the list of questions again. I'll take the first and last question, and Bob can talk about 117H heterogeneity of population. So first Canada or Australia, it's approximately 300 G551D patients and that would be important once we gain reimbursement approval in those 2 countries to add to growth. And just staying on the KALYDECO growth path, as you're aware, we do have a filing that's currently under review for other gating non-G551D patients. And that's currently being reviewed by the FDA and Europe. As to the third question you asked, which is our commitment to the flu program. The flu program is actually one of those molecules that we are seeking a partnership to advance forward given our focus and consolidation, and let's say, financial direction of the company. Earlier this year, we communicated that we would be along with VX-509 looking for potential partners to advance the flu program. We continue to seek that partner. And Bob?
Robert Kauffman: Yes, this is Bob. So on the R117H population, we estimate the total R117H population at around 1,100 patients worldwide. It is true that this is a heterogeneous group from really quite mild disease to almost no disease all the way up to a more significant disease with declines in FEV1 exacerbations just like other patients with significant cystic fibrosis. So it is heterogeneous. The way we've tried to deal with that is to narrow the population that we evaluated in our study. That population has a percent predicted FEV1 at baseline of between 40% and 90%, which for R117H clearly puts you into a more severe and more significant group. That is the way we're kind of dealing with the heterogeneity's to basically homogenize the population a little bit, and obviously, we'll see how the results come out when we have them at the end of this year. From a clinical point of view, how the -- should the study be successful, how the uptick will be? I think we'll have to see it, likely will not be as rapid as what we've seen for KALYDECO and G551D.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just maybe 1 point of clarification. Is there any sales force still left to market INCIVEK or is that completely restructured today? And then I was just looking back at your guidance you gave for peak KALYDECO sales gave at NACFC. And if I do some simple math here, it seems to me that I get about $180,000 per year on average for pricing for the drug on a worldwide basis, just wondering if that's a good ballpark for net pricing or if there's other assumptions like a discontinuation rate, that I might be missing that goes into that number?
Ian F. Smith: Terrance, thanks for the question. Can you just remind me the first question.
Unknown Executive: Is there any sales force?
Ian F. Smith: No, we've completely restructured the marketing and sales support behind INCIVEK. And then as to the realized price, we don't comment on the realized price. We'll provide you guidance on total revenues for the full year of $360 million to $365 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Roden of UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First on 509. The efficacy looks pretty potent here. Just wondering, Bob, if there's anything mechanistic behind the 2 cardiovascular events that you've seen across 2 studies and your relative comfort with the safety profile of the molecule overall. And then, how do you extract maximal value from 509? Has there been significant interest from other parties, I don't know to what extent you can comment on that but when do you think would be the right time to look a partner. And then just lastly, just want to follow-up on the earlier question on the R117H study. With considering the heterogeneity of this population, how can you specifically speak any steps that you took to control for the -- for that heterogeneity in terms of minimizing risk of baseline imbalances?
Robert Kauffman: So several questions. First of all with 509. We agree with you, the efficacy we think is really very, very good. In terms of the safety profile, we're actually quite pleased to both -- the safety profile of both without methotrexate in our prior study as well as this one. As you're well aware, cardiovascular disease is very common in this population. In fact, it's the most common cause of death in patients with RA. And so it's not unexpected in a study of these durations to see outcome such as that. So looking over the program overall, we actually are pretty comfortable with the cardiovascular safety profile that we generated.
Ian F. Smith: And I'll add to how to extract maximum value for the VX-509. It's -- for us it's a fascinating area but it's also a competitive area in terms of the all-oral creation of these types of molecules. To get full success from the opportunity, you need to run multiple, let's say, multiple studies, multiple -- in multiple diseases to get the full benefit as most companies are doing. Given our focus at this point in time, we look for somebody else to do that. So we continue to explore partnerships. It's nice to have such good data in our hands, which will enhance those discussions with potential partners, and maybe even better to have a week 24-day there as well depending on how that comes out and we'll continue that discussion with partners to do the right kind of partnership to extract the value. But our focus right now is around cystic fibrosis and all-oral therapies for hepatitis C and also continue to invest in research.
Robert Kauffman: And this is Bob, again on R117H. I think the primarily way that we try to manage variability was really by, as I said before, eliminating the population to those with a baseline FEV1 of 40% to 90%. Otherwise, we relied on randomization as we usually do to create the balance between the treatment groups.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Bob, there wasn't any specific stratification of any other parameters that would speak to the severity of the population?
Robert Kauffman: Honestly, I don't remember that but I don't think there is anything major. I think, it really was just a baseline FEV1 to define the population.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: At the NACFC conference you outlined relatively large population with residual function mutations. Can you give us the latest views of how you think the NF-1 study would be interpreted by regulators, just given the growing positive safety experience with the drug and what the process would be for getting these groups on the label. And then Bob, maybe you could just remind us about the preclinical assays you looked at over time with 809 or KALYDECO, and how the time frame and cell lines might be similar, different to some of the studies we saw from investigators at the conference last week?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So just in terms of the NF-1 study, this is a proof-of-concept study. Obviously, we need to learn more about the efficacy of ivacaftor in this population, obviously, depending on how the study comes out, of course, we'll talk about it with the regulatory agencies. However, at this point, we are considering that we may need to run another study in order to get an approval, but obviously, much depends on what we actually see in terms of the results. In terms of preclinical assays, I think I know which paper you're referring to from the CF meeting. We've had some questions about that. Obviously, they have their data. We've done similar studies in cell lines for perhaps a somewhat longer duration. This is a combination of ivacaftor and VX-809. We don't see the same diminution of the activity of CFTR that we've seen in those studies. And I think from our viewpoint, the clinical data that we have really kind of trumps the nonclinical data and that we both for 661 and for 809 have seen really well-maintained clinical benefit over at least a 28-day period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber of Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have a couple of questions in CF, and if you don't mind a quick question on hep C. So just, on the Class II residual function mutation, the KALYDECO kind of proof-of-concept Phase II, which is taking R117H plus a broader set of residual patients. What's your sense on the variability in phenotypically in the non-R117H population? And then, just to make [indiscernible] CF, the second question on R117H. Is there -- can you correlate at all what the residual CFTR function is to the actual phenotype, the predicted FEV1? I'm trying to get a sense, can you control for that variability by anyway or no? And then sort of a follow-up on hep C.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. I'll try to answer those questions. In terms of the residual function, obviously, we are -- I think in the big picture, the residual function sort of part of the program starts to shift over from a genetically-based program to a phenotypically-based program. That's really where the end of one study kinds of fits in, as our first look is to whether it's feasible to do that. We'll see how much of variability we have and try to get a handle on what our path forward would be for that population. I think until we see those data, it's going to be pretty hard to speculate. Obviously these are people that have -- sweat chlorides tend to be lower than those with severe disease, they tend to have more mild disease, most of them are pancreatic sufficient as compared to insufficient and so there are many differences, I think that's why we're running an exploratory Phase II study.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: One additional comment. This is Jeff, I remind you if you look back at the KALYDECO G551D studies, the responses that we saw really didn't correlate with the baseline FEV1. So we had patients with very high baseline FEV1, who actually responded very, very nicely. So I think until we get the data, what we're really doing in the N01 is, we're studying, as Bob said, a spectrum of patients with different mutations and different severities to try to understand exactly the answer to your question. Until we see the data in a representative population, it's a little difficult to speculate.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Thank you for that. And just a follow-up on hep C. At the 200 -- maybe I'm kind of asking you to dive into your, some of your kind of very early data on monotherapy with 135. At the 200 milligram dose, do you have enough potency if you think that with another DAA like daclatasvir you can really get to a high enough potency? But you really think that you might need a third agent?
Robert Kauffman: So, the data we have is in our biokinetic studies where we have seen very good activity comparable to that of sofosbuvir and that, obviously, kind of factored into our choice of doses that we're studying going forward and, obviously, for the daclatasvir study, we'll see the results when they come out.
Unknown Executive: Operator, we're close to 9:30, so we have time for just 2 more questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Actually most of mine have been answered, but maybe just a drill down on Rachel's earlier question. Can you maybe -- I know we'll hear about early stage pipeline development when it comes but can you just maybe review the core areas that you're investing in, obviously, CF phorology we have C and flu as a focus in phlegm. Is there anything else that we might expect something to come from, what are the core areas of investment?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, this is Jeff. So I think you've got it right. In the mid- to later stage, obviously, CF and then the all-oral program in HCV, which we've been talking about today. Flu is not a program that we're going to invest in further, just to be clear about that, nor do we plan to invest in 509 further. But as you move back into the earlier stage pipeline, we do have programs, as we said, in cancer, in progressive MS, in Huntington's disease and others and, as well as the early stage CF programs in the second gen correctors. And it's those programs that I was referring to and I said we'll begin to get some data beginning next year and certainly into 2015 and as we get the human proof-of-concept data that's usually when we start really talking about these programs.
Operator: And our next question -- our last question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I guess, 2 things. Number 1, what is the genotype composition for the 135 studies your reported today? And then the second question is, now that you have longer term data with KALYDECO, you mentioned outcomes, some outcomes measures. When you think about how pairs might look at in 809 KALYDECO combination, do you think the pairs will take into account the durability you see with KALYDECO and view it as a class of drugs or view the combination as completely independent?
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. The composition of the population is genotype 1 and the study that we were discussing today, the study that was conducted in Moldova. Most of the patients were genotype, in fact, all the patients were genotype 1b, which reflects the composition of patients in that country.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And what about [indiscernible] city -- and what about subtype?
Robert Kauffman: There was a mix of subtypes, it was relatively a little low on the CC patients, but I think you'll see the full data when the poster is presented next week. In terms of durability, without kind of getting beyond the data we currently have, I would say that based on the data from the PERSIST study, CFTR modulation appears to be kind of a long-term effect. There was really no diminution in the activity over 3-year period with KALYDECO monotherapy. And while, obviously, I can't speculate because we don't have such long-term data for the combination of 809 and ivacaftor, I would generalize it a little bit and just say that this mechanism appears to be one that produces a longer-lasting effect. And, obviously, we'll see as we get further data over the next couple of years how that turns out. I think the payors, obviously, if I can speak for them, I think they, obviously, will be interested in and I think, obviously, very happy to see that this affect is long-lasting. And for the patients, clearly, very important.
Unknown Executive: Thank you. I'm going to turn it over to Jeff for some final remarks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: First of all, thank you for your questions today. I just want to finish with a very clear acknowledgment of our employees. This is obviously a difficult day for all of us here at Vertex and I want to make sure to acknowledge the incredible work that our employees did to develop and commercialize INCIVEK, we've treated more than 100,000 patients worldwide with very high cure rates. This is what it is, truly a breakthrough drug, and we have a lot more to do but I want to make sure to acknowledge what's been done by our employees because that really formed the foundation of our company going forward. Thanks very much for your questions and for joining the call today.
Ian F. Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Robert Kauffman Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President  Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Peter R. Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of The Scientific Advisory Board
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kumaraguru Raja Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Partridge. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator, and good evening to everyone. Joining me on tonight's call are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Vertex's Chairman and CEO; Bob Kauffman, Chief Medical Officer; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will begin with a few comments on the execution of our strategy to date in 2013. Then Bob will provide an update on our pipeline progress, including our mid- and late-stage programs in cystic fibrosis and hepatitis C. Stuart will follow with comments on trends for key marketed medicines, KALYDECO and INCIVEK. And to close, Ian will review the second quarter financial results and update our 2013 guidance. Following prepared remarks, Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific officer, will join us for a question-and-answer period. After the call, we will be available in our offices for follow-up. Before we begin, I will note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in detail in our 10-K and 10-Q reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also in the press release announcing our financial results tonight. These statements, including without limitation, those regarding the commercial performance of INCIVEK and KALYDECO, our development plans and expectations and our guidance, are based on management's current assumptions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. The information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our second quarter 2013 financial press release and is described on Slide 4 of tonight's webcast. I'll now turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Tonight, I'm pleased to discuss the progress that Vertex has made in the first half of 2013. At the start of this year, we outlined 3 strategic comparatives for our business that would position us for long-term growth: first, prioritizing our development investment to advance our late-stage medicines for cystic fibrosis, hepatitis C and autoimmune diseases; second, focus on continuing to discover innovative medicines for serious diseases from our research efforts; and third, maintaining our financial strength to support the investment acquired to realize our significant growth opportunities in the near future. Halfway through 2013, we have accomplished a great deal to advance our late-stage medicines, and we continue to reinvest in research to bring further groundbreaking therapies to patients, all while enhancing our financial strength. In cystic fibrosis, KALYDECO has been successfully launched for G551D patients in Europe this year. We have multiple studies under way that could potentially expand the KALYDECO label. Today, we're announcing the first clinical data for ivacaftor monotherapy outside of G551D. Ivacaftor monotherapy has received breakthrough designation from the FDA, and we plan to submit regulatory filings in the U.S. and the EU in the second half of 2013 to expand the use of ivacaftor. Our Phase III program for VX-809 or lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor is under way to evaluate 6 months of treatment in approximately 1,000 patients homozygous for the F Delta 508 (sic) [Delta F508] mutation. We are on track to submit an NDA in the U.S. for this combination in 2014. The combination of lumacaftor and ivacaftor has also received breakthrough designation from the FDA. In the second quarter, we reported Phase II data with another corrector, VX-661, that further validated the strategy of combining a corrector and a potentiator to treat CF patients with 2 copies of the Delta 508 mutation. In the second half of 2013, we plan to conduct a study of VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor in G551D Delta 508 heterozygous patients. Our in vitro data supports the potential for further benefit for these patients. In hepatitis C, we have generated nearly $450 million in hepatitis C revenues and royalties in the first half of this year. We have initiated multiple studies of VX-135 in combination with ribavirin and, separately, in combination with daclatasvir. Despite the partial clinical hold placed on the U.S. study, our strategy remains clear to identify all-oral, high-viral cure regimens containing VX-135 with durations of 12 weeks or less in multiple genotypes. Commercially, we continue to generate significant revenue in the hepatitis C market with INCIVEK-based therapy, although the number of new patients initiating treatment continues to decline. In CF, KALYDECO reimbursement and uptake in Europe has been very strong, resulting in significant growth in our KALYDECO revenues. Financially, we enhanced our strength by seeking to maximize revenues while making prudent investments focused on R&D and controlling expenses. These actions are reflected in our Q2 results. Importantly, we ended the quarter with over $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities with no outstanding convertible debt. In summary, we are creating hope for people with CF and HCV, value for shareholders and a platform for long-term growth by executing on our strategy. Now I'll turn it over to Bob.
Robert Kauffman: Thank you, Jeff, and good evening. Tonight, I'll review the status and timing of our 3 ongoing studies with VX-135. Then I'll also review our CF development pipeline and provide a few updates based on our progress to date. First, VX-135 for hepatitis C. We have initiated a 12-week study of 100 milligrams and 200 milligrams of VX-135 plus daclatasvir in 20 genotype 1 patients in New Zealand. Pending data from this initial cohort of patients, we plan to expand the study to enroll additional patients with both genotypes 1 and 3 and to evaluate an 8-week combination regimen in genotype 1. Safety and efficacy results from the first part of the study are expected to be available in early 2014. In our European study of VX-135 plus ribavirin, 20 patients, 10 in each of the 100-milligram and 200-milligram arms, have now completed 12 weeks of dosing. Both the 100-milligram and 200-milligram doses were well tolerated, with no discontinuations and no serious adverse events reported. 100% of patients achieved undetectable HCV RNA during the 12-week dosing period and 70% -- and 80% of patients in the 100- and 200-milligram dosing arms, respectively, had undetectable virus within 4 weeks of initiating treatment. We expect to provide complete safety and efficacy results from the 100- and 200-milligram arms in the second half of 2013. In the U.S., dosing and evaluation is ongoing in the study of 100 milligrams of VX-135 plus ribavirin. 10 patients with genotype 1 hepatitis C are enrolled in this dose group, and all patients have now completed at least 10 weeks of treatment. We are working to provide to the FDA the requested clinical, preclinical and pharmacokinetic data from ongoing VX-135 studies with the goal of resolving the partial clinical hold and supporting the evaluation of the 200-milligram dose of VX-135 in the U.S. We expect to complete submission of the requested data to the FDA in the fourth quarter. Safety and efficacy results from the 100-milligram arm of the study are expected to be available later this year. In addition, our partner, J&J, has completed a drug-drug interaction study of VX-135 in combination with simeprevir in healthy volunteers, and we expect dosing to commence in genotype 1 patients in the second half of 2013, pending data analysis and dose selection. Our strategy continues to be one of identifying high-viral cure regimens of 12 weeks or less effective in multiple genotypes, and we have multiple trials planned or under way to fulfill this strategy. Now moving to cystic fibrosis. Our most advanced compound is KALYDECO, which is indicated for the treatment of G551D patients over the age of 6. We are studying this compound, known generically as ivacaftor, in a number of additional patient populations that we believe have the potential to benefit from KALYDECO based on in vitro data, along with our understanding of the disease biology and KALYDECO mechanism of action. We have 3 Phase III label expansion studies under way, and we reported top line results in the first of these studies, the non-G551D gating study today. Ivacaftor produced statistically significant lung function improvements in patients with benign characterized non-G551D gating mutations. This was a blinded crossover study design. A schematic of the study is shown on Slide 11 of the webcast. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either ivacaftor or placebo for 8 weeks then go through a 4-week washout and then receive the alternate treatment for 8 weeks, that is through weeks 12 to 20. This study included 39 participants ages 6 and over, who have at least one of the 9 characterized non-G551D gating mutations. The primary endpoint was absolute change from baseline with [ph] percent predicted at FEV1. In this study, the mean absolute treatment difference between ivacaftor and placebo was 10.7%, with the p value of less than 0.0001, and the mean relative difference was 14.2%, again, with the p value of less than 0.0001, as measured by FEV1 through the 8-week treatment period. The mean, absolute and relative FEV1 improvements during ivacaftor treatment, that is the within-group changes, were 7.5% and 10.8%, respectively. Both were highly significant with p values of less than 0.0001. We also achieved statistical significance for secondary endpoints of weight gain and improvement in the respiratory domain of the CFQ-R, the patient reported quality of life measure. Safety was similar to the experience to date with KALYDECO and G551D. Ivacaftor was well tolerated, and in the study, the most common adverse events were pulmonary exacerbation, cough, headache and abdominal pain, each occurring more frequently while patients received placebo. These results are another example of the correlation of clinical data with in vitro chloride transport data that we have seen across the CF program. In the second half of 2013, we expect to present full data from this study at a medical meeting. Also in the second half of 2013, we intend to file both an sNDA in the U.S. and an MAA variation in Europe for use of ivacaftor in patients with other gating mutations. We have 2 additional Phase III label expansion studies ongoing in CF patients. In patients with the R117H mutation and in children ages 2 through 5 with the gating mutation, including G551D. Slide 12 shows the design of each of these studies. We expect the results from the R117H study in the second half of this year and pending study results we expect to submit an sNDA in early 2014. In the study in children ages 2 through 5, we have now completed the PK portion of the study, and we have selected a dose. Enrollment in the 20 4-week dosing portion of this study is now ongoing, and we expect results in mid-2014. We are also conducting a proof-of-concept study in patients with residual CFTR function, also known as the n-of-1 study. The design of this study is shown on Slide 13. Like the gating study, the n-of-1 study has a crossover design. Crossover designs have increased power to show a treatment effect by focusing on the drug-on and drug-off effects in individual patients, which may reduce variability. Data from this study are expected in the first half of 2014. Our CFTR corrector lumacaftor or VX-809 is in 2 global Phase III studies, TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT, to determine its efficacy and safety in people with 2 copies of the F508del mutation. Site initiation and recruitment is going well, and we expect to complete enrollment in both studies in the second half of 2013, and we are on track for reporting data and submitting an NDA and MAA in 2014. As part of the lumacaftor registration program, we are planning to start an 8-week study of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in F508del heterozygous patients in the U.S. in the second half of 2013. This placebo-controlled, Phase II study is part of our registration package agreed with the FDA earlier this year and is expected to enroll about 80 patients randomized between active and placebo arms. Based on our prior data in this population, we do not anticipate that the lumacaftor and ivacaftor combination will have a clinically meaningful benefit for heterozygous patients, but the study has been requested by the FDA for labeling purposes. Tonight, we are also announcing a new study for VX-661, another corrector we have in clinical development. We plan to evaluate VX-661 plus ivacaftor in a proof-of-concept clinical study for the mechanism of using a corrector and potentiator in heterozygous patients, who have the G551D mutation, a gating mutation on 1 allele and F508del on the other allele. The patients who enroll in this study will already be receiving KALYDECO as labeled in the U.S. and EU. We expect to start this 4-week Phase II study shortly in approximately 20 patients and report data in late 2013 or early 2014. In addition, we are planning to start a Phase II proof-of-concept study with the corrector, VX-983, pending the outcome of ongoing studies and discussions with regulators. The results from these Phase II studies with VX-661 and VX-983 will be important factors, as we consider which molecule to prioritize for further development as part of dual- or triple-combination regimens. We are also actively working to advance second-generation correctors that act on a different part of the CFTR holding process and could be used as part of the dual-corrector regimen, along with ivacaftor, to further enhance benefit for patients who are homozygous or heterozygous for F508del. Our goal is to bring a second-generation corrector into clinical development by the end of 2014. At the recent ECSF (sic) [ECFS] meeting, Dr. Fred Van Goor of Vertex presented data that showed a combination of 2 correctors plus ivacaftor nearly doubled chloride transport in human bronchial epithelial cells with 2 copies of the F508del mutation compared to the use of a single corrector plus ivacaftor. In summary, we are pleased to have a full pipeline of medicines that may provide life-changing treatment for more people with CF. And now, I'll turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thank you, Bob, and good evening. I'll provide some background and commentary on our approved medicines, INCIVEK for genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C infection; and KALYDECO for CF patients, who have the G551D mutation. Starting with INCIVEK. Since launching INCIVEK in May 2011, we've treated more than 65,000 patients in the U.S. and Canada then recorded approximately $2.5 billion in cumulative revenues. While we see ongoing demand for hepatitis C treatment for motivated patients and those who need to be treated now, we are seeing a decline in the number of patients treated in anticipation of the next generation of medicines to treat hepatitis C. We expect this decline to continue for the remainder of the year. However, INCIVEK continues to generate significant revenues, and so is an important component of building the financial strength we need to fund our future opportunities. Our net revenues from INCIVEK in North America were $156 million in the second quarter, as we maintained our market-leading position even in this declining market. Outside of the U.S., telaprevir performed well in the first half of 2013. The availability of INCIVO marketed by Janssen has expanded to additional countries, and based on Janssen's sales in the second quarter, Vertex earned $44 million in royalties in Q2. This was largely driven by performance in Latin America. However, the outlook for INCIVO for the remainder of 2013 is difficult to forecast due to seasonal prescribing patterns and the potential reduction in patients initiating therapy in advance of new regimens entering the market. Moving to KALYDECO. Worldwide revenues were $99 million for the second quarter of 2013, including U.S. sales of $55 million, based on the rapid adoption of KALYDECO in the U.S., following our launch in early 2012. Over the first half of this year, we have successfully completed reimbursement discussions in most of the major EU markets, including England, Scotland, Ireland, Northern Ireland and Wales, and made KALYDECO available for the many patients who need it. Since then, we have seen a similar pattern of rapid uptake of KALYDECO as we saw in the U.S. last year. I'm proud of the incredibly effective efforts of our field organization, which, together with the dedicated health care providers who care for CF patients, have enabled us to begin treating nearly all the eligible G551D patients in the EU. We achieved approximately $44 million in KALYDECO sales outside of the U.S. in the second quarter, which represents significant growth over the first quarter. This figure does include approximately $2.5 million of inventory build in Europe. We do not see further meaningful growth for KALYDECO in 2013. However, we do see 3 potential drivers for revenue growth beginning in 2014, subject to the successful completion of reimbursement and regulatory discussions and likely to occur at different times throughout the year. First, achieving public reimbursement in Australia and Canada. KALYDECO was approved in Australia earlier this month and is the third largest potential market for KALYDECO after the U.S. and England, with approximately 200 eligible G551D patients over the age of 6. We estimate that there are approximately 100 eligible G551D patients in Canada. Second, regulatory approvals for patients with non-G551D gating mutations based on the data that Bob described earlier. This could allow for an expanded label as early as the first half of 2014, where we could begin to add as many as 400 additional cystic fibrosis patients globally, based on a label for all gating mutations. Third, potential for future growth in non-gating mutations, such as residual function patients, including R117H. This will be based on successful outcomes from the ongoing clinical trials that Bob described earlier. In summary, I'm pleased with the progress we've made in the first half of 2013 and would like to thank all of those who have contributed to these results. And now, I'll turn it over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thank you, Stuart. I'll start by reaffirming our business and financial strategy. We're investing and advancing important medicines to drive sustained long-term revenue and earnings growth. Our goal during this period is to maintain financial strength by prioritizing our spend towards R&D and balancing our expenses with revenues while protecting our balance sheet. I'm happy to report that we remain nicely on track. Now to the second quarter 2013 results. Total revenues were $311 million. Our GAAP -- total non-GAAP operating expenses, excluding cost of revenues and other charges, were $281 million for non-GAAP loss of $6.2 million or $0.03 per share. From a balance sheet perspective, we completed the quarter with over $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and no convertible debt. This was the result of the June debt-to-equity conversion. These results, specifically our balance sheet strength, will enable us to continue to maintain our investment in our priority medicines. Now to the more detailed results. In the second quarter, total KALYDECO revenues were approximately $99 million. EU uptake in the second quarter exceeded our expectations, and KALYDECO is now treating nearly all of the eligible G551D patients in the U.S. and EU. As such, we are raising our guidance for 2013 KALYDECO revenues to $345 million to $360 million. INCIVEK revenues in the second quarter were $156 million, reflecting ongoing demand for hepatitis C treatment, even as the market anticipates the arrival of other regimens in 2014. INCIVO royalties were $44 million, and our combined hepatitis C revenues contributed approximately $200 million to our top line in the second quarter. Finally, collaborative and other revenues in the second quarter were $12 million. Because of the increased visibility into revenues for 2013, we are tightening our 2013 total revenue guidance range to $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, which includes the increased KALYDECO guidance of $345 million to $360 million. Now to our non-GAAP operating expenses of $281 million, which includes cost of revenues and other charges. This is similar to the first quarter made up of $191 million in R&D investments and $90 million in SG&A expenses. Consistent with our financial strategy, we are prioritizing investment in R&D and being disciplined with our SG&A spending. We are reiterating our non-GAAP operating expense of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion for 2013. In summary, financially, we are executing on our strategy and prioritizing investment within our business to drive long-term growth. Our cash position and our financial strength will enable us to continue to maintain our investment to progress our medicines in development. I'd now like to open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One on CF and one on hep C. So for the 809 KALYDECO trial on heterozygous, are there any limitations on enrollment for genotype beyond G551D that's on a non-delta F allele? I just want to make sure that there may be -- you're excluding patients that may have some residual KALYDECO function. And I guess the question here is if this serves as a negative control for labeling but you see a signal then what's the path beyond that.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. It's hard to speculate on the path until we actually see what the data show. But we choose the patients for this study who have mutations on the other allele that would not respond to KALYDECO. So we obviously try to keep our baseline at an absolute minimum. And that's what we've done throughout the heterozygous studies, and we'll do the same in this one.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Excellent. And just a real quick one on VX-135, I know you guys have been asked a lot about spend in hep C. Is there a time to get off the partial hold from FDA or some data set that you guys view as a trigger for making future investments in 135?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll answer sort of the first part of that. And that is, based on the particulars that the FDA has asked us for, we expect to be able to have complete data set in the early part of the fourth quarter. And we then expect the FDA to review those data and then respond back to us. As to the other part, I'll pass it on to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. Geoff, thanks for the question. The question has been asked a few times since Thursday night actually. And we're very aware of the competitive nature of this market, this disease area. And we're always looking and making a decision to see whether we can compete in what is a significant market, in a global market. At this point in time, we have the assets and we have internal capability that we want to progress that opportunity. As we go through, there'll be a very important, let's say, Phase II period of establishing a potential regimen to compete in this market. We'll be making those kind of decisions. But at this point in time, we plan to keep committed to HCV and drive forward for an all-oral regimen.
Operator: The next question comes from Geoffrey Porges from Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Perhaps just to drill in a little bit more on 135, Bob, could you let us know, first, what the primary metabolic pathway is for VX-135? Secondly, the thinking behind taking it up to the 400-milligram dose, and then what the outcome was for those patients with the elevated liver functions? And lastly, can you just tell us whether you've seen any transaminase elevation, not enough to get to an SAE or discontinuation, but any at all at the 200-milligram dose?
Robert Kauffman: So I'll take -- if I can remember all 4 of those questions, I'll take them in order. The pathway of metabolism is it's primarily renally excreted as most nukes [ph] are. In terms of why we went to the 400-milligram dose, I would say that part of the Phase II evaluation of any compound, really, is to explore the dose range. When we had completed the 100- and 200-milligram doses in the European study, we had very good tolerability and therefore, we decided to dose-escalate. And we wanted to sort of maximize the viral kinetics in order to get the best response possible.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: The outcome of the elevated transaminase patients and then any at 200?
Robert Kauffman: Yes. There were none at 200 nor at 100, and they all resolved really quite quickly within a week or so. And in terms of the other transaminase elevations, I guess I just answered that by saying we really haven't seen anything in the 100- and 200-milligram groups.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question on hep C and then on CF. On the 135, can you walk through what type of PK exposure you're seeing at 100, 200 and 400 and maybe whether there's any short overlap there? Just trying to think about exposure, 400 is only twice 200, so think about that. And then on CF, can you explain the confidence in the other non-gating mutations -- excuse me, the residual function studies? Where the confidence comes from [indiscernible] obviously, that's a -- it's a huge population. I'm just trying to understand whether there's any read-through in today's data and to that study.
Robert Kauffman: Okay. So in terms of 135, I'll say the following. Firstly, in the 3 subjects who had LFT abnormalities in the 400-milligram group, the exposures in those 3 patients were essentially the highest of any of the 10 subjects that were enrolled in that dose group. And in addition, the exposures in the 200-milligram group differed on average by about twofold with those in the 400-milligram group. So there really is a fair spread between those subjects who had the LFT abnormalities in the 400-milligram group and the 200-milligram group. On the other hand, I'll just say that this is a very small data set and clearly, we have to establish this in larger numbers of patients to really understand this, but that's really where we're headed in the next set of evaluations.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on CF?
Robert Kauffman: Yes. So you asked about our confidence in the patients with residual function. And I think that has largely to do with, first of all, both in vitro data, that show that we can enhance the chloride transport in patients -- in cells who carry the R117H mutation and other mutations that result in residual function. And we've had a very good in vitro-in vivo correlation, correlating chloride transport in vitro and clinical results so far in the program, and we would expect that to continue in this group as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe the first one for Bob. Bob, I think the concern, I guess, for 135 is the potential for mitochondrial toxicity. Can you walk us through evidence we have thus far that this drug is not -- does not have mitochondrial toxicity, maybe make an argument to try to convince us all? And then number two is -- the second question is an expense question, maybe the first part for Jeff, and that is $1.4 billion of cash in the balance sheet's quite a bit, very formidable. Be curious to hear updated thoughts on what you're going to do with that cash, what kind of stuff in -- conceptually is on the table versus off the table and maybe I'll just stop there.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll answer the first part. We've done an extensive evaluation of VX-135 for mitochondrial toxicity using basically all the state-of-the-art techniques, and in fact, we have seen no evidence for mitochondrial toxicity for this compound. And that's really about all I can say.
Ian F. Smith: And Mark, to your -- in answer to your second question, I'll just comment on cash and then turn it over to Jeff about more strategically where we may go. But from the cash position, as you can see, we're in this position where we are accumulating. We want to maintain our strength from the balance sheet. That includes managing the liabilities on the balance sheet. So we're happy that we've got over $1.4 billion at June 30. And we've been able to convert our debt into equity, so we don't have any significant liability of debt on the balance sheet. So at this point, we're still in the phase of building, and I think you'll see that continue for at least a short period of time. We're very aware, as we go into 2014 that as INCIVEK revenues decline, that we may need to apply some of that cash from the balance sheet to continue to invest in our medicines. As we come through that period, I think that's when your question becomes most pertinent in terms of how do we put the capital to use. And we're starting to think about that in our business at this point.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, Mark, this is Jeff. Just a quick comment to add to what Bob said on the mitochondrial toxicity. One of the other things that we learned from the 100- and 200-milligram trial that was done in Europe was that we were monitoring those patients by both echo and EKG. And I think one of the important findings is, now that those patients have all completed 12 weeks of therapy, we really didn't see any echo or EKG signs of cardiac pathology, which obviously is the mitochondrial toxicity of the most interest and frankly, the most worrying [indiscernible]. With respect to the $1.4 billion, the only thing I would add is what I've always said before. We're very pleased with our own pipeline, and we think that we have a number of interesting assets coming forward. But we're also always looking strategically for things that can complement what we've done, certainly in CF and HCV, but also in other areas that fit our specialty transformative medicine strategy.
Operator: The next question comes from Rachel McMinn from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess I wanted to ask Jeff a question a little bit differently. I mean, given the news on the VX-135 from last week, how should we think about your SG&A infrastructure going forward? I recognize that you're not ready to terminate the program. You're not saying anything of the sort. But I think you previously alluded to keeping your HCV sales force through the VX-135 development. How should we think about potential cost savings, following the Gilead launch? And then separately, I wanted to better understand the rationale for this study design for 661 in 551D patients. There's already a very strong benefit with KALYDECO alone, so I'm just wondering, if you think you'll be hitting up against the ceiling and why you wouldn't be looking at 809 in that setting?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So Rachel, it's Stuart here. I'll take the first question on HCV SG&A and then hand it over to Bob. So on our HCV investment, I mean, we know we have an absolutely world-class HCV sales force. And although it's relatively small, one of the beauties of the specialty business model is it's a small sales force. We know it's been instrumental in our success to date. However, as with all aspects of our business, we're constantly evaluating the return on investment we get for that sales force. And in our judgment, the sales force continues to be a really good investment based on the revenues that they are generating today. What I would say though is that we are, as I say, looking at spend across all of our areas and we have substantially reduced in the HCV area our marketing expenses from 2012 into 2013. And that continues to be the case going into the second half of 2013, where we are looking very much at managing those expenses in line with the trajectory of our revenues. Then on the CF question, I'll hand it over to Bob.
Robert Kauffman: Right. So your question relates to the combination of 661 plus ivacaftor. And the rationale for this is based on in vitro data, again, that's -- we generated at Vertex to show that you can actually get a substantially greater effect on chloride transport in vitro in G551D F508del heterozygous cells in culture and the rationale is, whether in fact in vivo in humans, whether a greater clinical benefit can be obtained by this combination, again, going back to the correlation that we've seen between in vitro and in vivo. As to the choice of 661, I would just say that VX-809 is in an extensive program, a Phase III program, with many, many studies. This is another opportunity for us to learn more about 661, and that's why we chose it for the combination.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A question on 135. I think that a lot of us are trying to figure out is whether the 100- or 200-mg dose is -- could potentially be sufficient. I know rapidity of viral load reductions are often seen as a surrogate for potency. You reported 70% and 80% RVRs. Obviously comparing across small studies has limations. So I was just wondering if you can maybe help us understand how the population in the European study may have compared to that of the analogous study conducted for sofosbuvir plus ribavirin and whether you had any details on characteristics of patients who are maybe a bit slower to respond in this study. And maybe, could you possibly give us RVR results for those U.S. patients on 100 mg? That would help as well.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: First, Brian, I'll just jump in front of Bob, we're not going to compare studies -- cross-studies, actually. We're not going to compare patient demographics between a study that was run by another company and ourselves. We're waiting for the full data to be read out and then you can do the analysis at that point in time. But maybe Bob would like to comment on how we think about 100 and 200, and the viral decliners [ph] or maybe that's where it comes from.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. So it's really impossible to ever match across studies when you don't have all the data so I just -- we just can't really do that. I would say that, obviously, in our PK studies, we've seen very good antiviral activity in both the 100 and 200. The results in our 200-milligram group compared favorably with the results that have been seen for sofosbuvir at 400 milligrams and we consider both of those doses to be -- really have very good activity. As to the RVR rates that we saw in this trial, I would just remind you that our real primary development path for VX-135 is in combination with the other antiviral agents, not with ribavirin. And I think we should wait and see how our daclatasvir plus 135 study comes out to really make judgments on 100 versus 200 milligrams and the efficacy that we might see. So I think that it would best to kind of wait to see where there's more, in terms of more realistic studies, in terms of ultimate development that -- how they come out.
Operator: The next question comes from Liisa Bayko from GMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to know if you could comment at all on some of the other observations in terms of exacerbations, the sweat chloride that you saw with the current study results in the non-G551D gating.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. We've just really announced our top line results. We're obviously combing through the data of that study much more extensively now, and I think I'd probably prefer to wait until those results are presented at a medical meeting to discuss any further details.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then in the new study that you've initiated, the heterozygous study, G551D plus the background of Delta 508. I'm just curious, of the G551D population, what percentage of them have F508 on the other allele?
Robert Kauffman: About half of them do.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then for the 400 patients, the R117H, can you maybe talk about the geographic distribution? I know you spoke about, what, about [ph] 400 patients.
Robert Kauffman: It's roughly evenly split between the U.S. and EU. That's actually probably slightly more in the European Union but it's roughly evenly split.
Peter R. Mueller: And maybe we can just...
Robert Kauffman: I just want to clarify. I actually misspoke when I answered your question, that in terms of G551D F508del, probably close to 80% of those patients actually have F508del on the other alleles, sorry, not 50%.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: That's what I thought, okay. Okay. And then just final question, again, on cystic fibrosis. For G551D, I know you said you've treated now the majority of patients in the U.S. and Europe. Can you maybe talk about how many other patients might be in other world areas? Just trying to understand how much more upside there is in KALYDECO for the G551D population.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. The most significant other markets where we're yet to get full reimbursement are Canada, where we think there's about 100 eligible patients; and then Australia, where there's about 200 eligible patients. And clearly, that's got a lot to do with the G551D mutation, being called a kind of Celtic mutation. Those are areas where there's obviously a lot of emigration, and so those are really the remaining areas of growth for us for the G551D population. And really, their reimbursement is going to be the key that will unlock the drug to be made available for those patients.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Can I just sneak in one more question? Can you maybe talk about compliance, so far, on KALYDECO? Kind of what -- now that it's been on the market for some time and at least in the U.S. or some of the bigger European countries, what sort of normalized compliance rates are we observing? And that's my final question.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Sure. So what I'd say is that we're seeing rates of compliance, which are as high as certainly I've ever seen in any therapy area, and I'd say they're above 80%, which is really pretty substantial.
Operator: The next question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just -- just 2 for me. So in terms of the other gating trial that you reported today, I guess, can you give us any sense of if you collected data on pancreatic enzyme usage? And then with respect to the new trial of 661 and KALYDECO, was wondering if that is going to include a KALYDECO control arm. Or I guess, how should we think about benchmarking the combo data when we see those results?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. In terms of the other gating mutations, obviously, we collect data on concomitant medications. But we are not conducting sort of what I would consider a really rigorous assessment of the use of pancreatic enzymes. We'd be able to get some sense of it from the data we have, but it's really not designed as a key endpoint of the study. And in terms of 661 with KALYDECO, remember that we will have historical data on those patients because they're on KALYDECO already. So when you add 661 on top, we'd be able to compare their change from their prior baseline, which we will have measured, rather than having a concurrent control. These are all people that are eligible for KALYDECO and are taking it commercially, so they're -- you can't take them off treatment.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Roden from UBS Securities.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Bob, if I understood your comments on the VX-135 study with daclatasvir, it sounds like you're looking to expand beyond the 20 patients that you're initially going to be testing once you have those data. So the question I'm trying to get to is, what do you need to see in order to advance this molecule on to registrational studies in terms of either SVRs or duration of therapy? And also related to that, when would that decision be taken? It sounds to me like, regardless of what you see in the first 20 patients that, given the small sample size, you'd be -- it would be warranted to take that into larger studies.
Robert Kauffman: So yes, this is Bob. Yes, I agree. We would likely expand that study just to get a better sense of the treatment effect before launching into a pivotal program. The initial 20 patients are really primarily a safety PK and kind of the preliminary efficacy read reassessment. We know the bar is very high in this therapeutic area, so obviously, we'd like to see very good efficacy, as well as good tolerability. But it may be that we'll have to see some more patients before we really get a complete handle on that.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just real quick on CF...
Peter R. Mueller: So Matt, this is Peter speaking. On top of that, I think what is really important to understand for all of those studies, we need enough safety database to move forward to a longer-term pivotal type of studies, and I think that's another reason why you have to basically enhance the population in the regimen that you're going to consider later and so this is outside of efficacy, an equally important component that you have the right safety description.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then a quick one, either for Ian or Stuart on CF, I just wanted to make sure that I understand the KALYDECO guidance. It looks like you've already done about $160 million, $161 million year-to-date, and if you just had sequentially flat sales in the second half from 2Q run rate, that you would already hit the top end of the guidance. I heard what you said just in terms of inventory in Europe. Just trying to understand under what scenarios it could possibly -- the bottom end of guidance could possibly be in play.
Ian F. Smith: Yes, good question, Matt. So as we set the guidance, the numbers you called out are right on. And -- but there was a $2 million to $3 million inventory build and therefore, the demand in the second quarter -- even though we record $99 million of sales -- the demand is maybe closer to $95 million, $96 million. And then if you do flatline that out, it puts you in around the $350 million or just above the $350 million mark, if you do the math that you're doing. And that $350 million mark is -- or just north of $350 million is actually right in the middle of the guidance we gave at $345 million to $360 million. So that's how we gave it. We didn't want to put a precise number, but we do think it's appropriate to be conservative to put a range around the trajectory, the number of patients, which we think at this point in time. I would just say that even though we're commenting on that range and saying that we're treating nearly all the patients, the G551 patients in U.S. and Europe now, the growth, as Stuart mentioned on the call, the growth we do anticipate to start again in 2014. And that does come from these other geographies that we start to sell drug into, that we've been approved and we're looking for reimbursement. And that it comes with label expansion to the study we're announcing today and then the other studies that we're running, so. And those can come throughout 2014, giving us a -- kind of a nice growth trajectory and an important revenue line item in 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I guess, if you were to see a really significant improvement by adding 661 to KALYDECO in these patients, do you have a sense of how nimbly you could be to advancing the program forward for approval, now that you've had some more time to understand what breakthrough designation gives you? And then the second question I have, how many patients do you think that you need to see with 135, say, at 100 milligrams or 200 milligrams to be comfortable that you will not see the liver tox you saw at the 400-milligram dose?
Robert Kauffman: I'll take the second one first. In terms of how many patients, it's very hard to say. Obviously, statistically, if you study 300 patients and you don't see it, you can say that there's a rate of less than 1%. It all just depends on the end. I think as Peter mentioned, as we begin to build our safety database towards pivotal studies, we'll be in the hundreds range for patient numbers and that will give us a fair amount of confidence that we're not going to see it at any substantial rate.
Peter R. Mueller: Yes. And Robyn, for the first question with 661 and 770 in those heterozygous 551, 508 patients, if we see a positive signal, I think the first thing is we have to basically show enough safety data for 661, which we haven't at this given point in time. And what that means is you have to at least conduct a trial of a couple of hundred patients at the end of today to be in a label position that the agencies might accept.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And just as a follow-up, do you feel that the fact that the liver signal was not predicted preclinically, that, that -- and the mechanism of the tox is not fully understood that, that could be a hurdle with the FDA? Or is it really just all about statistics and showing that the incidence is well below a certain number to get people comfortable at the FDA?
Peter R. Mueller: That's 135 now. I was talking about...
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Sorry, I was going back and forth.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. With 135, I mean, I think obviously, the clinical data will likely trump any other information. I think that's really what we're largely focused on. As I mentioned, in terms of in vitro data, we've done a very extensive evaluation for mitochondrial effects and there just don't seem to be any. So we're pretty confident in that regard.
Operator: The next question comes from Yaron Werber from Citi.
Kumaraguru Raja: This is Kumar Raja in for Yaron. What is the strategy for VX-809 JAK inhibitor? And also, can the timeline for the non-G551D label expansion be shorter, given the breakthrough designation?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So I'll ask Peter to talk about the breakthrough designation, how that affects timeline for VX-809. And I think your first question -- I didn't quite catch your name.
Peter R. Mueller: Kumar.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Kumar, the first question, I think you're referring to VX-509, the JAK inhibitor and our strategy remains as we've described, again, this year is that we think the most value can be captured from VX-509 by -- and recruiting partner help. So it is something that we're evaluating partnering opportunities to drive that molecule forward in multiple disease areas. We're aware the market is competitive and the disease areas are broad and big and it's a global market. And we believe to get the maximum benefit from this molecule, the best decision is for an out-licensing, and we're currently looking at and evaluating opportunities to do that. To the -- to VX-809 in CF, I'll ask Peter to comment on how breakthrough designation may affect it.
Peter R. Mueller: So Kumar, there are many different ways how breakthrough works. So the first is, you have basically a more frequent interactions with regulatory authorities with the clear goal to come forward with an acceptable fast development program that authorities can accept. In that context, we already got an acceleration because the [indiscernible] now went down from 48 weeks or 52 weeks to a 24-week regimen, which basically [indiscernible] substantially faster. And that -- and also the clearcut agreement about several doses and now, basically, a mono arm and all those types of things basically accelerated the overall program by about 1.5 years. That's already good news. Now obviously, the next piece is the registration and the approval process. And what regulatory authorities normally do is, they talk with you about how you basically can file so that this may be more accelerated. But it doesn't say that -- a timeline. It doesn't give you, it is 2 months or 3 months or 5 months or 8 months. You don't know. It's dependent on the data set that you have. What might happen, which is maybe a benefit that you not have to do an ad board [ph], which is something they basically sort of say in many different meetings, which would also be beneficial and turn [ph] positive to the timeline. That's about what it is. It is the closing direction with the agency on a daily basis, so it might progress [ph].
Operator: The next question comes from Ying Huang from Barclays.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I have a couple on VX-135 first. Were there any Hy's law cases reported or observed in that 400-mg dose cohort in Europe? And then also, do you guys still plan to start a pivotal development by the end of 2014, if assuming 100 milligrams just goes well?
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. In terms of your first question, no, there were no cases of Hy's law in any of the subjects who had elevated liver function tests. Can you go -- repeat the second question?
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. If 100 milligram actually looks good and everything goes well, do you still plan to start a pivotal development of VX-135 by the end of next year?
Robert Kauffman: Yes. I mean, our goal is to, as we've said, to get the results of these studies, to provide them to the FDA, in the hopes of resolving the clinical hold so that we can assess higher doses in the U.S. and, at the same time, to expand the study once we're able to, the daclatasvir study in particular. And I think our ultimate regimen will be guided by the data. If 100 milligrams looks good, we will consider taking that into Phase III. It really just is very data-driven.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then I have one more on VX-661 here. Anything you guys have seen in the preclinical model that leads you to believe this compound could behave differently from VX-809 in heterozygous patients or not?
Robert Kauffman: No, I don't think there's anything particular that would make one think that one way or the other in terms of 809 versus 661.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And if I may slip just one more. Shall we expect anything reported at AASLD for 135?
Robert Kauffman: I can't really comment on where our data are going to be presented at this stage of the game. Just stay tuned.
Ian F. Smith: And Ying, we can say that when the -- certain study is complete, we generally provide a top line press release in terms of those study results when we have both safety and efficacy. So you can expect that and generally more complete data at the medical conferences to follow.
Operator: The next question comes from David Friedman from Morgan Stanley.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's a question on 983. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what the -- what final steps are necessary until that is in humans and then also, if you have any more detail beyond just the brief sentence in the press release about your thoughts on some initial studies with that drug?
Peter R. Mueller: All right, so it's Peter. So first is, basically, as it is true for all experimental medicines, you have to do a serious preclinical and early clinical assessment, which means tox studies, PK studies, DDI studies, many of those and we are currently conducting these. And we'll see what the outcome is and then come back to you and see what actually we can do. So it's data-driven. Hypothetically, 983 acts very similar to 809 and 661. And you can assume a similar development path as you have seen for 809 or 661 as we go forward in case everything goes positive. Oh, it is already in humans anyhow, so -- but I think it is not in a POC study as -- if that is what you mean.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. Dave, we've completed the Phase I healthy volunteer study. And right now, we're considering what the next study would be with the compound in combination with KALYDECO and also having some kind of the normal regulatory discussions about what study we may proceed ahead with. And we'll be back to you later this year when we have greater clarity on that.
Operator: The final question comes from Salveen Richter from Canaccord.
Unknown Analyst: I'm Chris Halveen [ph]. Just 2 qualitative questions really briefly. Given the -- for CF, given the in vitro to in vivo correlation, how did the in vitro results for the R117H in the residual mutation data look versus the non-G551D gating mutation?
Unknown Executive: Do you want to just close on that?
Peter R. Mueller: Yes. So basically, from a sensitivity, in vitro, the 117 is highly sensitive. And we have, therefore, some hopes that it might also work at the end of the day in the clinic. Now in general, the comment is we have mutating [ph] type of mutations. And I want to just make a general comment. It's not the same for each and every class of mutations. And I wanted to just put that word of precaution out, because there's a difference between trafficking mutations and gating mutations.
Unknown Analyst: Gotcha. And then just briefly for the chief -- the gating trial, your data today, was the 8-week data in line with the 20-week data? The pre-crossover 8-week data, that is?
Robert Kauffman: You mean each period?
Unknown Analyst: Yes.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. So yes -- so we looked at that specifically to see whether there was any carryover effect after the washout period. And in fact, there was no carryover effect. The results, whether you gave it first or second, were very comparable to each other.
Michael Partridge: So thanks everybody for tuning in tonight. If you have additional questions, we are in our offices. We'll be happy to take your call. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Again, thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President  Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Robert Kauffman Peter R. Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of The Scientific Advisory Board
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Salveen J. Richter - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Partridge, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, operator, and good evening to everyone. Joining me on tonight's call are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Vertex's Chairman and CEO; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will begin with a review of our progress this year in executing against our long-term strategy of creating innovative medicines with a focus on specialty diseases. Then, Stuart will comment on market trends for our key medicines, KALYDECO for people with cystic fibrosis, who have the G551D mutation and INCIVEK for hepatitis C. And to close, we will review the first quarter financial results and update our 2013 guidance for KALYDECO net revenues. After prepared remarks, Bob Kauffman, Chief Medical officer; and Peter Mueller, Chief Scientific Officer, will join us for a question-and-answer period. And after the call, we will be available in our offices for follow-up. Before we begin, I will note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our 10-K reports, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also in the press release announcing our financial results tonight. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding the commercial performance of INCIVEK and KALYDECO, our development plans and expectations and our guidance are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. The information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is available in our first quarter 2013 financial press release, which is on our website. And I would also refer you to the information on Slide 4 of tonight's webcast. I'll now turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to discuss with you the progress that Vertex has made in 2013. Earlier this year, we identified key priorities that will enable you to measure the progress of our business. In January, at the JPMorgan conference, I outlined 3 strategic imperatives for our business that would position us for long-term growth: first, prioritizing our development investments to advance our late-stage medicines. We have important late-stage medicines in development for cystic fibrosis, hepatitis C and autoimmune diseases, and our goal is to provide these therapies to patients, their families and healthcare providers as soon as possible. Second, focus on continuing to create innovative medicines for serious diseases out of our R&D efforts. Making ground-breaking new medicines is the reason Vertex was founded. It continues to define who we are today. And third, maintaining our financial strength. We recognize that we're in an important period of investment to realize sustained growth opportunities in the near future and the funding of this investment while maintaining our balance sheet's strength is an important priority. So far in 2013, we have accomplished a great deal to advance our late-stage medicines and show the potential to bring further ground-breaking therapies to patients. We also continue to maintain our financial strength with a good financial performance for the first quarter. In cystic fibrosis, we received breakthrough designation from the U.S. FDA for ivacaftor as monotherapy. We have multiple studies underway that could potentially expand the KALYDECO label. We are on track to have the first clinical data for ivacaftor monotherapy outside of G551D in the second half of 2013. We also received breakthrough designation for the combination of ivacaftor with our lead corrector molecule, VX-809. With the VX-809 plus ivacaftor combination, we reached agreement with the regulatory authorities and have now begun a Phase III program that will evaluate 6 months of treatment in 1,000 patients homozygous for the Delta 508 mutation. We anticipate that we will receive Phase III data and submit an NDA for this combination in 2014. We also reported Phase II data earlier this month with another corrector, VX-661, that has further validated the strategy of combining a corrector and a potentiator to treat CF patients with 2 copies of the Delta 508 mutation. Also, we announced that we continue to advance an additional corrector, VX-983, and we expect to start a combination study with this compound in people with 2 copies of the Delta 508 mutation in the second half of this year. In hepatitis C, we have initiated 2 12-week studies with an interferon-free all-oral regimen of our nucleotide, VX-135, in combination with ribavirin, and 1 of these studies is now fully enrolled. Our strategy is to conduct multiple Phase II studies of VX-135 in multiple combinations with other DAAs in Phase II to position us to initiate pivotal development of VX-135 in 2014. This quarter, we are starting our first Phase II study in HCV patients combining VX-135 with another DAA, Bristol-Myers Squibb's NS5A inhibitor, daclatasvir. Financially, we are making significant investments, which we believe are important to position us for sustained future growth. These investments are focused in R&D for the creation of meaningful new medicines. As part of the strategy we outlined in January, we described how we would control our operating expense and reduce our SG&A investment compared to prior years and thereby, direct our investments towards our pipeline and research efforts. These actions are reflected in our Q1 results, which Ian will cover in more detail. To maintain financial strength, we are also seeking to maximize revenues of our approved medicines. Stuart will provide some color on this in a moment, but I will say that I'm pleased with our performance this quarter, which shows our important position in hepatitis C and also demonstrates the value of KALYDECO for certain people with CF. In summary, our strategy has created hope for people with serious diseases and has created significant value for shareholders and a platform for long-term growth. Now I'd like to turn it over to Stuart.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon. I will provide some background and commentary on our approved medicines, INCIVEK for genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C infection and KALYDECO for CF patients who have the G551D mutation. Starting with INCIVEK. We launched INCIVEK for hepatitis C in May 2011, and now just 2 years later, we have treated more than 60,000 patients in the United States. While fewer patients are starting treatment for hepatitis C compared to this time a year ago, the hepatitis C market remains substantial, and INCIVEK continues to be the market leader with approximately 75% of new patients in the U.S., a number that is unchanged since launch. Vertex recorded $206 million in net revenues for INCIVEK in the first quarter. We expect INCIVEK to remain the market-leading therapy throughout 2013. However, the number of hepatitis C patients starting treatment in the U.S. has been in decline since the second quarter of last year, and this trend is likely to continue in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., Janssen markets telaprevir as INCIVO, and Vertex receives a royalty. INCIVO availability has continued to expand to additional countries, and based on Janssen sales in the first quarter of 2013, Vertex earned $39 million in royalties. Janssen has attributed the strong performance of INCIVO in the first quarter to a continued successful rollout of INCIVO in Latin America. Moving now to KALYDECO. We launched KALYDECO in the U.S. in early 2012 for cystic fibrosis patients with the G551D mutation, aged 6 and older, and we saw rapid adoption amongst U.S. patients. By the end of 2012, we were treating the vast majority of the eligible G551D patients in the U.S. For the first quarter of 2013, we achieved U.S. sales of KALYDECO of approximately $50 million, in line with our U.S. sales in the fourth quarter of 2012. In the European Union, KALYDECO was approved in July 2012, and since then, our key objective has been to complete the reimbursement process in the major markets so that we can make KALYDECO available to the patients who need it. We forecasted growth for KALYDECO in 2013, which reflected our expectation regarding the timing of achieving reimbursement and the speed of uptake in the region. We achieved approximately $12 million in KALYDECO sales outside of the U.S. in the first quarter, which represents reasonable growth over Q4 2012. However, we expect this to accelerate in Q2 2013 given the progress we have made in achieving reimbursement approval in the major European countries. Specifically in these major markets, KALYDECO began to be available during Q1 with commercial reimbursements starting in Q2. The uptake in these markets has been strong, which reinforces our confidence in the growth we can achieve for KALYDECO revenues in 2013. In summary, I'm pleased with INCIVEK's performance within the hep C market and in the ongoing launch of KALYDECO. And now I'll turn it over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Stuart. I'll start by reaffirming our business and financial strategy. That is, we're investing in the advancements of important medicines that, if successful, will drive sustained long-term business and financial growth. From a financial perspective, our goal during this period is to maintain financial strength. Stated simply, protect our balance sheet by prioritizing our spend towards R&D and balancing our expenses with revenues. Now to the first quarter 2013 results. Total revenues were $328 million. Our total non-GAAP operating expenses, excluding cost of revenues and other charges, were $275 million, and we had a non-GAAP profit of $5.7 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we completed the quarter with approximately $1.24 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and $400 million of 200 -- 2015 convertible debt outstanding. This debt has early conversion features based on certain stock prices. These results are consistent with our strategy of maintaining our financial strength while progressing our medicines in development. Now to the more detailed results. In the first quarter, KALYDECO revenues were approximately $62 million, approximately $50 million in the U.S. and $12 million outside the U.S. Uptake in early 2013 has been strong in key countries outside the U.S., and this uptake provides us with the visibility into total KALYDECO revenues for the remainder of 2013. For this reason, we are increasing KALYDECO revenue guidance today. INCIVEK revenues in the first quarter were $206 million, reflecting continued demand for hepatitis C treatment even as the market anticipates the arrival of other regimens beginning in 2014. INCIVO royalties were $39 million, and combined with the INCIVEK revenues, we continue to anticipate significant HCV revenue contributions to our top line in 2013. Finally, collaborative and other revenues in the first quarter were $22 million, bringing total 2013 quarter revenues to $328 million. Now to the non-GAAP operating expenses of $275 million, which excludes cost of revenues and other charges. This is similar to prior year. Within our first quarter 2013 non-GAAP operating expenses, there has been a significant decrease in SG&A comparison to our fourth quarter 2012 and also comparison to the first quarter of 2012, while we continue to prioritize our investment into R&D. In particular, our late-stage development investments into our programs for CF, HCV and autoimmune disease programs increased our R&D investment compared to prior year. Before I move to our 2013 financial guidance, I'd like to provide a comment on our GAAP net loss of $308 million. This includes a charge of $412,900,000 for the impairment of our HCV asset, VX-222. At this stage of development of our portfolio of HCV assets and given the progression of other regimens by other companies, we are able -- we are unable to support the fair value of VX-222 on our balance sheet. And accordingly, we are taking a write-down in the value of this intangible asset. We also record a tax benefit for VX-222 of $127.6 million, results in a net charge of $285 million. Now to the 2013 financial guidance. Today, we are reiterating our total revenue guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion that we provided in February 2013, while we are increasing the KALYDECO components of revenues to $300 million to $340 million from $280 million to $320 million we gave previously. Today, we are also reiterating our non-GAAP operating expense of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion. In summary, financially, we're executing on our strategy and prioritizing investment within our business to drive long-term growth. I would now like to open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Geoffrey Porges of Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So my first question is just -- is this SG&A run rate sustainable at this level after you pulled back on HCV? And -- but if you're successful with expanding in CF, would you anticipate that going back up to the prior level? Or is this the sort of thing that we should be forecasting going forward? And then I just wanted to get someone's perspective on what was presented over the weekend at Amsterdam. I know there wasn't a formal investor event, but has this changed how you look to partnering VX-135? And I'm thinking particularly about some of the issues that have come out, for example, with simeprevir and the preexisting resistant mutation. Do you think that you should be looking elsewhere for further combination studies as a result of that?
Ian F. Smith: So Geoff, we'll take the HCV and EASL question strategy first and Jeff will take that.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Now Geoff, let me take the strategy question, and then I'll turn it over to Bob for the more detailed scientific question around resistance mutants. I think you know our strategy all along has been to combine VX-135 with multiple other DAAs and actually collect the data in Phase II that we think will allow us to pick the best regime or regimens to take forward into pivotal development next year. And I think the results we saw at EASL really only reaffirmed our confidence in that strategy. So as we discussed today, we have multiple partnerships in which we can look at 135 with ribavirin and at least 3 other DAAs, and it's our plan to continue that strategy going forward. I think at the end of the day, the data will really speak to this, but I think the picture's becoming pretty clear that a nuke will be the backbone of most of these straightforward DAA regimens, and we think VX-135 is competitive with any nuke out there. So let me turn this over to Bob for your specific question.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. So just with specific reference to the Q80 baseline variant, we are aware of those data. In the 2 studies, the 2 Phase III studies they reported, there appear to be some decrement in SVR in the patients with those variants at baseline. It wasn't dramatic, but probably, there was some decline. On the other hand, in combination with the nuke, it may well not really be a clinical issue, and obviously, that's something we'll evaluate in the initial studies. But it certainly doesn't change our strategy of working with simeprevir as part of our combination regimens.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And Ian, on the SG&A?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, Geoff, thanks for that. I'll just kind of bring it to the broader picture. Back in February, we did give OpEx guidance, total non-GAAP OpEx guidance of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion. We are reiterating that today. The number that you point to though, the SG&A expenses, where we're approximately $80 million for Q1, I can see what you're doing. You're taking that and multiplying it by 4, and saying that may be just under the guidance we gave of $340 million to $360 million. We're still reiterating the $340 million to $360 million. I mean, we still are launching a -- what we believe is an important drug and still expanding into Europe. And so there are marketing expenses that go along with that. So we're reiterating the components of our guidance today as well, and that SG&A component, we see $340 million to $360 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I got a CF one and then an RA one. Want to get a sense from you, the KALYDECO monotherapy trials, the R117H and the G551D in younger patients. This has been ongoing for a while. So is it that the entry criteria are narrow? Or is it the matter of just finding patients? I would have thought that these would have enrolled fairly quickly given the visibility and the clinical effects in the STRIVE study.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. So for the non-G551D gating, that study is fully enrolled, so that one is well underway. The R117H study is still enrolling, although it's well along in its progress. And that, I think, is just a combination of -- it is still a pretty uncommon mutation, and so finding patients who meet the entry criteria is -- it just takes time, but I think we're making good progress there, and we expect enrollment to be finished some time soon.
Ian F. Smith: And Geoff, I'll just add, there is the other study that's in the other gating mutations, which has completed enrollment, and we anticipate seeing the first data from that in the second half of this year.
Peter R. Mueller: And in terms of the kits [ph] that you are referring to, I think you have to go through a global process that has the kit [ph] process in there in Europe, which is quite a lengthy process, which now is finalized, and now we are ready to go.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. Okay. And just a follow-up on a -- or second question, on VX-509. I know you guys have talked about partnering this out and maybe to get Jeff's perspective given his background, is there a data set or an efficacy sort of benchmark that you would reconsider that from a development perspective to take it on your own? Or is that going to be 100% partnering or both?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Geoff, thanks for asking the question. I think as we've looked at what it takes to develop this asset in multiple indications and multiple geographies, which I think is what's going to be needed to be competitive, that's really a process that we feel comfortable with only in a partnership. And so that really is our plan going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Yee of RBC Capital.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: On -- a question on hep C. Obviously, you're going to get presumably some Bristol-Vertex combination data sooner than the others, and obviously, I think we can all see what a nuke and a NS5A has done out there with other collaborations. So time is of the essence, and the other studies may take longer. I mean, if the data looks really good, why would we wait? Maybe you could walk through some of the strategy and timing of that as you think about that, end of this year going to '14? And then second question is just on the CF 809 Phase III studies. Would you expect this to enroll faster than the KALYDECO studies given there are definitely a lot more patients out there than G551?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Michael, this is Jeff. Let me take your first question, and then maybe I'll turn it over to Bob for your question on the CF enrollment. With respect to the timing of these different studies on VX-135, just to be clear, we're not necessarily going to wait. We agree with you that speed is of the essence here, and we hope to begin collecting data, actually, as soon as the third quarter of this year with some combinations, like the ribavirin study and then subsequently with the others. And as you say, if we saw a combination that was clearly a winning combination or an ultra-competitive combination, we wouldn't wait to move it forward because we agree that we want to go as quickly as possible to patients.
Robert Kauffman: And then your other question?
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Speed of the 809 enrollment versus KALYDECO, yes.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. So we haven't really given any information on how quickly we expect to enroll. I think they will be rapid, the patients are highly interested. In general, first of all, we're recruiting a lot more patients into these 2 trials than we did with the KALYDECO study, so that will be a factor. And the other is that site startup tends to be more of a limiting factor in some respects than actual patient recruitment. Once the sites are up and running, they tend to recruit very quickly, and we're obviously doing as fast as we can to get all the sites up and running, but that tends to be kind of the more rate-limiting step.
Ian F. Smith: Michael, we'll probably have a better understanding of the speed of enrollment when we're on our July quarterly conference call, and maybe we'll give some comments at that time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rachel McMinn of Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Wanted to go back to hep C. for a minute and just get a patient number. How many patients' worth of data do you think you'll have by the end of the year when you kind of add all these studies up? I think safety is kind of the big question that a lot of people have. And then also wanted to get your perspective on heterozygous, of when we could see the first studies initiated there. I don't know if that's something that you think is a next step for 661 or we'd have to wait into 2014 before you'd consider starting any of those studies. And really quick on a housekeeping question, are there any other commercial CF milestones that we should be thinking about near term? If you could give us a little bit more color on the structure of how we think about sales-based milestones, that would be helpful for modeling purposes.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. I'll take the safety question. It's a little bit of a hard question to answer because obviously, these studies are ongoing, and we'll have varying lengths of safety data at any time point towards the end of the year.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, specifically 12 weeks then.
Robert Kauffman: Yes, we'll have 12-week data probably on the order of 40 to 50, maybe 60 patients by then.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And is that really enough to go into Phase III, then, Bob?
Robert Kauffman: Not necessarily at that point, but we will be expanding these studies and starting additional trials, so that we'll be augmenting that safety database through the end of 2013, into early 2014 in order to get enough patients to go into Phase III.
Ian F. Smith: Rachel, just on your question that you asked, you did specifically mark it to the end of the year. But the way these studies progress is we do start a smaller study and expect to expand that study in the second half of this year. So as you look, as we go into 2014 and through 2014, we continue to accumulate patient experience. That's why we've made the statement we believe we'll be in pivotal development in 2014. It's not from the initial study, and it's not marked from the patients at the end of this year, which, as we go into 2014, we will have accumulated more patients.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then finally, Rachel, your question on the heterozygotes -- this is Jeff. We are considering with the regulatory authorities how to approach the heterozygotes. We have a couple of different approaches. I think it's too early for us to give you specific plans, but we are formulating plans both with our current correctors, as we've said, but also with the combination with second-generation correctors. And we want to move as quickly as we can to that population of patients.
Ian F. Smith: And then to your financial question, Rachel, to the milestone payments, we did make a payment of approximately $9.5 million this quarter or the first quarter in connection with our CF revenues. There are future milestones there, but we'll disclose those as we achieve them based on certain sales levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum of ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I have 2 pretty simple ones. One, the first one, would it be possible for you -- and maybe you've answered this and I just don't know, but would it be possible for you to tell us where the IP is domiciled for KALYDECO, 809 and 661 and where you'll be manufacturing those 3 drugs? Second question is, a hep C market question, do you guys -- would you happen to have the following number? The number -- roughly the number of hepatitis C patients today, if you have genotype 1, that's fine, but the number of hepatitis C patients today, who you think are under the active care of an HCV-treating specialist?
Ian F. Smith: Well, thanks, Mark, for the question. I'll take the tax question. And what I would say is, we've taken all the appropriate tax planning steps. We believe there's a lot of value in our CF franchise, and we believe that we're going to be global with the franchise. So we're taking all the appropriate tax steps at this point in time that our company should take and -- but to project out a tax rate at this point in time, I think, it's a little too early. I think as we get close to profit, then we'd be happy to start giving you some guidance towards that. But you can expect that the tax structuring for the company is that, we've taken the appropriate tax steps.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can you tell us where you'll be making it?
Ian F. Smith: It's -- no, not at this point, and it's actually less relevant to where it's being made. The other point I'd point out just because you are asking about tax, I think it's also important to note that Vertex has approximately $3.5 billion of NOLs that do get offset against profits before you start paying cash taxes, so that will clearly benefit our cash flow in the early years of profitability. And to your other questions?
Unknown Executive: [indiscernible]
Ian F. Smith: Yes, Mark, we'll have to get back to you on that. [indiscernible] top of my head.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Werber of Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I just have a kind of a few questions, a little bit all over the place, but just starting with 135, just as a follow-up to a previous question, so it will be for Bob. So Bob, it sounds like you're going to have 40 or 60 patients by the end of the year of safety. That's going to be sort of the preliminary 12 weeks of safety that you need to do with the preliminary experience with 135 with another agent. So at some point during the year, you're going to enroll that into or broaden that into an expanded sort of cohort that's going to have, probably, I would imagine, 100 or 200-plus patients. Any sense when are you going to have the 12-week safety from that? Because that's going to be really gate limiting for starting Phase III. So that's going to be the first question, and then I have a follow-up.
Robert Kauffman: So I think you can kind of add up the timing. It probably will be in the, certainly in the first half of 2014 that we'll have that information. I expect to take that to regulatory agencies to gain approval for the pivotal program.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Because one of the things that I'm trying to understand a little bit is the key to you to -- and do you think it's relevant that, I would imagine, you guys need to and want to be in Phase III before potentially AbbVie and then Gilead's going to be out there with their oral regimen because that could signify change in care. Is that something that you agree with or no?
Robert Kauffman: I agree with that, and that is our strategy.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, second question just on KALYDECO, the $12 million O-U.S., can you give us a little bit of a sense how much of that was in Scotland? And I'm trying to see. Did you get anything at all in the U.K.? And I imagine Ireland was on board. I'm trying to get a sense, that $12 million, sort of which countries were onboard already.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, so reimbursement in most of U.K. and Ireland didn't kick in right until the back end of Q1 and at the beginning of Q2, so the majority of the $12 million, the majority of the growth over Q4 was from existing markets like Germany where we're already on the market and reimbursed. We're really expecting the growth in the U.K. to come in Q2 and beyond.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And do you see any growth at all coming up sort of in the U.S. at the moment? Or do you really need to -- do we really need to wait for new mutations to really expand the market here?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, I'd agree with that. We've said a number of times, the vast majority of G551D patients over 6 in the U.S. have already been receiving treatments. So really, what's going to lead to growth in the U.S. is those new indications that we're working on with ivacaftor in monotherapy.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And just a final question, does the CF Foundation get royalties? Just remind us on 661 and 809.
Ian F. Smith: We haven't disclosed where the royalties are actually paid, and we will at a future point later in development.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to verify what is the nature of the data you'll be presenting at the upcoming European Cystic Fibrosis Foundation -- or Cystic Fibrosis Conference? And then a quick question on your intentions for the convert.
Ian F. Smith: Great, thanks, Liisa. Well, as usual, we don't get ahead of data that would be data in presentations that would be accepted at these major medical conferences. So we will be advising you of that at a future point in time. As far as the debt is concerned, we have $400 million of 2015 convertible debt. It does have provisional call features. It has a hard call provisional call after October 2013. That's if the stock trades above $48, then we can call with that. And then it also has a soft call feature. Sometimes people aren't aware of that, but it does have a soft call feature that if the debt trades just above $63 for 20 days out of 30, then we do have the opportunity, and we'll have the intent to convert it into equity. So we're happy with maybe having that opportunity in the near future to convert the debt into equity, which is all consistent with kind of the broad financial strategy of managing the P&L, the revenues to the operating expense and then managing the cash on the balance sheet and then also managing the debt on the balance sheet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You presented a lot of preclinical tox work that you have done on 135 relative to other molecules. I'm just wondering if you can give us a sense as to maybe how comfortable the FDA is with this idea that it's the interaction with mitochondrial DNA that caused the tox for other nukes, which obviously you guys have less of with 135. And is there any other preclinical work that you might be able to do in parallel to enable yourselves to move even more quickly through the clinic? Or is the rate limiting effect here just combo PK rather than FDA?
Peter R. Mueller: So Brian, that's Peter speaking. So with respect to the Agency, we had quite intense discussion about the safety profile of 135, alone and in combination with potential other agents. And I think we, from a tox point of view, satisfied their needs. I think there's no additional tox status [ph] that we will do. And from a clinical point of view, we agreed to [indiscernible] program, which is, if successful, we'll then basically open up towards the normal enrollment as we go forward. So I think there is everything settled [ph], and I think there's no more that we have to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of George Bank (sic) [Deutsche Bank].
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just one other question on hep C, so obviously, the J&J timelines have slowed, and you're saying second quarter for the Bristol study. What gets you more comfortable that you can hit those timelines with Bristol? And maybe, more specific question, what steps or interaction studies need to be taken before you start the Bristol study?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. Just, first of all, there are no drug interaction studies that we're required to do before we start the combination with daclatasvir. We'll just be measuring pharmacokinetics of the components in the first small cohort of patients that get started. And yes, the J&J timeline is really driven by the outcome of the drug interaction studies, which are ongoing, and once we have those data and can confirm the doses we're going to use, we'll be raring to go and ready to go into Phase II.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And as a follow-up, do you control the Bristol study? Or is that really in Bristol's hands?
Robert Kauffman: We're running the Bristol study.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Roden of UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So KALYDECO in Europe and to get to the lower end of guidance, looks like you'll need to see some greater sequential gains this year than what you had in the first quarter, and presumably, that comes from expanded geographies in Europe. Can you speak to the line of sight that you have a little bit more specifically as to what regions are going to come on board in the second quarter and thereafter. That's going to enable you to get to the guidance range that you have? And then I have a follow-up on heterozygotes if I may.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Sure, Matt, let me talk through. So in reimbursement terms, which is the key to count the accelerating growth that we're projecting, we have achieved reimbursement across the U.K. and the Republic of Ireland with the exception of Wales. The notable markets there are England, Scotland and Ireland, which have the largest preponderance of patients, so them coming on stream in addition to France and Germany where we already have reimbursement in place, that's what leads us to believe that we can be more sure of the revenue expectations in 2013. That reimbursement backed up by the reaction we've seen from CF patients and CF centers and the initial uptake we've seen since reimbursement kicked in, that's what gives us more confidence in the guidance that we are updating today.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Very helpful. And then on the heterozygotes, so we've seen that with VX-809 that the heterozygotes data weren't sufficient for moving forward as you guys talked about. When you think about 983 and 661, presumably, you guys know more about these molecules than we do. Is there anything about those 2 molecules that give you any confidence or any inkling that they may be more successful than 809 in the heterozygotes when combined singly with KALYDECO? And then a sort of follow-on to that is, do you -- ultimately, do you think you're going to need to have a triple combo, that is 2 correctors and KALYDECO, to get the results that you need in the heterozygous population?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, great questions. And so I think as we've said before, we believe, from what we know today and it's still based on a fairly small amount of data that the heterozygotes are going to be more difficult to treat than the homozygotes. Both of them are cell studies, and what we've seen, as you point out, with 809 in the clinic. We may do some more work with the single correctors, first-generation correctors like 661 and 983 that do have different pharmacokinetic and tissue penetration properties. But I do -- if you ask me to handicap it today, I think the ultimate solution to the heterozygotes will really come from the combination of a first- and the second-generation corrector with KALYDECO. And it's one of the reasons why we're trying to move those second-generation correctors forward as quickly as we possibly can.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ying Huang of Barclays.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have one on hep C. That is assuming that everything else being equal, would you rather have an acquisition of a company where you do have API or [indiscernible] where you can have everything in the combo under one umbrella? You can get 100% economics given your stock has appreciated a lot lately. And secondly on CF, we know that you're pushing already 3 compounds in the clinics for CFTR correctors. What's your view of the competition? And we know that Novartis has one CFTR drug [ph] in Phase I as well. What's your strategy there? Can you elaborate a little bit?
Ian F. Smith: I'll take the M&A question in the U.S., and Jeff will talk about the CF strategy. I mean, first of all, M&A and licensing and other things, they're tactics to the endgame. Clearly, if you're in a position where you can control the regimen, it's easier in terms of moving through development and also control of the commercialization of that regimen. However, I'd say, at this point in time, as we progress forward, you're seeing us execute on the strategy that we think we're looking to create the best regimen of what 135 is in the middle of, and we continue to execute around that and give ourselves multiple chances. And at this point, we're just going to continue along that strategy.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then with respect to the CF strategy and the competition, we're in a very fortunate position here that our scientists started working on this problem, 14, 15 years ago now and clearly, established a leadership position in the science, which is reflected in the portfolio of drugs we have. On the other hand, we fully expect there will be competition. That's the way this industry always works when someone sees the successes, and we anticipate that. Our strategy is to move as quickly as we can with our portfolio, get those to as many patients as possible to benefit them. And we think in the long run, that's best for patients and best for Vertex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Liang of Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I have a couple of questions on VX-135. One specific question on the 40 to 60 patients by the end of year, just in terms of makeup of that, would that be 20 patients each from each of the ribavirin combination studies and 20 from the daclatasvir study?
Robert Kauffman: Yes, that's approximately right.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess a quick follow-up on that is, where is the GSK combo study? Have are seeing [ph] that?
Robert Kauffman: So our strategy, obviously, is to have a number of collaborations, and we're moving forward with that. We've started a number of studies so far this year, and we've had the opportunity to start the daclatasvir study more rapidly based on BMS. However, we're now evaluating the initiation of remaining studies, and we'll be getting back to you with the timeline of that as they go forward.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And a broader question is, when you make a decision next year about how to move forward, what regimen to move forward to Phase III, what profile of the combination are you shooting for is pan-genotypic coverage, specifically genotype 3 coverage important?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, it's a great question. I think we've said all along, Howard, that we believe, today, anyway, from what we've learned that we're going to need a highly efficacious regimen, which, for us means, SVR's greater than 80% certainly in genotype 1 naives. We're going to need a short duration of therapy, which we believe is 12 weeks or less, and we're going to need a very highly tolerable therapy. In addition, there are some other potential differentiating points, and they really have to do with Pan genotypic, as you point out, and they have to do with some of the sicker patient populations. And our strategy is to investigate our regimens, first, for the sort of basics, if you will, and then see if we can develop differentiated regimens around some of those other properties and get them out there quickly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. .
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just 3 quick ones. First on -- a follow-up to Howard's. We've seen a couple of doublets in HCV genotype 1 already, and they haven't produced SVR rates of greater than 80%. Are you seeing something pre-clinically that suggests the VX-135 doublet could hit those -- that SVR level? Or are these largely done to increase the safety database? And second, for Ian, could you just let us know what you assume in your guidance is the timing for the launch of sofosbuvir? Does your guidance anticipate competition from sofosbuvir in the fourth quarter this year? And then third, Jeff, for you, you mentioned moving the second-generation correctors along as quickly as possible. Could you give us some updated idea when those could get into the clinic?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. That's a lot of questions. You may have to remind me of a couple of them as we go, but let me answer on the first one. So first, just to be -- I want to be clear that when you're talking about doublets, you're talking about a nuke plus ribavirin. Is that right?
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, that's right.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, so yes, we think that a nuke -- the reason that we're really pursuing a nuke plus ribavirin first is to understand the safety profile and the potency of our nuke alone before we combine it with other DAAs. But our belief is, for the majority of patients, one will need 2 DAAs, and certainly, you can see that reflected in our strategy. So I think that's probably the answer to your first question. Now, you want to just repeat the rest of the other 3 questions so I can remember.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, so the second one was for you also, and that's an update on when the second-generation correctors could get into the clinic. And then the third was for Ian, and that is what is -- what timing of sofosbuvir approval is assumed in the guidance that you reiterated [ph] today.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. With respect to the second-generation correctors, what we said is our goal is to get one of them or more than one of them into the clinic by the end of next year. That's 2014.
Ian F. Smith: And Phil, to the guidance, I'll just say again, we provided total revenue guidance. The only line item guidance we provided in revenues was to KALYDECO. We have accounted for what we see as the potential decline for patients initiating treatment. I actually mentioned that in my prepared remarks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katherine Xu of William Blair.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I have a couple of questions. So when you start the VX-135 and daclatasvir combo study, are you still going to be required to monitor the cardiac, EKG, ECG and other markers? So just curious about that. And then, are there -- is there a cap of sales in U.K. and [indiscernible] Ireland, Scotland and Wales, et cetera, for orphan drugs? Is there a cap on accumulated sales? Just those 2 for now.
Ian F. Smith: So Bob will take the first question. Stuart will follow up, Katherine.
Robert Kauffman: So hopefully, the answer is that's something we'll be discussing with the regulatory agencies once we have the initial data going forward. Our hope is that we will have made a substantial clearance of safety with those initial groups of patients, but obviously, the outcome will depend on our discussion with the regulators. So it's kind of hard to really answer that one definitively at this point.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And on the, is there a financial cap for orphan drugs in the U.K., there isn't a financial cap in those countries. The real cap is the number of eligible patients with G551D that we can bring benefit to. The only country that kind of has a cap really is Scotland, in that KALYDECO is covered in Scotland under a rare disease fund. That rare disease fund was put in place earlier this year. There's about, I think, GBP 21 million in that rare disease fund. That's certainly more than enough to cover KALYDECO for all the eligible patients in Scotland. So I think the short answer to your question, Katherine, is no.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. If I may, just a quick follow-up. On pricing, when we look at our models for the combos, the double combos for homozygotes and potentially, the triple combo for heterozygous. How do we -- how shall we think about pricing? I mean, do we look at the similar pricing of KALYDECO right now? Or should we think...
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Well, I'm not going to tell you how you should look at pricing, but what I will tell you is it's far too early for us to be talking about pricing when we really only just begun the Phase III program for 809. And it's really much too early in the process to be making any comments on price from our end.
Operator: Our final question comes from Salveen Richter of Canaccord Genuity.
Salveen J. Richter - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: On the 661 program, I think you have additional studies reading out in the second half. Can you maybe comment on what these studies are and whether we should expect 93 data in the second half as well? And then on KALYDECO and I could be wrong here, but I think you took a price increase in January where you're looking at the last 3 quarters being flat. So just wondering what was playing out in Q1. Were there dropouts or so forth?
Ian F. Smith: So maybe I'll take the disclosure of data in the second half of the year. We don't anticipate any significant data disclosures regarding VX-661 in the second half of the year. Although, we did mention on our call the other week that we do need to take the data we received from the current or the most recent Phase II study and other studies and have a discussion with the regulatory authorities. That will, then, put us in a position to communicate to you the next steps for VX-661. But try and think about other data regarding CF in the second half of the year, it would probably be at the medical conference and specifically, the U.S.-based medical conference for cystic fibrosis. And as I said earlier on the call, we don't preannounce what we'll be disclosing at that meeting. And your second question, I'm sorry?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: It was on price, Ian, I think, let me take that one. We did take a price increase in the U.S. within the quarter, that's correct. From quarter to quarter, there's really multiple factors that can affect our revenue. There's lots of kind of puts and takes that were within one particular quarter. Let me just, though, address one thing that I think you were alluding to. Was there a dropoff or increased dropoff of patients? That didn't happen. Our persistence and compliance rates are very high with KALYDECO and have been very stable over time. What we're really focused on is the annual revenues for KALYDECO. We feel very good about the revised guidance that we provided today.
Ian F. Smith: And Salveen, I was just checking my notes. You mentioned what we will be doing for VX-983 in the second half of the year, and just a couple of weeks ago, when we had our call, we also talked about entering a combination study in patients with VX-983 and ivacaftor. So that would be in the second half as well. Whether we receive data from that, unsure at this point in time, that study has not started yet.
Michael Partridge: So Salveen, thanks very much for that, and on behalf of the Vertex team, thanks very much for joining us tonight. If you have additional questions, we will be in the office, and we will be happy to take your call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - IR Jeffrey Leiden - CEO Peter Mueller - Head, Research and Development and CSO Stuart Arbuckle - CCO Ian Smith - CFO Bob Kauffman - CMO
Analysts: Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan Mark Schoenebaum - ISI group Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities Yaron Werber - Citi Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Matt Roden - UBS Christine Huang - Barclays Sara Slifka - Morgan Stanley Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Sara Slifka - Morgan Stanley Howard Liang - Leerink Swann Katherine Xu - William Blair Jason Kolbert - Maxim Group Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings and Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call may be recorded. I would now like introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Michael Partridge. You may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you operator and good evening everyone. Joining me on tonights call are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO, Dr. Peter Mueller, Head of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer, Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer and Ian Smith, Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda tonight is as follows: Jeff will begin with Vertexs strategy and key business priorities heading into 2013. After that, Peter will update our progress with our clinical development programs. Then Stuart will discuss INCIVEK and hepatitis C market trends and provide some commentary on the outlook for KALYDECO in the U.S. and Europe. And to close, Ian will review the fourth quarter and full 2012 results and our 2013 financial guidance. After the prepared remarks, Dr. Bob Kauffman, Vertexs Chief Medical Officer, will join us for Q&A. We would like to conclude tonights call at 6:00 p.m. We want every analyst who has a question to be able to ask and so please be considerate and limit your questions to one with a related follow up. I will note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q reports, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including without limitation those regarding the market launch of INCIVEK and KALYDECO, our development plans and expectations, and our guidance are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP is available in our fourth quarter 2012 financial Press Release, which is on our website. And I would also refer you to the information on Slide 5 of tonight's webcast. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Thank you, Michael. Good evening. I had the opportunity to speak with many investors at the JPMorgan Conference earlier this month. What I spoke about then and what Id like to reiterate is that during the last two years, Vertex has undergone a rapid and profound evolution. We launched two transformative medicines at that time; one for people with hepatitis C and one for patients with cystic fibrosis.  The successful launch of these medicines allowed us to significantly strengthen our financial position over this period. We finished 2012 with approximately $1.3 billion in cash and equivalents. During the same period we also progressed multiple potential transformative medicines into late stage development and we are now poised to expand our presence in the importance of these areas of hepatitis c and CF. Our evolution has positioned us with the future with a clear focus; using innovative science to develop new transformative medicines for people with serious diseases in specialty markets. Let me now take a moment to discuss the four strategic priorities that we believe will enable us to achieve this goal. Priority one, we are focusing investment on key development programs on cystic fibrosis, hepatitis c and autoimmune diseases. In cystic fibrosis, Vertex has a long term strategy just to provide benefit to as many CF patients as possible and to maximize the benefit for these patients with our approved and investigational medicines. KALYDECO has already approved for people with the G551 D mutation and CFTR gene. There are approximately 2000 such patients worldwide age six and older that we hope to treat. In 2013, we are conducting multiple Phase 3 and other proof of concept label expansion studies of Ivacaftor monotherapy. Ivacaftor is the generic name for KALYDECO. If successful, these studies would allow us to treat up to 7000 patients worldwide with Ivacaftor. We also expect to initiate a pivotal phase 3 development program this quarter for combination regimen of VX-809 and Ivacaftor and people with CF who have two copies of the Delta F508 mutation. These patients represented approximately 50% of the worldwide CF population or about 35,000 people. In hepatitis c, our long term strategy is to develop simple all-oral regimens with durations of 12 weeks or less that provide a high viral cure rate. In 2013, we plan to conduct multiple phase 2 studies of 12 week all-oral treatment regimens that include our nucleotide analog VX-135. Our goal is to generate both safety and viral cure data in the second half of 2013 to support the start of pivotal development of one or more all-oral regimens in 2014. In autoimmune diseases, our strategy is to maximize the value of our JAK3 inhibitor VX-509 across multiple autoimmune diseases globally. We continue to progress our phase 2 B study of VX-509 in people with rheumatoid arthritis and we have initiated a small phase 2 MRI study in RA as well and we expect data later this year. To broaden and accelerate the global development of VX-509, we will evaluate collaborative opportunities that could provide both funding and capabilities. Priority number two, we will continue to invest in innovative research programs to support development of new specialty medicine for serious diseases. Vertexs research efforts are concentrated on additional advancements in CF and other genetic diseases, such as Huntington disease as well as serious diseases in specialty market such as progressive multiple sclerosis and cancer. Innovative research is what creates our transformative medicines and we will continue to support these productive efforts. Priority three, we plan to maximize revenues and cash flow from our marketed products INCIVEK and KALYDECO. In particular we see the potential for increase uptake of KALYDECO for patients in Europe and other countries outside the U.S. And finally priority four, maintaining our financial strength to support future long term growth and shareholder return. Ian will discuss this in a few moments. There are important milestones in 2013 that will allow both you and us to measure our business progress. We described these milestones to you on January 7th and are showing here again on slide 7. In many ways these milestones position us to provide more certainty around the market opportunities for our clinical stage medicines throughout 2013. In summary, as we enter 2013 we are executing on a clear strategy and set of goals and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress throughout the year. I will now turn it over to Peter.
Peter Mueller: Thank you Jeff and good evening everyone. My comments this evening will focus on the priority development areas that we have identified for investment in 2013 those of cystic fibrosis, all-oral hepatitis C therapies, and autoimmune diseases. Beginning with cystic fibrosis, we are pleased that both KALYDECO and the VX-809 plus Ivacaftor combination regimen received breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA. While the specific implications of this new designation are not yet clear, we are committed to working with regulators to explore novel and potentially more rapid development strategies for both the KALYDECO label expansion and VX-809 plus Ivacaftor combination regimens. Finding the outcome of our discussions, we hope that this will enable us to reach more patients as soon as possible. Currently, we are working toward agreement with regulators on phase 3 trails signs for our combination regimen to treat CF patients, homozygous for the Delta-F508 CFTR mutation. We expect to complete these discussions and initiate a phase 3 program this quarter. As for the KALYDECO label expansion studies, all of these trials are currently ongoing and we anticipate having the first data from these trials in the second half of 2013. Vertex expects to discuss with the FFDA and European Regularity Authorities any potential implications of breakthrough therapy designation on the timing and content of regulatory submissions in the U.S. and EMEA to support the expansion of the KALYDECO label. Also in CF we are on track to report data from the VX-661 plus Ivacaftor Phase 2 combination study in 508 homozygous patients. We plan to report safety and efficacy data from this trial including FEV 1 and sweat chloride on each of four cohorts in the first half of this year. Turning now to hepatitis C, in the first half of 2013 we expect to get three 12 week Phase 2 studies underway, VF 135 in combination with ribavirin, VX-135 in combination with GSK's NS5A inhibitor GSK 805 and VX-135 in combination with the protease inhibitor TMC 435. We expect to have 12 week safety and first SVR data from these regimens in the second half of 2013 and our goal is to choose one or more regimens to move into pivotal development in 2014. Now moving to our immune diseases and our selective check 3 inhibitor VX 509. We expect to have data from the Phase 2B study in rheumatoid arthritis in the second half of 2013. Additionally we recently initiated a 40 patient MRI study to evaluate the potential for VX-509 to improve joint health and structure in rheumatoid arthritis patients. We also expect results from this trial in the second half of 2013. Finally I note that we are in the process of analyzing and reviewing the VX 787 data from our Phase 2 challenge study in influenza and we expect to report the results in the coming weeks. In summary, our clinical pipeline is advancing its plans and I really look forward to updating you as we progress, I will now turn over to Stuart.
Stuart Arbuckle: Good evening everyone. Tonight I'd like to give you some background on our performance with INCIVEK and KALYDECO in 2012 and what we foresee as we head into 2013. In hepatitis C, we remain the market leader with approximately three out of four new patients in the U.S. initiating therapy with INCIVEK, a measure unchanged since launch. As we've said previously, in 2012 we saw treatment rates change in anticipation of the potential for new more convenient regimens that may treat hepatitis C. This led to a reduced number of HCV patients initiating treatment, beginning in the second quarter and continuing through the, rest of 2012. As a result of these dynamics INCIVEK revenues in 2012 were $1.16 billion, with $223 million of revenues in the fourth quarter. In 2013 we anticipate maintaining our market leading position. However, we do expect a further decline in patients initiating treatment. We expect continued demand for INCIVEK for motivated patients who dont want to wait for treatment, as well as patients who are too advanced with their disease and can't wait for treatment. Therefore we expect INCIVEK will continue to be an important revenue contributor to our total revenues in 2013. In the EU and other areas outside the U.S., the use of INCIVO to treat hepatitis C patients increased in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter 2012, resulting in an increased royalty to Vertex. INCIVO is now available in 40 countries, and we expect modest growth in the INCIVO royalty in 2013, resulting from the expansion of INCIVO into new geographies and a slow anticipated rate of patient warehousing in advance of potential new therapies compared to that in the U.S. Now turning to KALYDECO; we achieved a $172 million in revenues for KALYDECO in 2012 following the U.S. launch in February. Specifically in Q4, total revenues were $58.6 million, with a majority of those revenues derived from the U.S. We are treating the vast majority of G551D patients aged six and older in the U.S. and we expect to maintain the level of our current U.S. quarterly revenues. We anticipate growth of KALYDECO in 2013 will come from Europe, beginning in the second quarter as a result of the previously announced access and reimbursement decisions from Scotland and England. Reimbursement discussions are progressing well in the other markets, and we expect to have completed them across the major EU markets, that is the UK, Ireland, Germany and France in 2013. Combined, these markets represent approximately 80% of the G551D population in Europe. In summary, I am pleased with the performance of the commercial organization in 2012 and as we begin 2013, we have two important medicines for patients that contribute significant revenues for our company.  With that I will turn it over to Ian.
Ian Smith:  Thanks Stuart and good evening to everyone. Tonight I would like to discuss our financial position and the strategies that support funds for 2013; specifically, our focus on 2013 financial guidance and the basis for such guidance. A detailed discussion our 2012 financial results was provided in the press release we issued earlier today and Im happy address any aspect of those results during Q&A. Firstly to our financial position how we may expect to progress through 2013? As Jeff mentioned, INCIVEK is been incredibly successful for Vertex, generating more than $2 billion of revenue since launch and we expect it to continue to contribute significant revenues in 2013. We expect INCIVEK revenues, combined with the expected growth in KALYDECO revenues and other revenue sources will enable us to complete 2013 in a strong financial position, while also supporting investment into the company. This investment will provide important data throughout 2013 to guide our future business opportunities. We are in an investment period for our business and we expect to return to revenue in earnings growth based on the successful advancement of our life state medicines. Now, for the 2013 financial guidance and the basis for such guidance. We expect 2013 total revenues to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion. These revenues will enable investment into our business while maintaining our strong financial position. Our 2013 non-GAAP operating expenses will be in the range of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion and principally consist on our R&D and SG&A expenses. Our non-GAAP OpEx guidance excludes cost of revenues, charges to stock base compensation and expenses related to accounting for our Alios collaboration.  Now for the components about total revenue guidance. We expect growth wide KALYDECO revenues to be in the range of $280 million to $320 million. These projected revenues are based on maintaining our currently, quarterly revenue rates of approximately $50 million in the U.S and EU revenues that would grow in 2013. The two main factors that will impact growth are one, the time to complete reimbursement negotiation processes with each of the remaining major European countries Germany, Ireland, France and rest of the UK and two, the rate of adoption by G551D patients outside of the U.S. Because of this the growth will likely not be lineal. We anticipate that the first quarter 2013 KALYDECO revenues will be similar to that of the fourth quarter 2012 and that growth in revenues should commence in the second quarter of 2013. For combination in INCIVEK revenues, INCIVO royalties and collaborative and other royalty revenues, we expect a of range revenues of $820 million to $930 million. We anticipate significant revenues from INCIVEK, although we do expect the continuing decline in the HCV patient treatment rates and reduced quarterly revenues, compared to $223 million in Q4 2012. With respect to INCIVO royalties, in Q4 2012 we realized $36.8 million of royalties, compared to a third quarter of $20 million of royalties and we expect INCIVO royalty to show modest growth in 2013, compared to a $118 million in 2012, consistent with the reasons mentioned earlier. Finally, we have collaborated other royalty revenues in 2012 of $76 million and we anticipate a similar level in 2013. These revenue assumptions are based on existing relationships and do not include any potential collaborative and other royalty revenues. To reiterate, we are providing 2013 total revenue guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion.  Now to the operating expenses, we are providing 2013, non-GAAP operating expenses, guidance of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion. The operating expense will vary quarter-to-quarter; however we anticipate that the first quarter 2013 will be similar to that to the fourth quarter 2012, given the timing and initiation of planned clinical trial and certain marketing expenses as well as the realization of identified cost reductions. The main components of our operating expense are R&D and SG&A expenses and our 2013 guidance for these expenses is $750 million to $790 million and $340 million to $360 million respectively. I'd now like to take a few moments to provide a better understanding of this R&D investment. Essentially something to do in three categories. First, we plan to invest approximately $200 million in basic research to support the creation of future medicines. This is consistent with our 2012 levels. Second, we expect to spend between $400 million and $440 million on life stage development programs. Over 80% of this development amount is in to support cystic fibrosis and Hepatitis C and also includes significant supply chain investments to protect commercial supply for the potential clinical success of the X-809.  And finally, we expect to spend approximately a $150 million on the variety of essential activities and obligations relating to our commercial products. These include safety, pharmacovigilance, medical affairs, quality and post-marketing commitments for INCIVEK and KALYDECO. Turning now to 2013 SG&A guidance of $340 million to $360 million; we are anticipating a reduction in SG&A compared with the $390 million in 2012. This is a result of reduced U.S. marketing expenses for INCIVEK and KALYDECO and a broad review of our business while we made cost reductions for which we expect to see the full effect in 2013. In summary, we are committed to managing our operating expense at a level to 2012, while increasing our R&D investment to support our late-stage medicines and reducing our SG&A expenses. We believe our 2013 guidance reflects our ability to maintain financial strength while we continue to invest in our pipeline of medicines to drive future growth. We are carefully balancing these prioritize. With that, Ill ask the operator to please open the lines for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question is from Geoffrey Porges, of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein: So just a follow up on Peters comments about the CF combination programs, could you confirm that the 400 mg BID information has been provided to the FDA and that you are just waiting for them to come back before starting at phase 3 and then, and by implication that you have applied to add that on to the study. And then secondly on 661 you have mentioned the Cohort 3. Could you give us a little bit more color on where you are in the recruitment of the Cohorts, specifically as the first 120 patients being recruited and being studied at the 28 days of the end of the treatment so that you are starting to get that PK/PD data in now?
Bob Kauffman: So Jeff, this is Bob. I will take the first part of the question and if you remember the Cohort 3 was designed really to provide PK/PD data to fit into our PK/PD model as well as safety data at the dose level of 400 mg BID. Data has been provided to the FDA along with our plan for the phase 3 program and yes were in active discussions with them at this point to finalize that program and obviously we will provide further feedback once we get that information.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein: And 661?
Bob Kauffman: With respect to 661, yes the study is well along and recruited and we are waiting for the data to come in and as we said before, we will be providing for that study in the first half of the year.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan:  So for the KALYDECO, the ongoing monotherapy trial, can you give us any updates you have on the enrollment status for the different studies and then maybe speak to the review timeline, given your interpretation for the breakthrough designation? I have one follow up?
Bob Kauffman:  This is a Bob. Ill maybe take the last part first. Yes, obviously we have breakthrough designation although we are working with the FDA now to determine exactly what impact that will have on those programs and with respect to the review time, I cant really give you any further update at this point. Those discussions are ongoing. The studies are moving along very well. Particularly the mutations, other gating mutations aside from G551D is fully enrolled and moving along, R117H doing very well as well, and the N1 (ph) study again also doing well. So, no issues with recruitment.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: And then for KALYDECO commercially in Europe, I dont know if its possible to get a little bit more granular with kind of what you think the pace of reimbursement discussions will be. That will be helpful, but maybe you could also address other region such as Australia that may be also similar to the review cycle and maybe any other sort of gaining factors that you feel like, when it comes your European reimbursement that you can give us some clarity on the next quarter.
Stuart Arbuckle:  Sure Geoff. Its Stuart. So, I have to say we are pleased with the speed with which the discussions have gone and frankly Im delighted that, already we are able to come to a satisfactory and positive conclusion with England and as we said, were expecting that to really pick up from Q2. As youll know, in Scotland they created a special orphan drug fund and have said that all patients with G551D mutation in Scotland will be eligible for that fund which begins in March. And all I can really tell you about the other discussions is that they are very active. They are ongoing, they are very productive. Nobody has any doubts about the clinical benefit that KALYDECO brings and were working as quickly as we can to bring them to a successful conclusion across the major markets in Europe. In terms of Australia, we filed and were hopeful that well see an approval but the product this year, as you know the process for reimbursement in Australia is as rigorous and lengthy as anywhere else the rest of the world and I wouldnt necessarily be optimistic that well be able to conclude that within 2013.
Bob Kauffman: And Geoff, let me just add in to Stuarts comment with in my prepared remarks, how this translates to revenue expectation in 2013, I do want reiterate that we anticipate in Q1 the KALYDECO revenues to be similar to that of Q4 2012 and based on Stuarts outlining of the timing of approval for reimbursements in these markets and specifically those four major markets in Europe, we would anticipate growth starting to be seen the second quarter of 2013.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Schoenebaum of ISI Group. Your line is open.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI group: First one is, why would the FDA not allow you to include the 400 mg BID dose in a pivotal trial hypothetically; and number two, what should our investor expectations be for 661 trial? Small number of patients, no run in, should we be expecting that to be changed or not in your opinion?
Jeff Leiden: Thanks Mark. Ill have Bob answer the first question and as you talked about investor expectations, always want to set expectations, but I will take the second question.
Bob Kauffman: So for the first one, weve submitted data to them and were in discussions; I cant comment on the nature of those discussions, but obviously in every case they will be looking at the data we sent in to verify for themselves that they believe the risk benefit is favorable for the inclusion of that dose and I think well see how that goes.
Jeff Leiden: And Mark to your second question, so the VX-661 study in combination with KALYDECO or Ivacaftor is it is a different study design than the VX-809 and Ivacaftor study and so give me an opportunity just to describe the study design with them, in terms of what that means of (inaudible). It is a dose escalation study, so low-dose monotherapy moves into that low-dose combination therapy and then as you move through that you move into higher doses monotherapy and then in combination therapy. It is sequential dose escalating study. We are moving through it, as Bob mentioned earlier and we would anticipate in the first half of this year providing you a topline result of that FEV, sweat chloride and safety and so we look forward to providing that data at a later point in time.
Peter Mueller: The only comment I want to make on top of that is, it is a different set of patients in the monotherapy versus in the combo and it's not like what it was in 809. So there's no lead in phase or any of those things going on. 
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI group: Is that a risk Peter, and then I'll drop off; that there is no lead in phase or am I over thinking it, thanks.
Peter Mueller: No, there's no risk as much as we can see it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just, I guess to go back to the question that's been asked a couple of times on the high dose of VX-809 inclusion in the Phase 3, do you view that as a potential sticking point in the conversations or is really focused on the actual end points. I think you guys have talked about the potential to have a six months efficacy end point as opposed to 12 months. And then just separately on KALYDECO 4Q sales, was all of the gross in the fourth quarter Europe, so U.S. was flat, so I just want to make sure I understand that. And then finally can you just give us a little bit more color on your 135 ribavirin study. It says in clinical trials you're enrolling 150 patients as a target but I think you've talked about initially being a much smaller cohort. So I wanted to get a sense of how many patients are really being enrolled initially in that study.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll take the first and the third and I'll leave the middle for Ian. So in terms of the 809-770 combo trial, no, we don't see any sticking points here and I think the only thing Ill say about some of the other points you mentioned is that obviously we have breakthrough status for this program as well, and clearly the discussions we're having with the FDA may be colored by the discussions regarding breakthrough status and what impact that might have on the study. Right now I just don't have anything to report about that so I think I'll just have to leave it that way. And for the third point about the 135 and ribavirin, yes the study is, we have a clear way forward to begin that trial. We have been asked to go slowly with some exploratory number of patients, initially with very careful monitoring. Weve included the monitoring in the protocol and we're about to get that underway. The exact patients numbers yes, I know what's listed there, we'll be going a little bit slowly to begin with and then we expect that that will accelerate once we have some initial data and we are quite cognizant of the need for safety data in that program to progress into Phase 3 and so well be looking at that very carefully as we go along.
Ian Smith: And on KALYDECO, Rachel, yes the majority of the growth between Q4 and Q3 was a result of Europe as we said on the Q3 call. Back then we had already had the vast majority of G551D patients in the U.S. who were already being treated. We added a few through Q4 as they rolled off some of the long terms extension studies and things like that. But the vast majority of the growth Q4 was due to Europe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Yee of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets:  On the Cohort 3 of the combo study, can you perhaps describe qualitatively what you were looking for in your PK/PD analysis, and whether today these are that generally supported what you were looking for? And then on 661, I know you sort of described the design of the study, but what is your stopping criteria? How do you define when you would actually stop and report results? Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: So in terms of Cohort 3, we have a PK/PD model for the combination and really what we are looking for is consistency with the model and we always look for whether we are getting more bank for the bug with higher doses and thats really part of the assessment. And actually I would say that is the same philosophy regarding the stopping criteria in the 661 trial. Again, we always look for PK/PD relationship, whether we are getting plateauing of the PK and PD responses and obviously safety factors into the decision about whether they continue to dose escalate or not. So its just a combination of things. Its pretty hard to give a hard and fast rule.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lisa Bayko of JMP Securities, your line is open.
Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities:  Can you give us a little more color, this may have been asked already, but just on the discussions, lets say in the key European countries, France, Spain, Italy; just its really important for timing and modeling, kind of where we might expect those to roll out.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, so with France, I will say the discussions are ongoing, and our next important time point with them is likely to be around February, is when they said that they would get back to us and they have been public about that being the date when they would kind of next have reached a decision. In Italy, Italy really isnt a major market for patients with G551D. So, I wont comment more on that and in Germany, the product is available currently and is reimbursed and were in discussions as is the normal cost of things in Germany to establish the kind of ongoing price that the product will be reimbursed at. Those discussions are ongoing. Again tough to predict exactly when theyll come to a conclusion. So, I wish I could be more precise but just the nature of these things is that they are difficult to predict in any event. I think they are particularly difficult when youre dealing with such a breakthrough medicine where they have a real desire to try and get them available for their patient and so its just tough be to be most specific, Im afraid. 
Bob Kauffman: Lisa, its something that sometimes happens and recite a discussions with investors that ask me about this expectation, it helps to frame the market for people. Its not always clearly understood but approximately 80% of the G551D patients in Europe are actually in France, Germany and UK and Ireland and then 80% of that 80% is actually in UK and Ireland. So, as you try and triangulate the timing in lets say the revenues, that might give you a little more understanding but to this point, were engaged in discussions with all those countries. 
Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities:   Okay. And then just anymore granularity on, I know you had some push back with pricing but there has been some fund set aside with the other regions within in the UK. When might we expect to start seeing revenue there? 
Bob Kauffman:   Well, in terms of revenue from England and Scotland, Scotland theyve set aside a separate fund. In England theyve agreed to reimburse it. We expect to see commercial sales in England from Q2 and the Scottish fund is supposedly open from March 1st. So really as Ian said, we were expecting Q1 to be similar to Q4 and then Q2 is when wed expect the growth really to pick as patients get broader access and reimbursement in those major markets like England and Scotland. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Yaron Werber of Citi. Your line is open. 
Yaron Werber - Citi: One, just to follow up on Lisa, and so Stuart, just to clarify, in Germany you said that youre still negotiating the price to a certain degree but as you said the product is available and it is being used. So I'm just trying to get a sense, are you recording most of the revenues in Germany with potential reserve against potential discounts in the future or how do we think about that? And then, second, and I just hate to bring this up, I just want to be clear. In terms of your communication on the combination data, this quarter on the combo of the KALYDECO and 809, the height of the 400 milligram BID, are you going to show us the full efficacy data, once you communicate whether you've taken that into Phase 3 or is that something that would be communicated in the future after Q1?
Stuart Arbuckle: On the question on Germany, so yes Germany has essentially a two-step process. So products are reimbursed almost immediately following their approval and yes we are recording commercial sales in Germany already. And then in parallel to the product being available as is the standard part of the process in Germany, you then negotiate the price that the product will be reimbursed at on an ongoing basis. So, we are in that kind of path of that second part of the process currently. And then on the combo data, I'll pass that off to Ian to answer.
Ian Smith : Yes, and Yaron, thanks for the question. Again it gives us chance to continue to clarify and to expect this data disclosure. So, as we said in the past, were currently in discussions with the FDA regarding the protocol design for our Phase-3 with Ivacaftor combination with 809 and that discussion is now under the umbrella of breakthrough designation. So were still engaged in those discussions. Once those conclude and we have a clear line of sight for that Phase 3 protocol, we will find out whether the 400 BID dosing of 809 is included as they dose on in Phase 3. Consistent with that disclosure we will provide the basis for the inclusion in the Phase 3 protocol, or as non-inclusion and so that's the point we would expect. Now the basis for that disclosure would be based on the basis that we find that it is included or not included within that protocol, and so we look forward to clarifying all of that in the first quarter. As we've announced we expect to initiate this Phase 3 study in the first quarter of this year.
Jeff Leiden: Yaron, this is Jeff. Maybe one comment on Germany just to make sure that you are thinking of it the way we are, Stuart said we are reimbursed at this point in the final pricing discussions but during that first year when those negotiations were going on, there is not full uptake nor do we expect full and rapid uptake in Germany. There tends to be a much slower uptake until formal reimbursement is obtained and so just want to make sure that you are thinking of Germany as something that clearly is not fully penetrated at this point and will continue to grow when and if we get reimbursements.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robyn Karnauskas of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank: I guess for 661, so will the part A data that you are going to release the first half of this year, give you enough information to have a sense of whether or not you are going to take product forward or do really need to see the part B and C to give you greater comfort and then also regarding Ireland, like what gives you confidence seeking the reimbursement. Is it just a pharmacoeconomic question or is it really a price negotiations at this point?
Jeff Leiden: So Peter will take the first question.
Bob Kauffman: And then Stuart to follow up.
Peter Mueller: Yes, so in terms of the value of 661 and our decision to move it forward, the study part A would basically give us enough confidence to make a decision whether we move forward or not. I want to just reiterate at one point in time, there is another discussion any longer whether we exchange 809 to 661. 661 is a separate molecule and if we decide so has a different base for future regimens like combination regimen with auto correctors and 809 is basically on its own on a fast track moving forward.
Stuart Arbuckle: And on Ireland, I guess the first thing I would say is whilst the past is not necessarily a perfect predictor of the future, I would say the success we have already had with gaining access and reimbursement for KALYDECO gives me a lot of confidence that well reach a successful conclusion in Ireland and in addition to that, as I say, the discussions are ongoing, they are going well. There is clearly a high level of unmet need in Ireland. It has the highest incidents of G551D mutation in the world and so there is a desire on both sides to reach an amicable solution and I am optimistic that we will do so.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs: I was just wondering in terms of, I guess that first on the CF combo program, if you can provide us with any insight on how you are thinking about six months versus 12 month end point with respect to exacerbations. So it seems to me like there is a focus on 12 months for the exacerbation data. So, I was wondering if thats in line with your thinking. And then on 661, was wondering in terms of the dose escalation, if you could maybe just provide us with some additional details on how and who made the decision to stop at the dose you decided to stop on and if you think thats enough or if you think there is a possibility that maybe you have to go back and use some further dose exploration work, how you did with 809.
Bob Kauffman:  This is Bob. Maybe I will do the second one first and the team has made a decision about the dose escalation all the way through the trial and that who is empowered to do that. Thats all I can really say about that one. In terms of the 809-770 combo trial, I really cant comment on durations at this point. I think thats still a topic of discussion. Again, largely and part of our breakthrough designation discussion with FDA. All the endpoints that you measured are certainly ones that are interest to us. They all are very important ones and they are all going to be included in the trial but the durations I think are not at all settled at this point.
Operator:  Thank you our next question is from Matt Roden of UBS. Your line is open.
Matt Roden - UBS: So just going back to the 400 milligram BID dose, Bob you mentioned the PK/PD models that youll be comparing the data against and can you help us with what your bar is for inclusion in the phase 3. In other words does it have to be better than the 600 milligram QD dose or could it be similar and justify inclusion in phase 3, I guess what I am trying to get to is would you caution us against drawing conclusions about what the data implies simply by its inclusion or exclusion from the phase 3. And then secondly just real quick, can you update us on how you plan to address the Delta F508 patient population, I havent heard about that in a while.
Bob Kauffman:  So to answer the first part of your question, its just a complicated equation about how one factors in all the pieces here. Remember that the Cohort is relatively small. The PK/PD data tend to be more powerful than just estimates of the effects that are seen in the small study and we are really looking for consistency within RO (ph) and that will determine whether we go forward or not. Clearly the safety piece of it was also a factor and all that was provided to FDA and we are looking forward to completing those discussions. 
Jeff Leiden:  And Matt, as we have said before, this isnt only about an increased overall dose. This is Jeff. Importantly the BID dose potentially changes both D-Min and C-Max (ph) and we are learning a lot of what the effects of C-Min and C-Max (ph) may be on efficacy as well. So as Bob said its more complicated than simply a higher dose. Its really how that dose is distributed and what exposures are both at C-Min and C-Max (ph) and thats why it was so important to confirm the PK/PD model.
Peter Mueller: And in terms of the heterozygous, I think those two comments will be made number one. I think we anticipate that we have basically include some heterozygous in our Phase 3 program from a safety point of view. So we will explore basically the combination there. And the other thing is, as we go forward with the dual corrector and other programs, that basically the main route that we try to explore value for patients of that category.
Operator: Our next question is from Ying Huang of Barclays. Your line is open.
Christine Huang - Barclays: This is Christine Huang on behalf of Ying Huang. First I had a question about whether the decision has been made to include the VX-809 monotherapy arm in the Phase 3 trials and secondly on VX-661, also wanted to drill a bit further on the stopping criteria. Did you see any of those being for toxicity or have you seen satisfactory long function improvement to stop the dose escalation. And lastly on VX-135, have you conducted any preclinical test to rule out cardiovascular tox?
Bob Kauffman: Okay so lets see, Ill take the last one first and yes that as part of our standard battery of testing we always do cardiovascular evaluations and they were satisfactory to move the molecules forward. For 661, its an ongoing study and I just cant really comment on the findings or where the criteria for stopping or not stopping in that trial. When we report the results you will really see how we came out. And in terms of an 809 monotherapy arm, again Im not able to comment on that until we complete our discussions with the FDA.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from David Friedman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Sara Slifka - Morgan Stanley:  Hi this is Sarah calling for Dave. On a slightly different topic, just had a quick question about the upcoming flu data. Can you give us a sense of what information we could expect in the press release and I think the initial guidance release data was actually 4Q. So if you could talk about whats causing the delay?
Bob Kauffman: In terms of the delay really, the recruitment went on little longer than we thought. There was also little bit delay in some of the bioanalytic work that supports that trial, particularly some of viral titer work which is very extensive and just took a longer than we thought. Can you repeat the first part of the question?
Sara Slifka - Morgan Stanley: Yes, what you should expect in the press release.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, I think we've talked about this once before, but clearly, the primary end points that we're interested in are the antiviral effect, measured by virus excretion and also clinical symptomatology, as well as the safety of the molecules. I think those are the three key pieces that you'll be looking for.
Operator: Thank you, our next question's from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo, your line is open.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo: A question on 135, obviously one of the last nukes standing. I'm just wondering if there are any external assets or classes that you're still considering for potential combinations to leverage its scarcity value and ensure that it's a backbone in future combinations, sort of wondering if getting through that initial highly monitored cohort is gaining factor and then just a quick follow up on KALYDECO commercial dynamics in the U.S., just wondering if there's any opportunity for additional use in the label indication, perhaps with slight increases, improvements in compliance and why are those few patients who are not on it still on the sidelines?
Jeff Leiden: Yes Brian, this is Jeff, I'll take the VX-135 question. I think you remember that we said probably five, six months ago now that our strategy is to find the best combination of all our medicines for patients with HCV, both by combining VX-135 as a backbone with our own medicines but also potentially with those of others and of course that led to the collaborations with J&J and GSK, which we're very pleased with, with respect to additional assets, if we found an asset that we thought added significant value to VX-135 we'd be open to combining with that as well.
Ian Smith: Yes, and just on KALYDECO in the U.S., frankly there's very, very, very few patients on the sidelines. The vast majority have been exposed to KALYDECO at some point in time. In terms of compliance is there an opportunity to increase that? Possibly, but actually the compliance rates are remarkably high, much higher than we would see with virtually any product I've come across in 26 years doing this. So there may be some marginal increases we can get, but they really are on the margin, which is why we say that kind of net, net, we're expecting to maintain the quarterly revenues we're seeing here in the U.S. in Q4 as we move into 2013.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Lang of Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Does the breakthrough designation cover all of additional indications for monotherapy KALYDECO, including patients with residual CFTR function and one, should we expect to see that phase 3 data, could it be this year?
Peter Mueller: So the breakthrough designation has two components. One is for KALYDECO and the label expansion intent that we have, which covers basically those populations that you have mentioned. We will know when we know what we discussed with the agency in terms of breakthrough, at what point in time we have a submission criteria and then we will also see what data we will release at what point and time. But thats still ongoing discussions and therefore its hard to predict.
Bob Kauffman: And Howard, to the second part of your question of when you could that see KALYDECO monotherapy data and the other mutations we have guided to the second half of this year, we anticipate to start seeing data from those studies.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Katherine Xu of William Blair. Your line is open.
Katherine Xu - William Blair:  So with regard to VX-135, Im just wondering, in the initial cross ribavirin study, how many patients do you need to get to, I might have missed this because I couldnt hear it very well. How many patients do you have to get through to get the sense of safety that could be satisfactory to go on? And then on the tightening of KALYDECO Europe, just curios, do you have some kind of guidance on the pricing relative to the U.S.; and in Germany, in UK, Ireland, and in France. Relative to the U.S.; how should we think about pricing?
Bob Kauffman: So for VX-135, we are looking at a relatively small number of patients in that initial cohort and then an expansion, once we receive those data and we expect that that will occur relatively quickly to allow us to expand. That is in the first of the trial, the ribavirin 135 trial. As you know we are also initiating trials with the GSK and the TMC molecules, and those will be following the initiation of the ribavirin trial.
Katherine Xu - William Blair: The small number will be 20 or 100, any?
Bob Kauffman: Yes, in the order of 20 or so. And then, Katherine, on price; Im obviously not going to talk to the specifics of the pricing discussions that we are having in Europe but what I will say is that obviously we view KALYDECO as a breakthrough medicine and we have priced it as such for the value it brings to patients and we believe we know from clinical trials, it brings the same value to patients in the EU as it does in the U.S and we going to be and are defending that value in our ongoing discussions with reimbursement authorities.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Kolbert of Maxim Group. Your line is open.
Jason Kolbert - Maxim Group: And answered but Id like to explore little bit about whats really next with flu? What kind of expenses youre prepared to spend in order to support that program or whether youre going to be looking for other sources of funding outside of the company? 
Bob Kauffman:   If we progress forward, and weve been very clear about our priorities for investment in 2013 and if we havent, Ill take the opportunity to say cystic fibrosis, Hepatitis C, all-oral therapies, and autoimmune diseases. Therefore, that does exclude investment towards flu. Were still waiting on the data. If the data is good and signals a progression forward, then would use maybe collaborations or external monies to fund the next steps of development for the flu molecule. 
Michael Partridge:   Operator, we have time for about one more question. We are right up on call time.
Operator:  Alright, our final question is from Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is open. 
Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company: Stuart, I wanted to follow up on some of the comments you made about Ireland. I think you said that negotiations going well there and proceeding. But the dossier from the International Center for Pharmacoeconomics is actually available online and in that it says that basically you cant recommend reimbursement at the submitted price and you need to either, fortify the clinical data, the long term clinical data to suggest a mechanism, such as performance based, risk sharing or significantly cut the price.  So, can you talk a little bit more about why Ireland is going well and what the next steps are there and when we might get clarity on when or if they are going to reimburse?
Stuart Arbuckle:  Sure, yeah. Just to set expectations, these reimbursement type discussions have a number of phases. There usually an evaluation of clinical benefit. Thats always been unanimously positive for KALYDECO. Then there is often an assessment, sort of from a cost effectiveness point of view and then you get into, on a little substantive discussion about the data and the discussions on price. All Ill say is that those discussions continue. They are ongoing. This is all part of the process. These things arent linear. You get these kinds of tos and froes and as I say I remain optimistic that we will reach a successful conclusion in Ireland and exactly when that is, I cant say but I remain optimistic.
Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company:   Okay. And could you give us some senses of what additional data you have to submit to them either on the long term clinical benefit or performance based risk sharing scheme? 
Stuart Arbuckle:   I really cant go into the details of the data that were submitting.
Michael Partridge: Thanks very much everyone for listening tonight and for your questions. We will be in our offices tonight following the call for any follow up. And now Jeff will provide the final word.
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Thanks Michael. I think as you heard tonight, we feel that were very well positioned as we go into 2013. We have strong financial position, we have two products that are performing well and we expect to continue to perform well and we have a late stage pipeline that's advancing going nicely with the number of milestones coming up through the year that will allow us and you to judge our progress. So we look forward to updating you as we get those milestones and were looking forward to 2013. Thanks. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Audit & Finance Committee and Member of Management Development and Compensation Committee Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Peter R. Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of The Scientific Advisory Board Robert Kauffman Stuart A. Arbuckle - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gloria Woo Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Third Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Michael Partridge. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. This call was originally scheduled for Monday night and postponed due to the storm. We know there are many listeners who have been directly affected by the storm, and our thoughts are with them as they try to get things back to normal. So thank you to everyone for joining us tonight. Vertex continued to make progress towards building a global business in the third quarter of 2012. With KALYDECO, our approved medicine for people with cystic fibrosis with the G551D mutation, we achieved sales of $49 million in the quarter. We are now treating the majority of eligible G551D patients in the U.S. We believe that the near-term inflection point for KALYDECO growth is achieving reimbursement across the major European markets. In cystic fibrosis, our goal is to improve the lives of all patients with CF, and we're making progress toward this goal. We refer to KALYDECO as ivacaftor when discussing investigational uses, and ivacaftor monotherapy has the opportunity to address more patients through ongoing label expansion studies. In particular, we have initiated 3 additional Phase III trials of ivacaftor and together with other ongoing and planned studies could expand the treatable population to approximately 15% of CF patients. Additionally, on the basis of our recent Phase II VX-809 plus ivacaftor data, we are on track to begin pivotal development of this combination in F508del homozygous patients in early 2013. We believe the success with our ivacaftor label expansion studies and success with the VX-809 plus ivacaftor combination would enable us to address the majority of the 70,000 CF patients in the U.S. and Europe. With INCIVEK for the treatment of hepatitis C, we reported sales of $254 million in the third quarter. INCIVEK is the leading DAA in the hepatitis C market and continues to be an important medicine for hepatitis C patients. We reiterated our full year net revenue guidance for INCIVEK today. In hepatitis C, we are advancing our uridine nucleotide analog VX-135, previously referred to as ALS-2200, which we are developing in collaboration with Alios. We are executing on a strategy of developing VX-135 with other promising DAAs in multiple all-oral combinations. We announced agreements this morning with GSK and Janssen to enable us to evaluate VX-135 in multiple 12-week, all-oral combination regimens. Our goal is to complete multiple Phase II short duration, all-oral studies within 2013 and be poised to move quickly to pivotal development in 2014. Joining me on the call tonight to discuss Vertex's strategic and financial outlook and recent progress in our R&D pipeline are Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Ian Smith, CFO; and Dr. Peter Mueller, Head of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer. After the prepared remarks, Stuart Arbuckle, Vertex's recently appointed Chief Commercial Officer; and Dr. Bob Kauffman, Vertex's Chief Medical Officer, will join us for Q&A. We will conclude tonight's call at 6:00 p.m. To help us do that, we would ask that you please limit your question to one with a related follow-up. I will note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q reports, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding the market launch of INCIVEK and KALYDECO, our development plans and expectations, and our guidance are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of these measures and reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP is available in our third quarter 2012 financial press release, which is on our website. I would also refer you to the information on Slide 5 of tonight's webcast. Thank you, and I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. To reiterate what Michael said, our thoughts are with those affected by Hurricane Sandy, including some of you on the phone. I'd like to acknowledge the many Vertex employees who worked through the storm and who are continuing to work hard, with the goal of making sure the patients who need our medicines can continue to get them. Tonight, I'd like to frame my remarks around Vertex's strategy and our priorities for today, tomorrow and the future. First, I'll provide a perspective on how we are positioned today in key diseases, and also how we are preparing to further improve treatment of these diseases tomorrow and in the future. I'll put these strategies in the context of our overall financial strategy and operating philosophy and describe how we're managing our business as we move forward into 2013. After that, Ian will review the details of our third quarter financial performance and discuss the activities we are undertaking to ensure that we are prioritizing our investment in the business. Then, Peter will provide you with some specific updates on recent progress in our pipeline and plans for tomorrow and the future and the serious diseases for which we are creating medicines. I'd like to begin tonight by formally welcoming Stuart Arbuckle, our new Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Stuart joined us in early September and has hit the ground running, adding valuable insights and strategic direction from his 25 years experience leading global sales and marketing efforts at biopharmaceutical companies. As Michael said, he will join for the Q&A portion of the call. Let me begin with our approved medicines. We're proud to have 2 best-in-class therapies on the market: KALYDECO for cystic fibrosis and INCIVEK for hepatitis C. Beginning with CF, KALYDECO for CF patients with the G551D mutation age 6 and older is a transformative medicine that addresses the underlying cause of the disease in these patients. Today, only 9 months after launch, we are treating the majority of the eligible G551D patients within the U.S. and we have just initiated our launch in the EU. Over the next year, we expect significant revenue growth from KALYDECO monotherapy as we launch the product in Europe, Canada and Australia. But this is just the beginning of our efforts in CF. We've talked several times this year about our strategy in CF and how it is to fundamentally change the outlook for as many people with this disease as possible. First, by expanding the ivacaftor monotherapy label to address more patients who can benefit from this medicine alone. Second, by combining ivacaftor with the corrector compound to address the most common type of CF, which is the Delta F508 homozygous population that makes up about half of those with CF. And third, by further enhancing efficacy of our existing treatment regimens and potentially addressing those people with only 1 copy of the Delta 508 mutation, the heterozygotes, using second-generation correctors and dual corrector regimens. We believe that collectively these efforts could enable us to address up to an estimated 90% of all people with CF. In the third quarter, we've made significant progress on executing this strategy. We've now initiated 4 studies, 3 of which are pivotal Phase III studies, with ivacaftor monotherapy to significantly expand the CF population that we believe we can address with this medicine alone. If our KALYDECO monotherapy strategy is successful, we could increase the addressable population from the current 4% to perhaps up to approximately 15% of the total CF population. That would bring tomorrow's total population of CF patients in the U.S. and Europe who could benefit from KALYDECO monotherapy to about 10,000. We are also on track to initiate pivotal development of the corrector compound VX-809 and ivacaftor in Delta 508 homozygous patients in early 2013. We're preparing to meet with the FDA this quarter. Peter will go into more detail on our current pivotal trial plans. We are also advancing our VX-661, another corrector compound, in a proof-of-concept clinical study with ivacaftor in CF patients who are homozygous for Delta 508. We expect to have results from this study in the first half of 2013. If in addition to being successful with our monotherapy efforts we are successful with our combination development efforts targeting Delta 508 homozygotes, we could potentially increase the number of CF patients we could address up to 60% or more of the CF population. That's an estimated 40,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe. During the last several months, we've also made progress in identifying second-generation corrector compounds. We have identified second-generation correctors that show significant additive or synergistic activity in vitro when combined with VX-809 plus ivacaftor. We showed some of these results in Orlando a few weeks ago, and we look forward to providing you with more information on these compounds in 2013. Turning now to hepatitis C. Today, we are leaders with INCIVEK combination therapy. In the 17 months since launch, more than 50,000 people have been treated with an INCIVEK-based regimen in the U.S. and many have been cured or on their way to a cure. Our market position in hepatitis C is strong. INCIVEK has been and remains the leading direct acting antiviral or DAA. Approximately 3/4 of genotype 1 hepatitis C patients, who initiate therapy with a DAA, receive INCIVEK. Today, there are fewer hepatitis C patients starting treatment as compared to a year ago. Some patients are deferring therapy in anticipation of future treatment regimens. However, there are still many patients that want to be treated or who need to be treated today. For example, during the third quarter, we estimate that approximately 7,000 patients in the U.S. initiated treatment with INCIVEK. Our long-term strategy in hepatitis C is to maintain a significant presence as the treatment of this disease evolves, and we believe we are well positioned to do this with all-oral regimens built around our nucleotide analog VX-135. Our recently reported 7-day viral kinetic data suggests that VX-135 is highly potent and well tolerated. And we're executing on the strategy of evaluating multiple regimens to combine VX-135 with other promising late-stage DAAs. VX-135 has attracted a lot of interest from other companies in the hepatitis C field. I'm pleased that we are able to share with you some of our progress on this front today. Specifically, as Michael mentioned, we have established agreements to conduct all-oral, 12-week combination studies of our once-daily nucleotide with GSK's once-daily NS5A inhibitor, GSK 2336805, also known as GSK 805. In a separate agreement and study, combining VX-135 with the once-daily protease inhibitor, TMC435, being developed by Janssen and Medivir. We expect to initiate these combination studies beginning in early 2013 and to have Phase II data in hand from multiple combinations by the end of 2013. Based on these data, we will plan to pick the best regimens to advance in the pivotal development in 2014. In addition to cystic fibrosis and HCV, an important part of our R&D strategy has been to continue to bring innovative, potentially transformative drugs forward in other important disease areas. During the third quarter, in addition to CF and HCV, we continued to advance VX-509, VX-787 and several other exciting early-stage programs. In closing, some remarks on our operating philosophy and how we're managing our business today and in the future. Today, we have significant annual revenues from multiple sources that allow for the reinvestment into a diverse portfolio of discovery and development programs and commercial initiatives, while also creating positive cash flow and earnings. This has enabled us to complete the quarter with approximately $1.3 billion of cash and equivalents, while advancing our pipeline in CF, HCV and autoimmune diseases. We are excited about the product development opportunities we have. But at the same time, we are being disciplined in our investment in the business. As we enter 2013, we have and we will continue to prioritize our R&D projects, investing in those areas that we believe will create long-term value for patients and for Vertex while exercising strict financial discipline on SG&A spending. We remain mindful of our revenues and cash flows and how to most prudently invest these revenues to grow our business. In summary, we continued to execute on our strategy. Our business is strong with substantial revenues from 2 market medicines, a broad and deep pipeline that has further advanced during the first 3 quarters of 2012, and we have significant cash on our balance sheet. We are well positioned for growth over the long term. I look forward to updating you as we go. With that, let me turn it over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thank you, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. Financially, Vertex has a diverse revenue base and multiple sources. Our revenue is significant and enables us to fund reinvestment to our pipeline for growth. As we enter 2013, we're committed to maintaining financial discipline. We're mindful of these revenues and cash flows, and we'll prioritize, as Jeff says, our investments as we seek to grow the future opportunities in cystic fibrosis, hepatitis C and other priority pipeline areas. Now to our third quarter financial results. Total revenues were $336 million compared to $659 million in the same quarter of last year. Last year's revenues included $200 million in onetime milestone revenues due to the approval and launch of INCIVO in Europe. Without this milestone, our revenues were $454 million last year compared to $336 million this year for this quarter. The key components to the third quarter revenues are as follows: the first, we reported $254 million of INCIVEK product revenues. As Jeff noted, INCIVEK remains a market-leading DAA with approximately 7,000 patients initiating treatment with INCIVEK during the third quarter. We continue to see demand for INCIVEK-based therapy and we are reiterating our INCIVEK net revenue guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion for 2012. Second, we recorded $49 million of net product revenues for KALYDECO in the third quarter. This reflects the majority of eligible patients in the U.S. starting treatment with KALYDECO, with only a small number of patients initiating therapy in Europe prior to KALYDECO receiving -- achieving reimbursement in that region. The number of patients in the U.S. has a potential to increase incrementally in the near term as new patients initiate therapy and as the final patients roll off the cyst study and onto commercial drug. We anticipate that in the near term, the most important growth driver for KALYDECO revenue will be in reimbursement acceptance in Europe. We received European approval for KALYDECO in G551D patients in July, and we are making progress negotiating reimbursement country by country. We anticipate that in 2013, each of the 4 major European countries, which account for 80% of the G551D patients in Europe, will provide reimbursement for KALYDECO. Third, we recorded $26 million of royalty revenues including $20 million of INCIVO royalty revenues from J&J. We expect our INCIVO royalties will continue to be important to our financial results during 2012 and 2013 and in the future. The GAAP net loss attributable to Vertex was $58 million in the third quarter of 2012 or approximately $0.27 per share. The non-GAAP net income was $27 million or $0.13 per diluted share. The non-GAAP income principally excludes 2 charges: $27 million in stock compensation and $58 million related to the increase in fair value of expected future payments under our Alios collaboration. Now to our operating expenses. Beginning in the second quarter, we increased and accelerated our R&D investment on the base of clinical data into our high-priority programs in these areas of cystic fibrosis and hepatitis C. Despite the increased investment in these programs, we are reiterating our non-GAAP operating expense guidance for 2012 of $1.03 billion to $1.13 billion that we originally provided on our February 2 call earlier this year. We accomplished this by prioritizing and reducing expenses, specifically in the areas of reductions in G&A spend, aligning our commercial spend to follow future demand in markets in which we operate and reprioritizing investment in R&D towards key programs. This expense reduction and investment allocation is visible in our third quarter results. Our R&D spent is essentially flat compared to the second quarter despite the progress of our clinical pipeline. And our SG&A spend in the third quarter is significantly reduced compared to the second quarter. As we move into 2013, we plan to continue these initiatives. In summary, we continue to derive significant revenue and cash flow from INCIVEK sales and INCIVO royalties. KALYDECO is positioned to provide growth in the near term. And with the execution of our hepatitis C and CF strategies, we anticipate expanding our presence on the number of people we can treat over the long term. We are balancing this with our financial position and prioritizing our investments. I'll now turn it over to Peter.
Peter R. Mueller: Thank you, Ian, and good evening, everybody. Tonight, my remarks will focus on the progression of our pipeline, mainly in the areas of CF and hepatitis C. Two weeks ago, we reviewed our R&D strategy in cystic fibrosis at the North American CF Conference in Orlando and I want to briefly summarize and reiterate that strategy. We have demonstrated our commitment to discover new treatments for cystic fibrosis by working closely with the medical community and the CF Foundation for about 14 years now. Through our work, we have developed a proprietary research platform that enables us to uniquely target the underlying cause of that disease, the defective CFTR proteins. From this platform, we developed KALYDECO, an important breakthrough that is available today for G551D patients ages 6 and older. If you look to how we can further advance therapy in the near future, we have 3 studies underway to expand the label for ivacaftor monotherapy. These studies are: a 6-month Phase III study in patients with the R117H mutation, representing an additional 3% of the population; a crossover Phase III study in patients with non-G551D gating mutations, representing an additional 1% of the population; and a pediatric Phase III study in patients, aged 2 to 5 years, with gating mutations, where we expect to begin enrollment by the end of the year. We have also initiated a proof-of-concept study in patients with residual CFTR functions. We anticipate receiving the first data from these studies next year. If we are successful with these and other planned studies, we could treat many more patients with ivacaftor alone than we do today, up to approximately 15% of the CF population. Also, in the relatively near term, we have the potential to expand therapy to the largest group of CF patients, those homozygous for the Delta 508 mutation that make up an additional approximately 50% of the CF population. We presented Phase II results at the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference a few weeks ago. And on the basis of these positive data, we are planning to initiate a pivotal program of VX-809 plus ivacaftor in the early part of 2013. While details of the pivotal program design will depend on the outcomes of regulatory discussions, we can provide some of what we think the important aspects of the pivotal program will be. Firstly, we will seek to confirm the safety and activity of 600-milligram VX-809 qd in combination with 250 milligram of ivacaftor twice a day in patients homozygous for Delta 508, 12 years of age and older. This was the regimen that demonstrated the greatest improvement in FEV1 compared to the patients' baseline and also to placebo in the Phase II study. Based on our experience with KALYDECO, we anticipate the pivotal study to be anything between 6 and 12 months' duration pending our discussions with the regulatory authorities. We expect that the primary endpoint will be change in FEV1. In fact, we will evaluate a number of other endpoints as well, including weight gain, reduction in pulmonary exacerbations and CFQ-R. Finally, we may include a higher dose of VX-809 where we've added the 400 milligram BID of VX-809 in an additional cohort of patients called Cohort 3. Safety and PK data from Cohort 3 will inform the potential inclusion of a 400-milligram BID VX-809 dose as part of the pivotal program. Cohort 3 is fully enrolled and we expect to have the data in time for the start of the pivotal program. The VX-809 and ivacaftor combination represents our first opportunity to create a significant treatment benefit for the most common group of CF patients, the 508 Delta homozygous group. But it is not the only program we have to address this population. We are working on strategies to further optimize therapy for these and additional patients, including Delta 508 heterozygotes. In this context, we are developing an additional novel corrector compound, VX-661, in combination with ivacaftor in a Phase II study. This study is designed as a dose escalation placebo-controlled study. The design is very different than the Phase II VX-809 study and it is our first trial of VX-661 in patients. Part A of the study which we initiated earlier this year is evaluating different doses of VX-661 alone for 28 days in approximately 50 patients and in combination with ivacaftor for 28 days in an additional 50 patients. The monotherapy doses escalate ahead of the combination doses. All arms are 28 days and each new dose enrolls a completely new set of patients. We will be evaluating safety and efficacy of these ascending doses, and this will inform our next steps with this combination therapy. We expect the results from this study will be available in the first half of 2013. Beyond VX-809 and VX-661, we are very exciting -- we have very exciting efforts underway to further expand and optimize therapy in CF. We have now identified novel correctors that in vitro have additive or synergistic activity with VX-809 and ivacaftor. This work is based on recent advancements in the understanding of the folding pathway of the CFTR protein. We look forward to updating you on our progress, the second-generation correctors and further combination approaches as we move ahead in 2013. In summary, in CF, we believe we are well positioned to bring innovation and clinical advancement to this area today, tomorrow and in the future. Now turning to hepatitis C. We have a range of development activities underway, but I would like to focus my comments on our nucleotide, VX-135. Based on our 7-day viral kinetic study, VX-135 appears to be a highly potent nuke with an excellent early clinical profile. We are excited to present some preclinical and viral kinetic data for this compound at the upcoming AASLD a week from now. Since receiving the viral kinetic results in July, we have articulated our strategy for how we think we can position VX-135 as an important backbone in future short-duration, all-oral regimens for hepatitis C. Today, we shared our significant progress with that strategy with the announcement of 2 agreements for Phase II combination studies. These collaborations will enable us to evaluate VX-135 in combination with 2 highly promising compounds, each of them representing complementary direct antiviral mechanisms. We intend to move as rapidly as possible. Specifically, we will begin a series of Phase II 12-week studies with VX-135 in combination with these oral DAAs with and without ribavirin. The goal of these studies will be to evaluate safety, decay in SVR in genotype 1 noncirrhotic naive patients. We are planning additional Phase II proof-of-concept studies with VX-135, including a study of VX-135 in combination with ribavirin by the end of 2012 and a study of VX-135 in combination with INCIVEK planned for 2013. We are aiming to identify the best regimens to treat hepatitis C patients, and our goal is to complete Phase II evaluation of multiple regimens in 2013, so that we can choose regimens for pivotal development in 2014. I will just quickly now -- during the third quarter, we also advanced Phase II development of VX-509 for inflammatory diseases including rheumatoid arthritis and VX-787 for influenza. In summary, our efforts in cystic fibrosis reflect a commitment to leverage our R&D expertise, scientific knowledge and capabilities to make a big difference in the lives of thousands of CF patients, and our ongoing efforts in hepatitis C demonstrate our commitment to continued innovation in this area. I look forward to reporting on our progress in these and other areas in upcoming quarters. I will now turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Peter. That concludes our prepared remarks. We would now like to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Bernstein Research.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Peter, I just want to follow up on some of the comments about 135 since it seems to be a focus inside and outside of the company. First, it's sort of an obvious question, which is this is a rapidly changing landscape, but can you tell us what sort of differences there are between this molecule and the other nukes that have failed recently and over time? And why should investors ascribe it in real value to this -- at this stage? What gives you the conviction? Secondly, related to 135, conspicuously, you're not mentioning VX-222. Is there any drug-drug interaction thing that you're concerned about there? Why wouldn't you want to combine this with 222 rather than combining it with ribavirin? And then lastly, could you tell us when we'll see the 787 influenza data?
Robert Kauffman: So Geoff, this is Bob Kauffman. I'll take the first question. And yes, we recognize the rapidly changing landscape. We certainly recognize the issues that have occurred with a couple of other nukes in the space in the past few months. All I can say is that VX-135 has a very strong preclinical profile and in our early clinical study really was extremely well tolerated and produced very impressive antiviral activity and therefore, we have very great confidence going in. As we've noted, is a uridine analog, unlike some of the other compounds that have not done so well lately and it just gives us more confidence that we'll have a very good outcome in the next set of studies. Obviously, we recognize the limitations of the data we have. We have only 7-day safety data. Clearly, 12-week data will give us even more confidence, and that's why we're moving as rapidly as we can to obtain those data.
Peter R. Mueller: So Geoff, it's Peter speaking. I think good questions. So I want to just confirm on the one hand and what Bob said about 135, and I think the good thing for 135 is that it has a metabolic profile that allows us to basically combine it with many different molecules. And that leads me to your second question about what is about 222 and other molecules that we have in our portfolio. So obviously, we are currently looking deeply into what the best regimens are and we will have in mind different concepts where 222 is part of it. And we will come later when we prioritize whatever we can do. So 222 is a viable asset, a highly viable asset in our regimen and I think should not be forgotten. So and the last question was, when do we hear something about 661 and I turned it over to you that's a disclosure question -- the flu, the 787, yes.
Robert Kauffman: Yes, topical in flu season. Thanks, Geoff. So as we have communicated earlier in the year, we anticipate giving you top line results from that study before the end of this year and we're still on track for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two totally separate questions. One, just -- congratulations on the collaboration for 135, but I'm just wondering why you would bother running the INCIVEK combination study. Is that really just for safety, or is there really a point since you have this partnership now with a low-dose once-a-day protease inhibitor with a very well-established safety profile? And then secondly, Ian, I think you've talked a number of times of not wanting to be cash flow negative in 2013 or 2014. But at the same time, you're talking about putting more money into R&D from SG&A. So I'm just wondering how you can manage that? Can we be sure that R&D overall will be down annually in 2013 versus 2012?
Robert Kauffman: Rachel, given there's a number of questions given the collaboration comment, we appreciate your thanks on the collaboration. Jeff is going to take the first piece, and then I'll take the financial question.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Hi, Rachel, it's Jeff. The first question really had to do with how we're thinking about prioritizing these different regimens. And I know you're familiar with this, but let me just take a step back and briefly rearticulate the strategy that we talked about in July, which was, we do feel that VX-135 has a profile as a nuc that makes it potentially a very valuable piece of multiple combination regimens. We also feel that it may be the case that there will be several regimens. One, optimal regimen, for example, for easy-to-treat patients and a separate one or separate duration for longer-to-treat patients. So our strategy was to combine 135, both with different combinations of our own medicines, 222, INCIVEK, et cetera, but also to be open to collaborations with others. And obviously, you've heard today about how we're executing on that strategy. If you look at where we are today, we feel really good about what have in hand, right, because we have now a very potent and tolerable members of each of the major classes that we think are going to be important; nucs, non-nucs, PIs and 58s. And so we're in a very nice position to begin to combine them in different combinations and learn pretty quickly in 12-week studies what the best or winning combinations are going to be. We're obviously in the process right now of prioritizing those studies. So we've told you that we're going to do VX-135 plus ribavirin. We certainly are going to do VX-135 plus 435, as well as the GSK 5A. And then we're trying to understand where INCIVEK and 222 are really going to fit into that, and we'll be able to give you a lot more details as we move forward. But the strategy remains the same. We're going to test multiple combinations, find the best ones for patients in 2013 so that we're in a position to pick those and move into pivotal studies in 2014. And I'm just really pleased now that we have all the pieces in hand to do that.
Robert Kauffman: And, Rachel, to answer your question about financial profile in '13. I'm hoping that you did hear the comments that Jeff made in his prepared remarks and then also echoed by my own. You can see with just the results we've disclosed in the third quarter that we're working very hard towards prioritizing our R&D investment. As you can see that the R&D investment remains consistent with how we guided in the beginning of the year, and then also from Q2 to Q3, despite the increased investments in CF and HCV. So you can see that we're reprioritizing throughout our portfolio there, and we'll continue that effort into 2013 for the high-value programs. On the SG&A side, again, we can continue probably more dramatically if you see the reduction in SG&A spend between Q2 and Q3. Again, that's active management of SG&A. We're following where the demand is in the markets. We're looking at programs, looking at our infrastructure and we've made decisions there as well. So we're working very hard. These efforts will continue into 2013 and I'll just close by -- we are in our planning process. We're taking a look at what we believe our revenues may be for '13, 2013. Both the growth on KALYDECO side and what the potential is there, and specifically look into how we think we may go into Europe and penetrate that patient population for KALYDECO. And then on INCIVEK, acknowledging that INCIVEK, it is a challenge. We acknowledge that. And so we're taking those revenues and being mindful of our cash flows for reinvestment, and we'll give you more of an update specifically as we go into 2013 with our call early on in that year. But we're in the middle of that process. But I hope you can hear the themes that are coming through strongly on this call.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But you still agree cash flow neutral or positive next year?
Robert Kauffman: As I said, we're going through our planning process because we need to understand what our revenues will be at this point in time and as we go to '13, we'll provide more specific direction for our business at that time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gloria Woo with Citi.
Gloria Woo: I have a question on CF and then one on your HCV. I want to know how quickly you anticipate countries in the EU picking up KALYDECO and whether you actually need formal NICE for that group, reimbursement for the U.K. and how many patients you think that in the U.K. and Scotland? And then moving on to HCV, could you just give us an idea of GSK's NS5A inhibitor and the potency? You mentioned it's going to be once-a-day pill, but can you give us a little bit more information out of the resistance profile, and how much data there is on that drug already? Just based on [indiscernible].
Robert Kauffman: I'm sorry, Gloria, but with your questions, I'm not sure whether you're in the office or maybe you're out, given weather conditions this week, but your question really didn't come through very clearly. I'm not sure whether you can pick up the phone or whether there's something else, but it really didn't come through very clearly. If you could try repeating it and we'll try our best answer it.
Gloria Woo: Sure, I'll try again. Sorry, we're out of the office right now. Just first on KALYDECO, just as you would need a formal NICE reimbursement in the U.K. before you can have [indiscernible] use in Scotland and the U.K. and how many patients you think are in the U.K. and Scotland? And for HCV, can you give us some information on GSK's NS5A inhibitor? The potency, the resistance profile and any safety data that maybe in animals and humans? Did that come through?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, it did. Maybe we'll just start with the HCV question, with the GSK's NS5A inhibitor and maybe Bob can give you a quick profile of that compound. I would also offer that following the call, Michael Partridge can send you a package on that. And so therefore, you will have specific details of what's been disclosed on that compound at previous medical conferences. But maybe Bob can give you a top line at this moment.
Robert Kauffman: So this is a very -- we believe it's a very promising NS5A inhibitor. It's been evaluated in short-term viral kinetic studies, single-dose studies, and shows approximately a 3 log drop at the dose that's been chosen for further development, which is 60 milligrams. That 3 log drop is really comparable to the other NS5A inhibitors that are in development now, including one from BMS and one from Gilead. It is a once-a-day medication, a once-a-day pill. And in terms of its other profile, it has a very good preclinical profile and its resistance profile has not been fully discussed there in the midst of a 12-week study with -- in combination with peg and riba at the present time. It looks as though it has a resistance profile which is similar to the other NS5A inhibitors that are in development, but really, it has very good properties and we're really looking forward to the combination studies that we're about to start.
Robert Kauffman: Then to the question on KALYDECO. Welcoming Stuart Arbuckle, our newly-appointed Chief Commercial Officer.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: This is Stuart Arbuckle. So just addressing your questions on KALYDECO reimbursement in the U.K. As an open drug, it doesn't actually currently go through NICE but it is going through an official reimbursement process in England, Scotland and the other countries in the U.K. and the Republic of Ireland. We are in the middle of that process. It's going well, it's difficult to predict, though, exactly when that process will conclude. And in terms of patient numbers across Europe, we think there's about the same number of G551D patients in Europe as there are in the United States, but approximately half of them are in the U.K. and the Republic of Ireland.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I've got a couple on the CF combo. You guys mentioned you're meeting with FDA this quarter. I guess I appreciate the urgency on starting the Phase III. But first question is, should we read into this that you guys ultimately expect 661 to look less robust? In other words, why wouldn't you at least wait for that data? And the second question is, is the 800-milligram, 809 does look stronger than 400 or 600, do you think you go right into Phase III or do you think another FDA meeting to tweak your protocol would be required? And I have one follow-up.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Geoff. Peter will take that question.
Peter R. Mueller: Geoff, it's Peter speaking. I think I'll start with the second question first about that is the BID 400-milligram question. Do we need to do another study to go in Phase III or go directly into Phase III. So the answer is, we have enough data in our Phase I and II packages gathered to basically do molecular modeling that gives you an insight about how you might conduct a Phase III study in different dose regimens. One is upwards like the 600-milligram that we have to confirm that is sort of standard approach, you know you have to confirm the data and what you have to have in Phase II. And the other one is go with a higher dose. And I think the twice 400 is, from a modeling point, what it is. That's the reason why we also do Cohort 3 to confirm that we have a chance to go with a higher dose in that study. We do not need -- at this given point in time, it is our strong belief, another study to add a higher dose of VX-809 into our Phase III regimen. Now the question will be, with the agency, what the right dose is and what the higher dose is. It might not necessarily be twice 400, it could be something else, but that is the reason why we did the study. So I think the answer is, no, we go directly into pivotal trials with 600-milligram as the confirmatory arm of it, and then there's another higher dose and that might be twice 400 or might be something else. So that's the first question. So the second question is, why do we not wait for 661 data in all these type of things? I think we have basically concluded a Phase II study, and we go as fast as we can with the regimen for the patient population that responded well over the finish line. And so, if you would wait with 661, you would delay basically substantially the entire development and the outcome. And we have a commitment to basically reach out to those patients as fast as we can. This is our commitment as a company, and I think the 809-770 combination is a very viable regimen that really will have big impact in a big population, and I think we want to not slow down by 2 years, waiting for 661.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then a follow-up, just a quick one on the dual corrector strategy. Is the assumption that you guys would include 809 and KALYDECO as part of the combo? I guess I want to get a better sense for why do you think 2 new agents that are correctors may be needed or if it is sort of an add-on to 809 KALYDECO? And what have you seen thus far in some of your preclinical work?
Peter R. Mueller: So there's 2 questions. What we have seen so far is basically addition of a second-generation corrector to our existing correctors and KALYDECO. And so, there's an 809 ivacaftor or KALYDECO-type of regimen as a base, and you add in new correctors, and when you add in one of these, you basically get nice synergistic efforts. There is also what we have seen, the combination of 2 new ones that will bring you to very high levels of CFTR expression, which is I think a good one. And at the end of the day, it will probably be a mix-and-match out of different type of things. That you have in one case, maybe 770 and 809 and 1 of those correctors, in other cases, maybe the 2 correctors. And that is driven by the patient population that segregate in the CF world. Because you have heterozygotes, homozygotes, you have pancreatic insufficient ones and that might respond differently to different regimens. So it is basically not a one-size-fits-all solution, it is a patient tale of personalized medicine approach to treat those populations the best we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: This is Omar filling in for Mark. I had a couple of questions, both on CF. Number one, on disclosure plans, so should we expect a press release with FEV1 data after Part A of 661 trial finishing? And also, when the third cohort in the 809 combination trial for the 400-milligram BID dose finishes, should we expect FEV1 data in a press release for that? And secondly, are there any plans for an extension phase of the 400-mg BID arm, beyond the 2 months?
Robert Kauffman: Thanks, Omar. I'll take the disclosure questions and then maybe Peter can take whether there's a plan for any extension. I'm first going to go to the 400 BID, and I appreciate you asking the question, there's been a number of questions regarding disclosure of this data. I refer you back to Peter's commentary just a moment ago, which is the purpose of that study, which effectively is to support the data we'd already gathered from Phase I and Phase II with our combination therapy and into PK/PD modeling exercise and that data in Cohort 3 will supplement the data we've already collected. I think the key for us is that the Phase III study design, which we'll be shortly discussing with the regulatory authorities, and when we have a better understanding of what that protocol and design is and all the various ARMs and the duration of that study, we'll provide you a disclosure around the design for the Phase III. And at that point in time, in disclosing the Phase III data, we'll give you a basis for that protocol design. So that's the answer for the Cohort 3. And I'd just point out that it is only 15 patients and it is not powered to measure FEV. As far as VX-661 is concerned, that's in a combination study at this point. Bob described -- sorry, Peter described that study in his prepared remarks. It is a dose escalating study. Monotherapy, which goes to combination therapy, and then escalating doses. We are in the process of running that study and it will run into 2013. And at the point that we have completed the whole study, so it will be final data. We'll provide you with top line press release and that would include FEV, but it's effectively a safety and efficacy top line press release, and that will be in the first half of 2013. And as to your third question, I'm going to turn it back to Peter. That was regarding the extension.
Peter R. Mueller: Yes. And with respect to the extension for the twice 400-mg BID, we have no intention to basically have an extension for that particular small population at this given point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: On your plan to start combination studies with 135, with the new GSK and the J&J compounds, what data do you actually need to have or present to FDA or anything to actually start dosing patients? What actually goes on in that discussion? And related to that, I noticed that you said you actually need to have a drug-drug interaction with the J&J drug, but that wasn't really matching with the GSK drug. So I'm just trying to understand what logistically do you need to do to actually start dosing patients and what are the steps?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Maybe Bob will take the first question. Peter can talk about the J&J compound.
Robert Kauffman: So in terms of going forward, we have an open IND in the U.S. and so it is a matter of submitting a protocol to the FDA for the review, and oftentimes, comments may come either in writing or on a brief telecon. But we have already had some discussions with them regarding our ribavirin study and the telaprevir study, and we certainly understand what's required in order to move forward, and we're planning on doing that with the ribavirin study, which will be starting imminently. The process is really very much the same with the other 2 compounds. Both are under review with the FDA. Their IND is obviously for both other compounds, and so it's a rather straightforward pattern to just get the FDA to cross-reference the INDs, review the data and then have a discussion about the protocol. Nothing complicated.
Peter R. Mueller: So what is going on? Maybe I'd just say, I think there is absolutely fair discussion going on in the FDA, and it is a compound-by-compound discussion and it's not a one-size-fits-all type of approach. I think you have to provide data and then basically you get, treated dependent on your data, and not necessarily dependent on other people's data. So I want to just say that. And then, that goes with the DDI study. So I think every compound has a different metabolism and dependent on what the metabolism is and what the potential interaction could be in combination of 2 compounds, you might consider or not to do a DDI study. And there is a difference between PIs and NS5As in general about how they get metabolized, and so there's not the same size and the same type of approach for each and every compound. And that's the reason why we basically opted for the Janssen compound, the TMC435, to do a DDI study up front to get the better doses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I wanted to change topics to your influenza program. And I'm just looking at ClinicalTrials.gov and it says that you're going to inoculate healthy adult volunteers. First question is, who actually would enroll in the study? And number two, actually, the more important question is, what data are you looking for to really get excited about the program? And what's the hurdle for going -- to taking this program forward?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. People volunteer for studies, is all I can say. Obviously, there's some remuneration that goes on for these volunteers. But it's just the way things work.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: That was kind of a joke question. You don't really have to answer it. I just can't believe it. But I really was more interested in sort of like the -- when we think about the endpoints of what you're looking at and what is really going to be compelling to take the program forward?
Robert Kauffman: So what we look for is obviously, we're looking for evidence of antiviral activity and that's really measured by viral shedding and nasal secretions, and that can be measured either by looking for a live virus or by various PCR technologies. So we're looking, first of all, for antiviral activity, we're obviously looking for the safety of the compound and we're also looking for a change in reduction of symptomatology. This is an attenuated strain of influenza, the subjects don't get that sick. But we do -- we are able to measure shortening of the clinical illness. And so it's really a combination of antiviral and clinical symptomatology measures that are the way one describes efficacy in these kinds of studies and that's really what we're looking for.
Peter R. Mueller: Liisa, I just want to add one thing to the enrollment because it might have sort of questions whether people want to get sort of infected. There is a flu camp in the U.K. that's called Flu Camp, and we are basically having the study completely enrolled at those, okay? So I think that would be a basically sort of currently in the data collecting phase. And that's reason why we basically hope by end of year be happy enough that we can sort of analyze and then tell you said sort of really next year what it is.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: And can you get a little bit more specific? Like, quantitatively, what kind of threshold antiviral effect? Like how it will be measured and what levels you are going to be looking for? What range would be sufficient to move forward? And the same thing, I don't know if there's a way to talk about symptomatology or shedding, nasal shedding, et cetera?
Robert Kauffman: I mean, the purpose of this study, really, first of all, is to look at the safety of the compound. It's our first real longer duration trial, and so we're looking for safety. We're also looking for dose response, because one of the goals of this trial is to help narrow down the dose range when we would ultimately conduct a study in natural influenza. And I would say that given that it's attenuated, given the characteristics of the way these studies are run, that's really kind of what we're looking for is a dose response. We're looking for as complete and antiviral response as we can get, and then we go on and do further trials.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Alethia in for Robin. Just a quick question on your guidance for INCIVEK seems to imply kind of a wide range of outcomes in Q4. I was just wondering if you could give us some color in what you're seeing around trends in Q4 in the hep C market in a little bit more detail?
Robert Kauffman: I'll just, first of all, reiterate our guidance and why we're reiterating guidance, which is at this point through the year we've recorded net revenues for INCIVEK of around $940 million, and our guidance that we're updating tonight are -- reiterating tonight is $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion. And so when we see the current demand of our products, we are also heading into November now, but we're very comfortable in reiterating that guidance and we'll be providing more information on trends as we go in 2013. Obviously, we're watching it closely because it impacts how we think about our business for 2013.
Alethia Young - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And also on the TMC435 trial, is that a U.S. trial or a global trial?
Robert Kauffman: It's likely that sites in the U.S., a substantial number of sites in the U.S. will be involved in that trial. The planning is still ongoing with Janssen who are going to be running that study.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With respect to the ongoing 661 study, I'm just wondering, what are you looking for to conclude dose escalation? Is that going to be driven more by safety or by efficacy? And should we take the official narrowing of guidance results to come in the first half next year to mean that you're at or near doses that you're expecting will have activity or at least exposure similar to 600 mgs of VX-809?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: I'll take the first part of that in terms of guidance and disclosure, Brian. Frankly, I don't know whether there's a narrowing of guidance, we anticipate the data coming in the first half of 661 as I commented earlier. It is a dose escalation study. Maybe I'll turn it over to Bob in terms of what we're looking at as we go up in each of the doses. So, Bob, can you?
Robert Kauffman: Yes. I mean, normally, we're looking for a dose response for the endpoints that we're looking at, which includes sweat chloride and other measures. And the hope is that we can define the large part of the dose response curve so that we can pick doses for the next set of studies. And that's really -- that's what we do.
Peter R. Mueller: I think the interesting piece here is that 661 has a different biodistribution, and so you cannot basically collect data from 809 and basically sort of refer to it. So you have to do your own study. Chances are here that you can come with substantially lower doses, and that's basically what we are trying to do to have basically a low [indiscernible] burden, a low dose burden and that allows us to do better combination studies in the future, with many different second-generation correctors or KALYDECO or anything in the mix.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just of quick follow-up. Following the Phase II studies for the VX-135 combo, just wondering, forwardly speaking, what types of options you might envision would your preference be to pursue further studies with those compounds? Perhaps bring in other assets within the same classes? Where do you sort of foresee the next steps fast forwarding beyond next year?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: This is Jeff. Let me answer it at a high level, and then Peter and Bob can add additional color. So as I've said before, we're really pleased with where we are today because we now have high potency and competitive assets in each of the major classes. So obviously our nuc, which you've seen the data on TMC, which you've also seen a lot of data on in the protease inhibitor class, we feel is an excellent next-generation protease inhibitor. 222, our non-nuc, which also is highly potent, you've seen some already [indiscernible]. And then the GSK NS5A, which as you know, look like they're going to be important components of regimens and it's a once-a-day highly potent NS5A that's already been in humans and shown very nice viral log drops. And so, I think we have the pieces in hand. But the question now is which regimens for which patients? We're going to try some 2 drug regimens, particularly for easy-to-treat patients. We may try some 3 drug regimens. But our strategy is to collect that data next year and based on the data, pick regimens to go forward with the pivotal trials in 2014. Now each of the collaborations we sign today are nonexclusive, and so we do have the opportunity as we go forward, if we see a compounds that would add benefits to patients to do additional collaborations. But we're pretty pleased with where we are today in terms of having all the pieces in hand to begin with these studies.
Operator: Our next question comes Matt Roden with UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to get into the KALYDECO commercial trends a little bit. The experts tell us that KALYDECO is well penetrated with big academic centers. But just trying to get a sense of where we are on a broader basis, so we can understand what the -- where we are with the eligible segments that is not yet penetrated. What it will take and over what time frame do you expect a cashable station [ph]? I heard you mention at the top of the call that majority of those eligible in the U.S. are being treated, but can you actually give us more specific in terms of where we are in penetration into that market? How do you expect to convert those patients?
Stuart A. Arbuckle: This is Stuart. I'll take that. So yes, you heard correctly, the vast majority of patients in the U.S. who are eligible are already taking the product. And so, in the U.S., while we're expecting a handful more of products to be added into the mix, we really are at the vast majority of patients right now and we're very pleased with that. As Jeff said, the uptick of KALYDECO has been astonishingly quick. In my experience, it's been an incredibly impressive launch and really reflects what a great breakthrough medicine KALYDECO is. And again, as Jeff said, in the future, we're expecting the major infection for KALYDECO in 2013 to come from uptick in the EU.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you comment on the gross to net? Was there any change this quarter? Just trying to get a sense of whether or not -- I mean, is $50 million really the -- can you formulate what the current level you have right now in the U.S?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: I'll take that question. The gross to net -- or the discount has slightly increased through the year. As we launched it with -- it tended to be around 8% to 9%. And right now as we enter the fourth quarter, it's around 9% to 10%. That's really just a reflection of the patients that we're treating, and we'd anticipate that the continue into the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you can tell us on the KALYDECO 661 Phase II trial, if there is an interim analysis? I understand you guys are going to release final data to us, but is there an interim analysis built into that trial? And then the second question is, thinking about the disconnect between, I guess, FEV and sweat chloride. Seeing the KALYDECO 809 trial, is there a rationale to think that you'd see a similar disconnect in the KALYDECO 661 trial?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Terence, I'll take the disclosure question. We'd like to complete the study. VX-661 in combination with KALYDECO, that means going through the monotherapy and then the combination period with each of the escalating doses. We'd like to complete all of those ascending doses, and at that point, with final and complete data, we'll provide a top line press release. And that's why we're guiding to the first half of 2013 in terms of a top line release.
Peter R. Mueller: So the second question that you had, this is Peter speaking, is about, do we anticipate a similar disconnect between sweat chloride and FEV? The answer is I don't know. Because that's why we are doing the study. And we will see at the end of the day what the relationship is, because they have very different molecules here that penetrate differently into the body and into the tissues. So I can't really answer that at this given point in time, that's one of the reasons why we're doing the study.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Operator, we're now 5 minutes past 6. We have time for 2 more questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Barclays.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So can you elaborate a little more on the decision to collaborate on VX-135 with GSK's NS5A inhibitor? We know that there's a scarcity of other nucs in development, that's why VX-135 is very precious. But there's no shortage of NS5A in development right now. So what attracts you guys in terms of the GSK's NS5A program compares to, let's say, a more advanced drug like Bristol's daclatasvir? And then second question is, do you guys think between your internal studies, for example, combination with INCIVEK and ribavirin, and then the TMC435 and then the GSK studies, you will have sufficient database in terms of safety to move on to a pivotal study in 2014?
Robert Kauffman: So the first is about our excitement about the Glaxo 5A inhibitor. I must say, what I have seen from a preclinical package, it's really impressive. What I have seen in the clinic, it's really impressive. And the log drop is basically in the range that all the other 5As have. Interesting piece though is the metabolic profile that allows it to really be easily combined with our own molecules, which is a key criteria when you basically do combination regimens. And so, I'm really excited about that molecule. And I think it is far enough advanced and it is a once-a-day. That is the other piece. It offers the opportunity at the end of the day to come out with a once-a-day regimen. And given the 60-milligram dose that you basically have seen in the regimen, what it also allows this and that's why I'm really excited about it. To do coformulation studies and have maybe a once-a-day pill with whatever regimen that we have at the end of the day in mind. This is really fantastic. And so this is the excitement about this. And the other question was about, do we have enough data by doing all those Phase II studies to enter into Phase III in 2014? And the answer is absolutely yes because we will have a pooling concept from a safety point of view with everybody that has received 135, and then for the regimen that we pick, we have enough data to move forward in 2014 from an efficacy point of view.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And our last question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of David Friedman of Morgan Stanley.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. The first is, in the ivacaftor, the minimal moderate CFTR residual function, how are you defining residual exocrine pancreatic function? And then just the second quickly is, do you have a sense as to how well efficacy in an experimental flu model correlates with the efficacy in a real sort of real life flu situation?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So for the second question, yes, it's an artificial system, and the goal is really to get some preliminary read on antiviral activity and more importantly, to narrow the dose range. One can get a sense of the dose range to be studied in subsequent natural influenza, and that really is the goal of the study.
Robert Kauffman: I can add maybe one thing to that. That is maybe a different for 787 compared to Tamiflu. We have also a possibility to study viral clearance because that's a mechanism that actually, I think, that Tamiflu doesn't provide. And so we will also look into that. Bu that is basically the time factor to it. We do know with the challenge study what day you have infected and you can basically go backwards and say, what is the clearance after 1 day, 2 days, 3 days, which is really important thing to basically add value to the molecule. So that's the other piece that we have sort of look into.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: In terms of the ivacaftor question, it's really primarily based on functional results. Those people who are dependent on pancreatic enzyme replacement are considered to be pancreatic insufficient, and those who can manage without them are generally pancreatic sufficient. And that's how we define it. Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining us tonight. We are in our offices. If you didn't get ask a question or if you have a further follow-up, and I would add that we look forward to seeing many of you at the EASL League Conference, which starts in Boston at the end of next week. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge  VP, IR Jeff Leiden  Chair, President and CEO Ian Smith  EVP and CFO Peter Mueller  EVP, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer Robert Kauffman  SVP and Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Geoff Porges  Sanford Bernstein Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group Yaron Werber  Citigroup Geoff Meacham  JPMorgan Matt Roden  UBS Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird Ying Huang  Barclays Capital Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities David Friedman  Morgan Stanley Katherine Xu  William Blair Howard Liang  Leerink Swann Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets Ed Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray Phil Nadeau  Cowen and Co. Brian Skorney  Brean Murray Alan Carr  Needham & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated second quarter 2012 financial results conference call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now I'll turn the conference over to Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Michael Partridge: Good evening and welcome to Vertex's second quarter 2012 conference call. Vertex continued to make progress in the second quarter of 2012 to build our global business. With our approved medicines, in its first full quarter, Kalydeco achieved $46 million in US sales, reflecting increased uptake in people with CF who have the G551D mutation. We also announced on Friday that we have received approval of Kalydeco in the EU. Incivek, for the treatment of hepatitis C, reported sales of $328 million in the second quarter. We continue to lead the market in hepatitis C, approximately 70% to 75% of new DAA prescriptions written in the US are for Incivek. However, the number of patients initiating treatment for hepatitis C has declined compared to late 2011 and early 2012. Therefore, we have revised our 2012 guidance for total Incivek net revenues today. Highlighting our progress in R&D, in cystic fibrosis, with clinical results and study initiations, we advanced our efforts to be able to expand the number of CF patients we may ultimately treat. And in hepatitis C we today announced promising seven-day viral kinetic data for our first nucleotide analog ALS-2200 that we licensed from Alios BioPharma. To discuss these and other developments on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, CEO and Chairman; Ian Smith, CFO; and Dr. Peter Mueller, Head of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer. After the prepared remarks, Bob Kauffman, Vertex's Chief Medical Officer, will join us, and we will take your questions. We expect to conclude the call as close to 6:00 p.m. as we can manage. To help us do that, we would ask that you please limit your questions to one with a related follow-up. I will note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q reports, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation those regarding the market launch of Incivek and Kalydeco and our guidance are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP is available in our second quarter 2012 financial press release which is on our website. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Thank you, Michael. Good evening, everyone. 2012 has been a very dynamic and productive year for our business. During the last seven months we have delivered a series of important advancements. For cystic fibrosis, the approval and successful launch of Kalydeco in the US, m more recent approval of Kalydeco in Europe, and positive Phase II data for the VX-809 plus Kalydeco combination in delta 508 homozygous patients that supports progressing to a pivotal program; and now in hepatitis C, very impressive seven-day viral kinetic data for ALS-2200, our nucleotide analogue. With these advancements, all made since the start of this year, we are demonstrating our consistent ability to discover, develop and commercialize multiple transformative medicines, which in turn represents a strong foundation for the sustainable long-term growth that we expect to create with our business. During the last few months I've been working closely with the cystic fibrosis and hepatitis C franchise teams at Vertex. I'll provide a perspective on how we are positioned in these markets and also strategically how we are planning on extending and enhancing our presence in the treatment of these diseases. I'll also highlight for you what I think are the tangible markers for our progress as a business that we will ask you to focus on in the months and years ahead. After that, Ian will review our financial performance, our 2012 guidance and discuss how we're prioritizing investment in our business. Then Peter is going to provide you with a more detailed update on data and recent developments in our pipeline. Beginning with cystic fibrosis, Vertex is seeking to fundamentally change the outlook for people with this disease, and we have made excellent progress toward the goal this year. Kalydeco, which was approved earlier in the year in the US for G551D CF patients age six years and older, has been rapidly adopted in the US as a groundbreaking new medicine that addresses the underlying cause of the disease in these patients. The launch of Kalydeco has exceeded our expectations. We are currently treating a significant number of G551D patients, and we expect additional G551D patients to begin treatment in 2012, including patients who are rolling off the PERSIST Phase III extension study. Our field teams have done an excellent job with the launch, working to educate physicians and caregivers about Kalydeco and helping eligible patients and their families get the medicine. Last week we received approval in the EU for Kalydeco for G551D patients, and our team there is working to make Kalydeco available as soon as possible in multiple countries. We also believe that we can significantly expand the CF population that is addressable with Kalydeco alone. And towards that end, we have initiated additional monotherapy studies that Peter will discuss in his remarks. If our strategy is successful, these studies could increase the addressable population from the current 4% to 8% to 10% of the CF population, and potentially more as we consider the applicability of Kalydeco to certain other people with CF. During this quarter we also produced clinical data that provided convincing insights into how we may be able to treat a much greater number of people with CF, the homozygous delta 508 population. Specifically, we reported Phase II combination data for VX-809 and Kalydeco, which support moving into pivotal development, targeting delta508 homozygous patients early next year. If successful with these development efforts, we could potentially address 60% or more of the cystic fibrosis population with our different medicines. CF is a serious genetic disease, and I'm very proud that our team is at the forefront in developing potentially life-changing medicines for patients and their families. We're committed to being a leader in cystic fibrosis and continuing to work closely with the CF Foundation, patient groups, physicians and patients and their families around the world to develop additional breakthrough medicines and to provide hope. Let me now turn to hepatitis C. We are leaders today in the treatment of this disease, and with the portfolio of novel medicines we have in development, we think we are well-positioned to continue to deliver new regimens to the treatment of hepatitis C. I'll make comments on Incivek's recent performance and near-term outlook. We've learned about this evolving market in recent months and I want to share our thinking in terms of how we're approaching our commercial efforts. I'll also talk about our ongoing plans to develop all oral treatment regimens for the future, which I think is very promising based on today's announcement about our new program. Let me start with Incivek and two things that have not changed in the first half of this year, Incivek market share and persistence rates. First, market positions. Incivek has been and remains the leading direct-acting antiviral or DAA. Seventy to 75% of Genotype 1 patients who initiate therapy with a DAA in the Unites States continue to initiate treatment with Incivek. This position, which we have maintained since the launch of the drug, and which we expect to maintain, speaks to strong execution by our commercial team as well as to the benefit that this treatment provides to those with hepatitis C. Second, persistence rates, that is the number of patients completing 12 weeks of treatment with Incivek. Persistence rates for Incivek remained strong, and this has been consistent since launch, which once again speaks to the benefit of Incivek and the execution of our commercial team. What has changed in this market is the number of hepatitis C patients initiating treatment, which I'll refer to as the treatment rate. This treatment rate is changing faster than we expected compared to earlier this year, and this is the reason for our revised guidance that Ian will talk about during his remarks. I'd like to describe the pattern that we've observed to provide some perspective for you on the 13 months since Incivek was approved. Soon after launch in the fall of 2011, the annualized treatment rate for all Genotype 1 patients had increased to approximately 90,000 to 105,000 patients per year, due in large part to the influx of warehouse patients seeking treatment with the newly approved DAAs. During the first four months of 2012, this treatment rate stabilized at approximately 70,000 to 75,000 Genotype 1 patients per year. The guidance range that we set in February and reiterated in April was based upon this relatively stable treatment rate, adjusted downward for anticipated seasonality and potential for fewer patients to start treatment as the year progressed as well as on our stable share of this market and our persistence rates. However, in May and June, the number of people with hepatitis C initiating any type of therapy substantially decreased by 20% to 25% when compared to the first four months of this year. We attribute this decrease in the overall hepatitis market to two main factors. First, physicians deferring treatment of patients, especially those with less advanced liver disease, following the presentation of multiple sets of mid-stage results for oral combination therapies at this year's EASL conference in April. And second, an increase in the number of ongoing and planned clinical trials in hepatitis C, which has drawn in increasing numbers of patients. The timing and impact of these factors has been difficult to predict and forecast, especially the deferral of treatment in some patients. Based on this change in treatment pattern, we are adapting our marketing efforts for Incivek and we have also revised our 2012 Incivek revenue guidance. As I mentioned, we believe that expectations of future all-oral regimens are an important factor in the decreased treatment rates we are seeing over the last few months. Therefore, I would also like to provide some perspective on Vertex's potential to participate in the evolution of these all-oral therapies. Based on the Alios data we reported today, we are moving quickly to develop all-oral regimens for hepatitis C that we believe could make a major difference for patients and be highly competitive as hepatitis C treatment continues to evolve. We're very encouraged by the clinical potency of ALS-2200. The compound has shown excellent tolerability to date. Therefore, we believe ALS-2200 could be a central component for future all-oral combination regimens. Our guiding principle in the development of all-oral regimens is that we want to do what's best for patients. Our new Alios data, coupled with the evolving regulatory pathways, opens the field for us to pursue multiple options. Our key imperatives with our all-oral development program are, first, evaluate combination regimens with our own DAAs and consider combination regimens with other companies' DAAs. And second, gather as much Phase II data as quickly as possible and in parallel to enable us to pick the best regimen or regimens to take forward into a pivotal program next year. Most specifically, our approach will be to initiate smaller Phase II studies of ALS-2200 plus multiple other therapies this year to design -- to guide the design of a pivotal trial. Given the many unknowns concerning different all-oral combinations, we believe it will be important to design our pivotal program based upon efficacy and safety data from these Phase II studies. With these Phase II data in hand in the first half of next year, we will then target the initiation of a pivotal program starting in late 2013, which we believe represents the best and shortest duration regimen or regimens for people with hepatitis C. Peter will talk more about our data and our plans in a moment. In summary, during the last year, we have seen a significant evolution in our business at Vertex. Our teams have produced a series of major clinical and commercial achievements that have markedly enhanced the foundation of the business going forward. These achievements which speak to Vertex's ability to consistently discover, develop and commercialize multiple breakthrough medicines are the foundation upon which we will build a sustainable, growing global business over the years to come. I look forward to updating you as we go. I'll now turn it over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thank you, Jeff. Good evening to everyone. Financially, 2012 is demonstrating that we have a diverse revenue base with multiple sources. These revenues remain significant and are important to enable reinvestments in our pipeline for future growth and value-creation in multiple diseases. Now to the results. In second quarter 2012, total revenues were approximately $418 million compared to approximately $114 million in the same quarter of last year. The key components of these second quarter revenues are as follows. First, we reported approximately $328 million of Incivek net product revenues. This reflects a strong April, and then a decrease in the number of new patients initiating treatment, most notably in May and June, as Jeff has already described. Second, we recorded $46 million of net product revenues from Kalydeco, which reflects the first full quarter of sales since launch in February earlier this year. This reflects strong patient demand, the connectivity of the CF community, and the broad awareness of the importance of Kalydeco. We expect this revenue stream to grow as more people start and maintain treatment with Kalydeco. We have now received approval in Europe to add to this revenue base and provide further growth. We foresee a sustainable, long-term and growing revenue base from Kalydeco. Third, we received $33 million of royalty revenues, including $28 million of Incivo royalty revenue from J&J. We expect our Incivo royalties will continue to contribute positively to our financial results during 2012 given that Incivo is now available in more than 25 countries. And finally, we received collaborative revenues of $12 million. These revenues primarily fund R&D activities where we have relationships in the areas of hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis. The GAAP net loss attributable to Vertex was $65 million in the second quarter of 2012 or approximately $0.31 per share. The non-GAAP net income was approximately $100 million or $0.46 per diluted share. The non-GAAP income includes three charges, $31 million excludes three charges -- my apologies, $31 million in stock compensation, $56 million related to increase in the fair value of the expected future payments under our Alios collaboration following the positive viral kinetic data announced today, and a $78 million charge in the cost of product revenues to reserve against the potential excess Incivek inventory. And now to 2012 financial guidance. Based on the recent decline in the number of hepatitis C patients initiating treatment, we have revised our 2012 forecast for a total annual Incivek revenues to $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion. This range reflects recent decline in patients initiating treatment, which Jeff noted. Now, to our operating expenses. Based upon the achievements of multiple successful proof-of-concept studies in cystic fibrosis, HCV and RA, respectively being VX-809 and Kalydeco combination results reported in the second quarter, the viral kinetic results in ALS-2200 announced today, and the results of the X-509 in rheumatoid arthritis last year, we have increased and accelerated our investment into these high-priority programs. These monies were significant. Despite this increased investment, we have maintained our operating expense guidance for 2012 of $1.03 billion to $1.13 billion, which we provided on our February 2 call. We accomplished this by prioritizing and reducing expenses, specifically with significant reductions in G&A spend and aligning our commercial spend to follow future demand in the markets were in. These expense reductions have enabled us to reallocate resources towards and within R&D to support the acceleration of these programs yet maintain our operating expense guidance. In summary, we continue to derive a significant revenue and cash flow from Incivek sale and Incivo royalties. Kalydeco continues to exceed our expectations, and with the clinical results in hepatitis C and CF, we hope to expand our presence and the number of people we can treat over the long term. Now with viral kinetic data announced today for ALS-2200, our nucleotide analog for hepatitis C, we have the potential to participate in the high-value HCV market with all-oral combinations. We accomplished all of this while generating earnings and cash flow to end the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of cash and equivalents. I will now turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Mueller: Thank you, Ian, and good evening, everybody. My remarks will cover some of the pipeline advances that we have made in recent months, most notably in the areas of CF and hepatitis C. In cystic fibrosis, during the second quarter we announced results from a Phase II study of the corrector VX-809 in combination with Kalydeco. We are very pleased with the results we obtained, and they support the start of a pivotal program early next year. To briefly summarize the key data again, the top dose of VX-809, 600 mg once daily, showed a mean absolute improvement in FEV1 of 3.4% over the 56-day course of the study compared to baseline, and a 6.7% improvement in FEV1 over the placebo arm for the same time period. Both of these were statistically significant with P values of 0.03 and 0.002 respectively. To us, the most important data comes from the period between Day 28 and Day 56 which was when the patients were actually receiving VX-809 and Kalydeco in combination. A distinct pattern emerged between Day 28 and Day 56. All the dose arms involving VX-809 and Kalydeco in combination improved over this time period while the placebo arm declined. The 600 mg dose showed the best response of its in-subject mean absolute improvement in FEV1 of 6.1% over this time period with a P value of less than 0.001 and a mean absolute improvement in FEV1 compared to placebo of 8.6%, also with a P value of less than 0.001. More than half of the patients in the 600-mg once daily arm experienced the greater than 5% absolute improvement in FEV1 during this period. VX-809 was better tolerated as a single agent and in combination with Kalydeco. Adverse events and severe adverse events were similar between VX-809 and placebo groups. We have analyzed the data many different ways, by dose, versus placebo, versus baseline, and on an individual patient basis. All of these analyses performed in combination with Kalydeco was well-tolerated and associated with significant clinical activity. We expect that the investigators will present additional Phase II combination data at a medical conference this fall. We continue to make progress in designing a pivotal program in the delta 508 homozygous patients 12 years and older, and are on track to initiate a global pivotal program in the early part of 2013 pending discussions with regulatory authorities. Our goal is to confirm the results of cohort two of the Phase II study by evaluating 600 mg once daily of VX-809 and potentially other doses in combination with Kalydeco twice a day. We have also initiated two important new Phase III studies of Kalydeco monotherapy. The first is a 40-patient study in patients with at least one copy of the R117H mutation and the second is a 20-patient crossover study in patients with a non-G551D gating mutation. These are both six months studies, with primary endpoints of FEV1 and safety. We anticipate having results of both studies next year, with the goal of generating data that will support an expansion of Kalydeco's label to address these populations. Just last week, we received approval of Kalydeco in the EU for G551D patients aged six and older. I'm proud of the efforts of our team to achieve this first European approval for a Vertex medicine. I would also like to comment on our second CFTR corrector, VX-661. A Phase II study is ongoing exploring the corrector VX-661 in combination with Kalydeco in CF patients who are homozygous with delta 508. This study is designed as a dose escalation, placebo-controlled study. Part A of the study, which we initiated earlier this year, is evaluating different doses of VX-661 alone or in combination with Kalydeco for 28 days in approximately 100 patients in total. The design is different than the Phase II VX-809 study, reflecting the earlier state of development for VX-661. This is our first trial of VX-661 in patients. We expect to conclude all dosing and follow-up in Part A of VX-661 study before we discuss results publicly and we anticipate that this will take place in 2013. Now, turning to hepatitis C. Today we announced seven-day viral kinetic results for ALS-2200, a nucleotide analog that was licensed from Alios last year. These are very encouraging results that allow us to move rapidly into Phase II all-oral studies later this year. We achieved a median reduction of 4.54 log in HCV RNA from baseline in the seven-day trial with a 200 mg once-a-day dose. The activity was consistent among patients, with a range of 3.81 to 5.08 logs after seven days of treatment. The initial drop in viral load in this dose group was steep, 3.85 logs after three days and ALS-2200 was also well-tolerated. There were no FAEs or dropouts. From here, we are advancing rapidly to all-oral, interferon-free combination studies. We expect to begin two clinical studies with compounds within our own portfolio in the second half of this year. First, a Phase II 12-week study of ALS-2200 in combination with Incivek in Genotype 1 patients. Second, also a Phase II study 12 weeks of ALS-2200 in combination with ribavirin in Genotype 1 patients. These studies will evaluate safety and efficacy as measured by SVR 4 and SVR 12 and should enable us to move into advanced studies. As Jeff mentioned, we will consider regimens with our own compounds as well as the merits of combining ALS-2200 with other leading direct antivirals currently in development. We will work towards the best target regimens for the different patient populations in hepatitis C. In summary, our efforts in cystic fibrosis reflect the conviction that we can leverage our R&D experience, scientific knowledge and capabilities to make a big difference in the lives of many patients with cystic fibrosis, and our ongoing efforts in hepatitis C demonstrate our commitment to continued innovation in this area. I would like to thank our development teams who have executed extremely well to advance and broaden our pipeline in the last 12 months. Before I finish, I will just highlight one more high-priority program, our JAK3 inhibitor VX-509. We established proof-of-concept to rheumatoid arthritis last year and advanced this program now into Phase IIb to study VX-509 on a background of methotrexate. We are enrolling now and we expect to initiate studies in other immune-mediated inflammatory diseases beginning in 2013. Beyond hepatitis C, CF and RA, we have important programs in development targeting flu, epilepsy and other diseases. I look forward to reporting on our progress in those areas in upcoming quarters. I will now turn it back over to Michael.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Peter. That now concludes our prepared remarks. Tyrone, wed like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We have a question from Geoff Porges of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoff Porges: Thank you very much, and congratulations on another important discovery or at least development program. Well done. Just a few questions on the Alios nukes. The first is just, and theyre all sort of technical questions. Its the first we learn much about them. Peter, can you tell us whether there's any CYP3A or CYP4A metabolism there or likely interactions? Secondly, if you would soft of cast a wide net, what would be your preference for a combination with the nukes given the profile that you've seen so far? You conspicuously didn't mention 222, and I wonder if we should read anything into that. And lastly, is there any dose response worth pursuing to a higher dose than the 200? Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Bob Kauffman: Jeff, this is Bob. I'll try to take those questions, not exactly in the order that you gave them. But let's just say for 222 it was not knowingly omitted, for sure. We're certainly looking at ways of folding that into our development. We've mentioned the two potential Phase II studies that we're planning. There may well be other Phase II studies in more difficult to treat populations where somewhat larger number of compounds combined together might be useful, and that's likely where you'll see 222 come in. We also could combine it with one of the nukes, and there would be no reason not to do that. It's just that we've chosen Incivek as the initial one that we're going to pursue. In terms of dose response, yes, we're going to be exploring that more with some PK/PD analysis to try to figure out if it makes any sense to go higher, and we certainly could do that if we choose to. In terms of CYP metabolism, at this point we don't know that much about these compounds. They've just obviously been in very short-term studies. But in general, nukes have not really had major drug interactions with other compounds, and we would expect these to be similar. Obviously we'll see what we get in future studies.
George Porges: Thanks very much. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Yeah, thanks very much. And I also had a couple of Alios questions. I guess I wanted to better understand why you're interested in doing separate studies, one with telaprevir and one with ribavirin, but not looking to do triple? And just make sure that the ribavirin study is going to be in Genotype 1 and understand that rationale. And then is this nuke, the adenosine, can you just tell us what the base is? And should we presume that because you've made the decision to go forward, that if you're -- I guess are there any inferences to make on the other Alios nukes? So if the data looks just as strong, are you planning on, you know, how would that influence your clinical decisions going forward? Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: So, Rachel, this is Bob. Maybe I'll take the last one first, and just say that clearly we have the data for ALS-2200 in our hand right now and our plan is to move as quickly as we can with that compound. If all goes well with the 2158 and we have another compound, obviously we'll fold that into development when it comes along, and that could be in the setting of either nuke combinations or combinations of each one with other compounds. I wouldn't otherwise read anything into it except just the two studies are just not running completely in parallel with each other. In terms of the structure, we haven't revealed that, so I won't say much more about that. In terms of the ribavirin study, yes, we do plan to do all of our work in Genotype 1. We see that as where the biggest unmet medical need is at this point, and so we would pursue that. One of the reasons to do the ribarivin plus 2200 study is obviously part of the goal of Phase II is to gather some additional well-needed safety data on the compounds and longer duration, and we just want to clean the system we can to be able to tease out the safety profile of 2200 from the other compound. And just the recent separate studies is really just convenience rather than folding everything into one humongous thing. It just is easier to manage separate studies.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And I guess I dont -- yeah, I'm still unclear why you wouldn't just run triples. If you have an arm without PI-1 with PI, then why wouldn't you run all three together?
Bob Kauffman:
Jeff Leiden: Rachel, this is Jeff. Obviously we've just received this data and we're thinking through it. It gives us a lot of optionality, as you pointed out, with respect to our own compounds, and as we've said, we'll consider combining 2200 with other folks' compounds as well. And so I just want to be clear that part of what you're hearing is an evolution of our thinking as we understand what the true optionality here is. And I think the important thing to take away from this is that our plan is to do multiple Phase II studies quickly in order to pick the best combination that we can take forward into Phase III based on actual efficacy and safety data.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Schoenebaum of ISI Group. Your line is open.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. A quick one, do you guys have the data in-house for 2158? I dont know if you -- you may have mentioned and I may have just missed it. And then on, maybe on CF, on the 661 trial, can you just be really clear, is there an interim or is there not an interim in that trial? And what changed that caused you guys to move the timelines out from this year to next year? And also on that, can you remind us of the design? And give us -- and then also on the combo, can you give us an update on when you're actually going to meet with the FDA to talk about a Phase III design? Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: I'll take the 2158 question, and that is the study is ongoing, it's still blinded, so there's nothing really much that I can say about it.
Peter Mueller: So with respect to 661, Mark, it's a complicated study, it's adaptive trial design. So we will have some data as we go along, and we want to see the entirety of the data before we basically make any statement to the outer world obviously, and that takes a while. So it's not a linear type of design. It's an adaptive trial design to make sure that we look at the compound from different angles and get sort of a good feeling about dosing and combinability with 809. So we hope that if everything goes well, that we can provide you data in 2013. That's for this piece. In terms of -- what was the other question that you had?
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: Oh, just the Phase III on the combo, when you may meet with the FDA?
Peter Mueller: Yeah. So, basically towards the fourth quarter this year we will have a meeting and then talk about how we go forward that is needed to initiate the trial at the beginning of 2013.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: And can I just slip one, for Ian? Ian, if revenues decline next -- I know you're not giving 2013 guidance, but just a general philosophical question, if revenues continue to decline into 2013, what -- how should we be thinking about our 2013 expense modeling?
Jeff Leiden: Actually, to the expense question, Mark, I think you can expect us to look at it the same way that we have this year. What we're trying to communicate on this call is a very active program, specifically in our G&A area this year as well as being nimble as we see markets change and adapt to our marketing programs as well. That's allowed us to maintain the guidance that we have this year despite the increased investments in the priority two programs. As we go into 2013, we have to have a good understanding. We'll get more data and more understanding of the market. But in terms of philosophical question, we're trying to minimize the G&A, the SG&A in our business to the extent we can to prioritize our investment into R&D into these high-value programs.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: Thank you.
Jeff Leiden: Mark, this is Jeff. Maybe just to add even a bit higher level view, because Ian reviewed the pure financial considerations, I think our vision and our strategy has been quite consistent, which is that we're trying to build a global, multi-product business that can produce long-term growth. Obviously we've made some important and impressive progress this year on our late-stage pipeline. As we go into 2013, I think we want to continue to invest in that pipeline to maximize value, and we'll do so. But we've also said that we're going to be financially very disciplined, both in terms of prioritizing programs and in terms of controlling our expenses. And that's our plan, and we'll give you more insight on that as all the pieces of the puzzle from both the revenue and expense side come together later this year.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Yaron Werber of Citi. Your line is open.
Jeff Leiden: Yaron, are you there? Are you on mute?
Operator: He has two lines in. Let's try the next line.
Jeff Leiden: Yaron, are you there?
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Yes. I'm here. Can you hear me okay?
Jeff Leiden: Yes. We can.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Okay, great. So, a few questions, if you don't mind, on the Alios nukes. One, any sense you can give us what was the breakdown between 1A and 1B in that study? Second question, did you see any breakthrough at all on therapy? And then three, what's the metabolism of the nuke? Are they metabolized by the liver at all? Just give us a little bit of sense what you're seeing in animals.
Bob Kauffman: Yeah. So this is Bob. As you saw in our release, the patient population was primarily Genotype 1B. That's likely just geographically based. The study was conducted primarily in Eastern and Western Europe. In terms of breakthroughs, there were none on therapy. Yeah. There were no breakthroughs on therapy. And metabolism we haven't really talked about very much, so there's not much to say about those. These are nucleotide pro-drugs, and so they are metabolized as they get into the liver through first-pass metabolism into the active compounds. Just in terms of the 1A/1B breakdown, I'll just say that in general for the nukes there really hasn't been any real difference in activity between Genotype 1A and 1B clinically. In vitro for these compounds there's no real difference between them. And when you look at the data and the trial, even though there were just a couple of people with Genotype 1A, the viral declines were really indistinguishable from the Genotype 1B patients. So we don't really anticipate there being any big difference there.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: And maybe just a last question, how do you -- give us a little bit of a sense, I mean, you have a lot of work to do. I mean this data is fantastic, but you have data on eight patients at seven days. At this point you need to do the drug-drug interactions, you need to have several hundred patients on drug before you can move into pivotal. We're just trying to understand how is it possible that you can start a pivotal study within 16 months or so?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah. So the way we do it is to move as quickly as we can into a broad Phase II program that will give us the safety database that we need. And we don't disagree with your numbers that it'll be hundreds of patients required, and we anticipate gaining those in various combinations in a series of Phase II studies, perhaps in different patient populations, to basically try to define the right regimens for the right patients. And that is how we will go forward, and we anticipate to be on move quickly. There's a great demand for patients to enter trials with nukes because of their potential advantages. We don't expect any difficulties with recruitment. And so we'll move along quickly.
Peter Mueller: Yeah. And Yaron, as we go forward. Now when you really look into how those drugs normally proceed, we have really an option here by end of next year to basically enter into a pivotal program. And the nice thing, as Jeff alluded to, is we will have numerous evaluations of different combinations in different patient populations that gives us a good sense what is the best regimen for a particular population if you want to move forward. And I think our decision will be data driven and safety data driven, and so we go forward by end of next year with a solid pivotal program, and I think that gives us an option to be a player in the field.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. For Kalydeco and the R117H pivotal, it looks to be a six-month study. I'm curious if there's an interim, say, three months, and then if you guys are thinking initially that your delta F homozygous combo study will also be six months, or have you any preliminary discussions with the FDA that it still will have to be a 12-month pivotal? And I have one follow-up.
Peter Mueller: Okay. So, Geoff, hi. This is Peter, so I'll take that. With respect to the monotherapy Kalydeco labeled extension studies, 117 and the gating, the non-551D gating, both of them will be six-month studies without any interims. So we are not doing interims here, it's a small patient population, you don't want to disturb the integrity of the trial by doing interims, so we are not doing this. So the data will be available in the course of next year. And then we will basically file an SNDA to get a label extension. So that's for this part. In terms of the combo 809 for 12 years and older, we are currently planning a study that has, from a global point of view, the ability to produce one-year safety and one-year efficacy data. And we might, depending on and pending on discussions with the regulatory agencies, we have an option in GS maybe to start an earlier rolling submission as we did with Kalydeco, and that could be on the base of half-a-year data point. But I think that needs to be discussed with the regulatory agencies.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Got you. And just the follow-up is on the hep C franchise. So I'm curious if you guys have some sort of ROI target for hep C. I'm just trying to get a sense maybe at a higher level, I mean what magnitude investment you're willing to make given the current dynamics of the market and the landscape. Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, it's a good question. Obviously this is a very dynamic, very competitive market. And rather than going to ROI details, I would say what we've said before, which is that we need to be convinced that we have winning regimens that will allow us to address large parts or large portions of this market going forward. I think as you probably remember, we said that our new data needs to be competitive with anything out there in order to move forward. We feel it is, which is why we're going to move forward. And we'll make the same kinds of decisions as we go and collect our Phase II data prior to moving into Phase III to make sure again that we're not chasing the market with a second-rate or non-competitive regimen. But we think that the new data we provided today is a good start.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Roden of UBS. Your line is open.
Matt Roden  UBS: Great. Thanks very much and congrats on the Alios data here. So on the hep C program, a couple of quick questions here. Can you talk about the baseline characteristics a little bit, maybe the IL-28 genotype, BMI, things like that, just so that we can maybe help assess the degree of difficulty if you will in this study? Secondly, if you can speak to any treatment emergent adverse events in the study. And then for planning purposes, as you move into a pivotal study, is it your assumption that if there is a new standard of care established by that time in the overall space, whether or not you would actually have to run up against an active control or whether or not you'd sort of take advantage of the progressiveness that the FDA is taking forward in the current hep C studies.
Bob Kauffman: So, Matt, this is Bob. I'll take those. In terms of baseline characteristics, there's nothing particularly notable about them. The IL-28B genotype distribution was as you would expect, but we have not yet analyzed the study by IL-28B individual subject, so I can't really say too much about that, nor by any other baseline factors. So that will be coming as we look at the data. Obviously it's very fresh so we don't have a whole lot of additional analyses. In terms of adverse events, they were sort of typical for a Phase I study, is all I can say, and obviously we'll provide more information when these data are presented at a medical conference. In terms of the regulatory strategy, I think it's just a little bit early to say at this point. The FDA, as they have done publicly in a number of settings, has indicated a great deal of flexibility in the development of all-orals. We hope to take advantage of that. It may help us to speed up our program, but it's really premature to think about comparators and sort of all that part of it. Obviously we'll gain more information as we go along.
Peter Mueller:
Matt Roden  UBS: Okay, great. And then related -- I guess as a follow-up on the last question, and that is, is it safe to assume or should we infer that since you're continuing to invest in hepatitis C with an early stage asset here, that it's your view that the commercial market will be more sustainable under sort of all-oral standards of care as opposed to the sort of rapid rise and rapid decline of the treatment rate both ten years ago and again in your experience with peg, ribavirin and telaprevir.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff. Our view is that this is a large market that will likely evolve into multiple segments, some of which will be large, and that one or all would come, there's a very nice commercial opportunity, there's also a great opportunity to treat more patients which is very, very important. And so as we look at it, as I said, once we see our Phase II data, I think we'll be in a good position to conclude whether we have, let's call it winning or first-rate regimens that can address some of these large patient populations. And if we do, that's a worthwhile investment for us and it's a worthwhile investment for patients.
Matt Roden  UBS: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. When we think about the combination with Incivek and the Alios nuke, could you maybe talk about the type of regimen or dosing that you're thinking about for Incivek? Are you going to be considering daily dosing and lower doses than currently available? How should we think about that?
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. We'll likely be dosing Incivek twice-a-day dosing in the combination studies. In general, principles of the antiviral therapy are that you don't generally lower the doses of each of the agents. You obviously need them to cover the variants for the other. So I would not anticipate any different dosing of Incivek than we're currently using.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: And along with the lines, timing wise, I guess 12 weeks is -- I'm just trying to think about if there's a way to make the safety or tolerability a little bit more tolerable in the combination?
Bob Kauffman: Yeah. So just a quick word on that, obviously we had a little bit of a window into the safety profile of Incivek without peg-interferon and [disease] study dual arms. And it was actually quite a bit more favorable, as you'd expect, than what we saw with the triple therapy and it gives us some amount of confidence that we'll be able to design tolerable regimens. And clearly we'll confirm that when we combine them with the nukes. But that is one of the goals, of course, of Phase II is to get that information. And we are looking at 12 weeks as our primary development path.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, thanks. And then just a question on the CF program, are you considering higher doses of 809 currently? Are you exploring any? And then I just wanted to understand the launch plan in Europe. In what sequence will you be rolling out in countries, sort of timing, and how should we think about price? Thanks.
Peter Mueller: So I take, Liisa, the first thing with the dosing. So as we said, I think there are two aspects of the pivotal trials. Number one is you have to confirm what they have seen in cohort two in Phase II, just the 600 mg once-a-day and Kalydeco 250 mg twice a day. And we actually plan, because we see from the response that we might not have maxed out yet. We will try several other dose regimens that are higher on the VX-809. And one of them, as we always said, could be a BID 400 mg. So that gives you a higher exposure and hopefully then a better translation into the correction. But that's what we are trying to do.
Jeff Leiden: And Liisa, this is Jeff. I'll take your question on the commercial launch in Europe. First, as I think we mentioned before, we've been planning for this launch, so the entire commercial organization is in place in Europe. We're focusing on the four major countries with most of the G551D patients, which is Germany, France, UK and Ireland, initially, although we may roll it out in additional countries over time as we identify these patients, or they identify to us. As I'm sure you know, the way reimbursement works in Europe is a little different. It's negotiated country by country. And we are just beginning those discussions now with each of the countries. It's therefore early to talk about price, and we'll keep you informed as we go. But as I've said before, we view the value -- the pricing of our medicines with respect to their value to the patient, and we think that, based on our data, this is a very valuable medicine for G551D patients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just was wondering if you can give us any update on how many of the patients have rolled over from PERSIST onto commercial Kalydeco, and if all of them have rolled over? And then any details on the gross to net this quarter for Kalydeco? And then I have one follow-up.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff, so I'll take those two first. With respect to the rollover, we're not providing a detailed information on the patient numbers. They started rolling over in May and they will continue to roll over, most of them actually, in the third and the fourth quarter. So far the rollovers are going well, Terence, in the sense of it's been a fairly easy process to move patients over. Your other question was on the gross to net for Kalydeco. And again, we haven't disclosed the number. The gross to net for Kalydeco is really based mostly on payer mix, and the payer mix is about 70% commercial, 20% government, 10% other. That may change a little bit over time as we get more government-funded patients on the drug, but we don't anticipate it'll be a major change.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, have you guys looked at any of the PK/PD data yet from the Kalydeco-809 Phase II trial? And where are you on that front, I guess?
Peter Mueller: Obviously, we're looking at those data constantly. We will basically present some of them most likely in a conference later this year.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Any details you can share with us?
Peter Mueller: No. Not at this given point in time. I think what I indicated is that we go for higher-dose regimens, which gives you an indication that we have a confidence that we'll reach exposure levels that are covered by our safety ranges. And that's I think the most we can say at this given point in time.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom Russo of Baird. You're line is open.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon and congrats on the great results for the nuke. First question, and then a follow-up, I just wanted to get a little more granular thoughts on cross-company collaborations, maybe the appetite that you have, mechanisms that you'd favor, how advanced any conversations you've already had are, and whether one or more of the Phase II trials that you're talking about could be adapted to accommodate outside compounds?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff. We're not going to comment on any sort of specific discussions or strategies there. I would really just go back to what I said originally, which is our goal is to find the best regimen or regimens per patient. We think there's still a fair amount unknown about what those regimens are, and our goal is to learn more about that. And I think the classes of molecules one would combine with the nuke are pretty obvious at this point. So they don't bear really reiterating. But it is our plan to go forward with our own drugs in combination with the nukes. And as I said, we would consider combining them with drugs of other companies as well.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, the other question, I don't think we've really seen or heard much on the preclinical for the nukes yet. Is there anything that you can say on the dose-limiting talks or how close -- how much coverage you have in terms of the therapeutic window versus the 200 mg that we're seeing today?
Peter Mueller: It's Peter speaking, Tom. I think there will be data in the upcoming conference that basically describes the preclinical profile. We have spoken a little bit about that in the earlier days and I want to repeat that. So we did a careful evaluation quickly before we made a decision to pursue Alios nukes. And on that base safety was an important component. And as I said then, I say now, it was, from a preclinical point of view, one of the safest, if not the safest, nukes that we have sort of seen in the landscape out there. And I think it was part of the decision to go forward.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ying Huang of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital: Thanks. Congratulations also on your nuke data. My first question is for Bob. Can you confirm that in the Phase 1 trial, for the placebo-treated patients, they're also predominantly Genotype 1b? And then I have a question for Ian. The excess I guess inventory, $78 million, is that all accumulated from 2Q of this year? Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: So, just a quick answer, yes, the placebo subjects were predominantly 1B.
Jeff Leiden: And Ying, to your question on inventory, it's actually the inventory we built over quite a long period based on our expectations of the market and consistent with how we've communicated on this call. We have seen a change in that market and decline in treatment rates which has resulted with us reserving against potential for excess inventory.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital: Thanks. And then if I can squeeze one more for Peter. You guys have sufficient toxicology data to support 12 weeks study in human now?
Peter Mueller: Yes, we do. Twelve weeks is all basically ready to go, and as we go forward we will provide actually six months tox data to have longer treatment regimens possibilities if we decided so.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Ying.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, and my congrats as well on the Alios nuke data. Question on the Kalydeco-809 combo, recognizing that the design is still evolving, I was wondering if you could talk about how you might be thinking about inclusion criteria for a Phase III versus a Phase II. I guess I'm just wondering if there's anything you're seeing as you continue to look at the Phase II data that might be suggestive of ways you might further reach the population. And then just on Kalydeco pricing, can you confirm that the ultra-orphan status whether or not with the ultra-orphan status Kalydeco you still need to go through the value assessment processes in Germany and the UK? Thanks.
Peter Mueller: So, Brian, in terms of inclusion and learning something from a Phase II towards Phase III, I think there is a broad population that we will include it. Obviously as we said, first, homozygous and we will not have any particular, let's say, exclusions, and just it's probably for all homozygous delta 508 patients in a certain age group. That's sort of basically what drives the selection of the patients. We have to go with 12 years and older to go on a fast track because that's what we have tested in Phase II. That's the only sort of marker in a way that we have, and then that's the usual selection of people that have sometimes contraindications in terms of their co-medication which they can go, that's normal. But I think broad population for almost everybody in the age group for 12 years and older. That's sort of what I can say to this process.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, Brian, in terms of Kalydeco reimbursement in Europe, again, as you know, whether it's orphan or not, it does need to go through the German value process. And you may have seen that recently the UK has been changing its rules around the value process. And we're just talking with the UK about whether we will come under the new rules or the old rules since they're literally changing over the last couple of weeks. So I just can't give you a final answer on that yet.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Friedman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my question. It's actually just around the R&D. Is there any way that you guys could discuss or in just general buckets what the R&D breakdown is in terms of hep C, CF, basic research and other?
Jeff Leiden:
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Katherine Xu of William Blair. Your line is open.
Katherine Xu  William Blair: Great. Good afternoon. I'm just wondering, so if you look at the hep C competitive space, you have Gilead already having a co-formulated double combo going into Phase III in the end of this year. So if you are going to Phase III a year later, are you targeting a profile of a pan-genotypic combo or do you think you can still go with Genotype 1 only combo that your analysis can still be successful?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, obviously we don't comment on what Gilead is doing, so I can just tell you what our strategy is. And as I said, we plan to test multiple all-oral regimens in Phase II between now and the first half of next year in multiple small studies, and based on both safety and efficacy results, we think that's going to allow us to design a single or multiple pivotal trials which will go in parallel with a high probability of success. Aand we can do that by that end of next year.
Katherine Xu  William Blair: But do you think that'll be a pan-genotypic combo or is that a target profile you're going with, or you're just Genotype 1 only is okay as well?
Bob Kauffman: Katherine, this is Bob. I mean, our initial strategy really is Genotype 1 specific that we still believe is the major unmet need. I think if you look around the world at all the markets and all the various genotype distributions, it still comes out that Genotype is probably still the most valuable proposition.
Katherine Xu  William Blair: Got it. And then a follow-up if I may, for 25 -- is that 18, the other nuke, what is taking so long --
Peter Mueller:
Bob Kauffman: 2158.
Katherine Xu  William Blair: 2158, thank you. What is taking so long? I'm just curious. I thought both studies were started around the same time. And then what is taking longer for the other one?
Bob Kauffman: It's not so long. Basically the studies -- the 2158 study started about a month later than the 2200 study. Obviously running one program on time is hard, running two programs exactly in parallel is almost impossible. And recruitment has been just a little bit slower than we expected in the countries where it's being run. So we do expect the data sometime in the next couple of months.
Katherine Xu  William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Liang of Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann:
Jeff Leiden: So, hi, this is Ian. As I mentioned in my remarks, we've been -- well, Incivo has now been approved in over 25 countries, in most of the major European countries and certainly in the major countries. So they're at that early stage of launch, a lot of those approvals have been this year. So we'll look to see how they perform in those markets.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Great. And I think you said that you're interested in combining 2200 with other nukes. Would that be with 2158 or other experimental nukes?
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. Our goal would be potentially to combine 2158 and 2200 together. We haven't really thought of that other nukes at this point. And obviously, we won't know the feasibility of that till we have the 2158 data.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Yee of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. On 661, I dont think the answer was fully clear. Can you just better describe the adaptive design? You got a lot questions on that and I'm trying to understand what actually triggers a read-out. Is that safety, is it an efficacy time point? Maybe explain a little bit better, because I thought as you -- it was [dose] question, so the longer it goes, the higher doses you're going at.
Michael Partridge: Michael, this is Michael. I'll just point out that there is a slide in the webcast that has a bit of a graphic that describes kind of how the doses escalate a little bit, and other features in the design. But I'll let Peter... Okay. So Peter says the slide describes it pretty well.
Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Then let me ask one last question then. On the 809 combo on Phase III, you said you could look at higher doses. What data do you have to support higher doses? They were never touched on in Phase II. So, just wondering how that's possible in Phase III.
Peter Mueller: We have obviously Phase I data that basically measured exposure levels. And that is linked to safety in humans but also in animals. And that gives us basically, by using PK/PD modeling, the opportunity to select different doses that are within that safety range.
Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks.
Peter Mueller: And Michael, we'll give you a call and walk you through the slide and describe for you how 661 works. And we find that most of the questions regarding the 661 study is once data are available, and the design will help you understand that the final data will be available in 2013.
Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets: That's why I asked. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Ed Tenthoff of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Ed Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray: Thank you very much for taking the question. In first quarter of Kalydeco launch, you said that estimated roughly 60% of patients were, of G551D patients in the US, were on drug. How has that changed in the second quarter? Has that increased, and can you provide what that level is?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff. As we said on our first quarter call, we are not going to provide numbers of patients going forward. Just to clarify what we said, we said 600 patients in the US at the end of the first quarter. And as I said today, the number has increased, and we anticipate it will continue to increase both as we identify new G551D patients and as G551D patients roll over from PERSIST.
Ed Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks. And then, for Ian, just real quickly, with the focus of more on R&D, does that change the breakdown in R&D in that $690 million to $760 million guidance that you've given?
Jeff Leiden: The relative weighting of those two remains similar.
Ed Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Phil Nadeau  Cowen and Co.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just to, Jeff, at the risk of asking something that you just said you're not going to answer, as you've launched in the US, have you found, or is there anything that has changed your mind on the number of G551D patients in the US? Do you still think that's about 1,100 patients? And a similar question about the four companies you, four countries you mentioned earlier, is 1,000 to 1,100 patients approximately the right number of G551D patients in those four countries?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, good question, Phil. So in the US, nothing has changed our estimate of 1,000 to 1,100. Our best estimate in Europe is also around 1,000 to 1,100, although I always put the caveat on this, Phil, that, as you know, the genotyping in Europe is not as advanced as it is here and so the precision of the 1,000 to 1,100 in Europe is a little bit less than what we know in the US.
Phil Nadeau  Cowen and Co.: And did you have any compassionate use program in Europe that has enrolled patients? Are there any patients on drug today?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, there are. We have a program in France that's enrolled some patients as part of an ATU program, and we anticipate those patients will roll over to commercial drug now that it's approved.
Phil Nadeau  Cowen and Co.: Okay. Would you care to tell us how many patients that is?
Jeff Leiden: No. We haven't disclosed how many patients that is. It's a small number.
Phil Nadeau  Cowen and Co.: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Skorney of Breen Murray. Your line is open.
Brian Skorney  Brean Murray: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the data from the Alios nuke. I guess just to kind of dig in a little bit more on the molecule with the understanding you're not ready to talk about the structure, but just in terms of maybe a little bit of a comparison to the resistance of this drug compared to the other nukes which I think are -- all have the two [meta] nucleoside backbone. I'm just wondering what -- is it a totally different structure than that? And in preclinical studies, have you been able to select for resistance? And what sort of mutations would confer resistance to this drug? Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. I really can't talk at all about the structures. I will just say that these compounds have a very high barrier to resistance and therefore, are excellent combinations for other drugs, much like the other nukes that have been described.
Brian Skorney  Brean Murray: Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: There will be a bit more detail coming out at a medical conference later on, on some of these issues.
Brian Skorney  Brean Murray: Okay. I'll wait for them.
Bob Kauffman: Okay.
Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets: Operator, this is Michael. We're now about 10 minutes past our planned stop time for the call, so in the interest of everybody's time we will take just two more questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ravi Mehrotra of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. Congrats on the data. This is actually [Kuhn] calling on behalf of Ravi. I just had a quick question regarding your -- one of the trials for the Alios nukes which is the -- with ribavirin. I just wanted to know if there was anything in the data that you'd seen that would suggest that your nuke with ribavirin might give you better results than what we've seen so far. Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. That's obviously why we're going to do the study, is to find out. Clearly, the properties that we've seen so far, very high level of antiviral activity would make it potentially a good companion with ribavirin. As I said, both efficacy wise and safety wise we think it's a good trial to do.
Unidentified Participant: Okay. Thanks.
Peter Mueller: The other things that's impressive what we said in the call is it had a very steep decline from a viral kinetic point of view, is 3.85 log drop in three days, which is a good indicator that you might have a good chance for a combination and good trial outcome at the end of the day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, final question, is from Alan Carr of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Alan Carr  Needham & Co.: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Any sense of off-label use, other genotypes, patients using Kalydeco? Thanks.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff. As you know, Alan, we only promote Kalydeco for labeled indication, which is G551D greater than six, and we don't track or keep track of any off-label use. So I really don't have any data on off-label use.
Alan Carr  Needham & Co.: Thanks.
Michael Partridge: So, thanks very much, everybody, for joining us tonight. I think everybody got to ask at least one question. If you didn't get your follow-up or you have additional questions, we're in the office, happy to talk further tonight. Thanks very much for tuning in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeffrey M. Leiden - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chairman of Management Development and Compensation Committee, Member of Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Nancy J. Wysenski - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President Peter R. Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of the Scientific Advisory Board
Analysts: Aleksandr Rabodzey Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Gloria Woo Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Unknown Analyst Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Andrew Peters - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew J. Andrews - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Koon Ching Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Irene Lau - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Mark Vignola
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Now I'll turn it over to your host, Michael Partridge, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. Good evening and welcome to Vertex's first quarter 2012 conference call. We're off to a great start for 2012. INCIVEK for the treatment of hepatitis C continues to lead the market in the U.S., and our collaborator, J&J, has now also achieved the leading share in major European countries with INCIVO. In the area of cystic fibrosis, we are making strong progress early in the launch of KALYDECO. The launches of INCIVEK in North America, INCIVO in Europe and KALYDECO in the U.S. are driving strong financial performance while we also continue to advance our broad pipeline of medicines for serious diseases. Vertex is now a multiproduct, profitable global business, generating significant revenues that enable investment for future medicines while delivering significant earnings and cash flow for our shareholders. With me on the call tonight are Dr. Jeff Leiden, who will provide a perspective on Vertex's recent progress; and Ian Smith, who will review our first quarter financial results. After the brief prepared remarks, Nancy Wysenski, Bob Kauffman and Peter Mueller will join us to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] We expect to conclude the call at 6:00 p.m. Once the call concludes, we will be in the office to answer any additional questions. I'll note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports, including our 10-K, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including those regarding the market launch of INCIVEK and KALYDECO are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP is available in our first quarter 2012 financial press release, which is on our website. Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. The approval of our second medicine, KALYDECO, in January of this year, the continued strength in the global launch of INCIVEK and INCIVO, the financial performance we've achieved while advancing our pipeline of medicines are all important measures of the success of our business model. We're particularly pleased that Vertex has grown rapidly into a global business with multiple approved medicines that are changing the lives of thousands of patients. My remarks today will cover 3 main areas: First, product revenues and earnings; second, our pipeline of additional medicines in development; and third, our business model. Starting with our approved medicines. The strength of the global launch for INCIVEK in North America and INCIVO in Europe and other countries. We launched INCIVEK in the U.S. in May 2011, and our partner, Janssen, begin launching INCIVO in the second half of 2011 in its own territories. INCIVEK and INCIVO are now generating a very significant revenue stream for us, approximately $390 million in the first quarter, including $357 million from INCIVEK and $33 million in royalty revenues from INCIVO. In the most recent months, we've observed a steady flow of people beginning treatment with INCIVEK, which to date commands a greater than 70% share in the U.S. INCIVO has also achieved a majority of share in the major European countries where the medicine is available. As INCIVO becomes available in more countries throughout the coming months, we expect to see continued significant growth in our royalty revenues. We move to KALYDECO for cystic fibrosis. We obtained FDA approval for KALYDECO and launched this breakthrough medicine just over 2 months ago for people with cystic fibrosis who have the G551D mutation. Reimbursement has gone smoothly and the launch is going very well. Approximately 600 people have started treatment with KALYDECO since approval, and we recorded approximately $18 million of net revenues in the first quarter. Again, we expect these revenues to grow as more patients begin and maintain treatment with KALYDECO. In the last few months, we've heard from many patients and their families, and this is one of the most gratifying aspects of bringing a medicine like KALYDECO to patients. Specifically, we've heard how much this medicine has impacted their lives, how they feel better, are healthier and are for the first time, optimistic about their futures. A young man with CF and his mom recently visited Vertex to share with us their experiences with KALYDECO, an experience that was truly life changing for their family in many ways. This young man told us that, thanks to KALYDECO, CF no longer defines him but is just a part of him. He's looking forward to applying to colleges. We are happy to hear that he visited one of our neighbors, MIT, during his trip to Vertex. It's these kinds of real-life experiences that inspire us and motivate our team to continue in our efforts to help others with this disease. I particularly want to give credit for the remarkable efforts of the CF community who have made it possible for so many people with CF to get KALYDECO so quickly following approval. This includes the CF Foundation, treatment centers, advocates in the CF community, families and friends of people with CF, as well as our own internal and field teams whose performance and commitment to this disease have been absolutely exemplary. We're also preparing for the potential approval of KALYDECO in Europe later this year. In addition, we're planning to initiate 3 pivotal studies of KALYDECO in 2012 that will enroll people with CF who have certain CFTR mutations not evaluated in the previous Phase III studies, as well as children with CF as young as 2 years of age.  A study in people with the R117H mutation and a study of people with other gating mutations are both expected to begin in the middle of this year. And the third study in children with CF as young as 2 years of age who have gating mutations is planned for later this year, pending final feedback from regulatory agencies. If successful, these studies could expand the number of people with CF who could benefit from KALYDECO monotherapy to approximately 8% to 10% of the estimated 70,000 people with CF worldwide.  Now I'd like to turn to the progress of our pipeline of developing medicines. Our next wave of potential new medicines could expand and extend our opportunities in CF and hepatitis C, and we're making very nice progress with potential treatments for diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and flu. In addition to the 3 pivotal studies of KALYDECO monotherapy that I just mentioned, we're also conducting 2 Phase II exploratory studies that combine KALYDECO with a CFTR corrector, either VX-809 or VX-661, and people with CF who have the most common CFTR mutation called Delta 508. The goal of combining KALYDECO with the correctors is to provide the majority of the CF population with a new treatment option. We expect to get the final results from the study of KALYDECO in VX-809 in mid-2012, followed by data from the KALYDECO on VX-661 study in the second half of this year.  Because we have a deep knowledge and understanding of this disease, we have high hopes for what we may be able to do for the many children and adults living with cystic fibrosis.  Now moving to hepatitis C, where the future goal in the treatment of this disease is to create well-tolerated, short duration, high viral cure regimens and specifically, interferon-free all oral regimens. Towards this goal we're in the process of initiating an interferon-free combination study with INCIVEK plus VX-222 and ribavirin. We'll also have the first day -- first 7-day viral kinetic data from the Alios nucs in the next couple of months. Pending these viral kinetic data, we're focused on starting additional combination studies with the nukes later this year. Now this area is moving very fast. However, based on our most -- the most recent data in the field, we believe we have several excellent opportunities to play a leading role in the future evolution of new all-oral treatments for patients with hepatitis C. We also continue to make progress in other areas of the pipeline with our medicines in development for rheumatoid arthritis and flu. In RA, we're in the process of starting a 6-month Phase IIb study with VX-509, our selective JAK3 inhibitor, and a background methotrexate. And in flu, we have now begun a proof of concept study for VX-787, where we will have data in the second half of the year.  Let me close by stating that our business is strong and growing, with revenues from 2 marketed products and a significant royalty income that together allow for reinvestment to create future medicines, earnings and cash flows. What I highlighted for you this evening are the key ways to understand the positive trajectory of our business and the markers on the horizon for how we will drive growth in the future. I look forward to updating you as we go. Thanks, and over to you, Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. Financially, 2012 is proceeding as we expected. And we have demonstrated that we now have a significant revenue base, one that is both diverse and has multiple sources. These revenues enable investment in our pipeline while also generating significant earnings.  Now to the financials. In the first quarter of 2012, total revenues were approximately $439 million compared to approximately $74 million in the same quarter of last year. The key components of these revenues are as follows: Firstly, we reported approximately $357 million INCIVEK net product revenues, which were affected by a reduction of approximately $22 million in inventory levels by wholesalers between December 31, 2011, and March 31, 2012. The current wholesale inventory level for INCIVEK at the end of the quarter is now approximately 2.5 weeks. In recent months and early April, we observed a steady flow of patients beginning treatment with INCIVEK. Secondly, we recorded $18 million of net product revenues for KALYDECO, which reflected the first 2 months of sales. As Jeff mentioned, approximately 600 people with CF have now started treatment with KALYDECO since the approval in late January. This reflects the strong patient demand, the connectivity of the CF community and the broad awareness of the importance of KALYDECO for these patients. We expect this revenue stream to grow as more people start to maintain treatment with KALYDECO. Later this year, we expect approval in Europe and this will add to this revenue growth. The strength of the launch in the U.S. and potential future European approval put us in a position to quickly build a significant and sustainable long term revenue base from KALYDECO. Thirdly, $39 million of royalty revenues, including $33 million of INCIVO royalty from J&J. This is a very important and growing revenue stream for the company and contributes significantly to the bottom line. It reflects the fact that we start to see leadership extends beyond the U.S. and into Europe and other countries. INCIVO is now available in more than 15 countries worldwide and more launches are planned this year by our collaborator. We expect our INCIVO royalties will grow significantly in 2012 given the early stage of launch in these European countries and other markets.  And finally, collaborative revenues of $24 million, a portion of these revenues provide funding for R&D activities where we have relationships in the areas of hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis. As total revenue resulted in the GAAP net income attributable to Vertex of approximately $92 million in the first quarter of 2012 or approximately $0.43 per diluted share, which includes stock compensation charge of $28 million. For the first quarter of 2012, our non-GAAP net income attributable to Vertex was approximately $119 million or $0.55 per diluted share.  On the basis of $439 million of total revenues this quarter, our non-GAAP income from operations represent an operating margin of approximately 28%, and we expect this operating margin to grow significantly during the rest of 2012. We anticipate the growth of our operating margin to be driven by increases in total revenues and continued cost control over the top total operating expenses. The operating margin is an important financial measure that is consistent with our business model.  In summary, we continue to see steady demand for INCIVEK. We are seeing significant and growing revenues from INCIVO royalties and we now have the first revenues for KALYDECO. Taken together, we are well positioned to advance our pipeline while generating significant earnings and adding to our current cash position of approximately $1 billion.  Thank you. And, Michael, back to you.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Ian. That concludes our prepared remarks and we'd now like to open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question is from Geoff Porges of Bernstein.
Aleksandr Rabodzey: This is Aleks here for Jeff. Congratulations on a great start with KALYDECO. Could you please clarify to us what was the general inventory for KALYDECO? And I understand that all 600 patients are on the commercial drug, but then how many patients do you still expect are all off the trial to commercial drug? And then I have a quick follow-up question.
Ian F. Smith: Okay, thanks for the question, Aleks, it's Ian. Just to confirm that the net sales that are recorded for KALYDECO for the first quarter are actually -- they're representing the sales to the patient. There is no significant inventory stocking that occurs with KALYDECO.
Nancy J. Wysenski: And Aleks, to the second half of your question, as you noted, we were very pleased that we have approximately 600 patients who are taking KALYDECO right now. We expect that there are approximately 100 patients in the U.S. on the PERSIST trial, and sometime between late second or early third quarter, in the beginning of next year, those patients will be completing that trial, and rolling over on to commercial supply.
Aleksandr Rabodzey: Got it. And a quick follow-up question. Just thinking about the combination trial and we're getting a lot of questions on that, what percentage of patients do you need to see to have a response about a certain sweat chloride threshold level to decide to proceed to a Phase III trial?
Peter R. Mueller: Aleks, the ongoing trial is sort of a second cohort out of a longer existing exploratory Phase II setting. And basically, what we are looking into is predominantly safety and tolerability, that's number one. Then we look at a bunch of parameters, like sweat chloride and FEV and everything else. And then out of the combination of all of those, we will make a decision how we move forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Congrats on another strong launch. I was wondering if you can just tell us how many -- remind us how many centers you're targeting with KALYDECO and how many of those centers have already initiated patients on drug? And then on the European front, I was wondering if you guys have gotten the day 120 questions yet for KALYDECO and if there was anything new in there that you can tell us about?
Nancy J. Wysenski: To start with the question on KALYDECO, it all depends on -- the answer is really it all depends on how you count a center. So there are adult centers, there are pediatric centers, and if you want to literally go through an accumulated total count, you're looking at over 250 centers. But of those, there are probably 120 or so that are really critically important and we have penetrated and have prescriptions coming out of the vast majority of those critical centers across the U.S. Peter?
Peter R. Mueller: Well, Terry, with respect to the regulatory pass, we have submitted in time the MAA and our process is well on track. And as we said in our earlier, we will not comment on particulars on the regulatory path and we still are believing and are optimistically believing that we will be approved in third quarter of this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Schoenebaum of the ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: This is Omar filling in for Mark. Just a couple of questions on KALYDECO. Number one, are there any patients among these 600 that are currently on drug that have some gating mutation other than G551D? And a quick follow-up to that, and in Europe, how does tier [ph] confirmation of G551D status differ just in terms of the mechanics versus how that plays out in U.S.?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Okay, Omar. Let me answer the first half and then I didn't quite literally understand the second half of your question in Europe. But in the U.S., we are very, very firm about the fact that we are promoting KALYDECO totally and only on label, which is only for the G551D mutation in patients who are 6 years old and over. Because of that, we have no real way to understand all the different genotyping mutations that would account for patients being put on the drug, but that's where we focus our promotion. And what was your -- the second half of your question relative to Europe?
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. So just trying to understand the mechanics -- just in the market, how do pairs verify that the patients that just initiated the drug had G551D? How does the process, just the mechanics of the process differ in Europe versus how they are in the U.S.?
Nancy J. Wysenski: I think that the general mechanics of reimbursement in Europe differ significantly from the U.S. in that you essentially have government-sponsored systems, so it's pretty much a one-payer system in the major countries and particularly the 4 driving countries that we'll be launching into for the G551D mutation. We really don't have insight into, in the U.S. or in Europe, how many plans will be asking to validate or if those that are, how they're going about that, I'm sorry.
Operator: Your next question is from Yaron Werber of Citi.
Gloria Woo: Gloria Woo in for Yaron. I just had a question about INCIVEK actually. I was wondering if you guys are going to update your guidance on INCIVEK based on your current run rate.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks for that question, Gloria. We actually reiterated our guidance in our press release this evening, the guidance for the full year that we provided on February 2, that reiteration of guidance is a reflection of our experience this year with INCIVEK. January sales, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, were affected by a drawdown of inventory of around $22 million. But for February, March and April, we saw a steady trend of scripts and billing, based on all of this, plus we did provide a 7% price increase effective April 1. We remain comfortable with our guidance for the remainder of the year.
Nancy J. Wysenski: And maybe to add to that, Gloria, this is Nancy. On the demand side, we've had a real steady stream of new RXs since the beginning of this year. If you look at your IMS data, you'll see that there have been between 850 and 1,000 prescriptions generated weekly, and that's been in a pretty tight range there. Just to add confidence to the information that we have related to sales to date, in visiting what several thought leaders, well more than several, last week at EASL, it's clear that there continued to be a good number of patients who are coming in to practices, who are requesting and need treatment for their hepatitis C, and based upon the information we have at this point in time, we continue to be confident that patients will be seeking treatment.
Peter R. Mueller: And Gloria, just to the other piece of our operating guidance, which is the operating expenses, we have an understanding and a controllable aspect of those operating expenses and based on that and the trajectory that we see for the rest of this year, we remain comfortable with the guidance we set earlier this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a couple of questions. When you talked about the Alios nucs, I might have missed this but you said the next couple of months, the data would be available? Does that mean we shouldn't be expecting it for sure in 2Q? And then on KALYDECO, can you talk about where you think a penetration is with the 600 patients. Does that include any off label use? And then, you might have just answered this but I might have missed it, on the price increase, how much of the 7% price increase is actually effective?
Ian F. Smith: So Rachel, I'll take the first piece with the disclosure question. As we said in our proposed remarks, we expect the first data from the Alios nucs to be available in the second quarter of this year and then I'll refer to Nancy for the remainder of your question.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Sure. On the KALYDECO question, again, we're really pleased with the fact that we've got approximately 600 patients on drug. Because we're only promoting KALYDECO in the G551D patients who are over 6 years of age and those are the only patients that we interact with in the support of our patient support system, in helping them with reimbursement, we can't really speculate about any off label usage, we don't have insight into that. Moving along to the price increases, I'm sure you're aware, Rachel, we can't give you a specific number. But at any point, in a manufacturer's or in a product's life, when we take a price increase, not all of that drops to the bottom line because of agreements that you have with both, some commercial, as well as government payers.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So maybe the half of the price increase, somewhere around that?
Ian F. Smith: The majority of the price increase drops to the bottom line, Rachel.
Operator: Our next question is from Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan.
Unknown Analyst: This is John in for Geoff Meacham and I have a question more about the correctors, 809 and 661. Since they're coming in so close to each other at the end of this year and I'd assume with 809, what's the plan or the tag going forward since they're 2 similar mechanisms? If you could just elaborate on that.
Peter R. Mueller: John, that's actually a very good question. So here's Peter and the answer to that is, there is a differentiation between the 2 molecules and so 661, yes, has the same mechanism of action. It acts as the same type of corrector, but it has a different distribution profile as we have stated in earlier days. And what that could do is, it could give you an opportunity, because of higher exposure potentially in the lung to go with a lower dose regimen and a smaller pill burden and all those type of things in patient populations. If it materializes, based on data we will make a decision how we compared it to molecules, to each other and then go forward. I think it's too early to say something because those studies are ongoing and we have no data to make a decision at that point in time.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: John, this is Jeff. I think you're probably asking the question, do we plan on waiting until we have all of the data before we choose between the 2 and the answer is no. Not necessarily. We're going to evaluate them independently. As we've said, we'll have the 809 data first. We'll look at all that data and make a decision on how to proceed with 809. We'll then have the 661 data, we'll look at all that data and make a decision independently. Is that your question?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, that does. And since they're so similar, I don't assume that you would use them in combination with KALYDECO? Both of them?
Jeffrey M. Leiden: You mean 3 drugs at a time?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, exactly.
Peter R. Mueller: No, there's no intention to have a 3-drug regimen. So even the similarity from a mechanism point of view, they bind basically at the same binding site in a way. There's no other additivity expected.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Liang of Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Can you just -- do you have an estimate on how many G551D patients there are in the U.S.? I know you talked about 600 patients. I think normally, we think about 4% of the population has G551D, that was assuming that you already have half of the patients on the drug within 2 months?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes, Howard. This is Nancy. You're right. We think about 1,000 G551D patients in the U.S., but we have to keep in mind that as we don't yet have an the indication for those who are under 6 years of age, that does remove a small subset. So we're pleased and we believe that we have already reached a majority point of the appropriate potential patients.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And which countries has INCIVO been launched in?
Nancy J. Wysenski: INCIVO has been launched in more than a dozen countries in Europe, additionally in Canada. I don't know if you're looking for a list of those, but all the major countries in Europe, and they have already achieved the -- a dominant market share.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So the revenue -- or sorry, royalty from this quarter is already from those countries or is it only a subset of those countries?
Ian F. Smith: It is from the countries that Nancy is referring to, to the launch, Howard. However, as you can imagine, it's really at the first stages of the launch. I made the comments in my prepared remarks that we do anticipate a growth from the royalty stream and that's because as they gain critical mass in each of the countries that should drive an increased royalty to us on a quarterly basis.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Kantor of RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Another congratulations on KALYDECO. I'm just wondering, so you got 600 patients really fast and you said you have another 100 patients in clinical trials that could roll off later this year or early next year. But is that gap, the remaining market share, is that something we should expect to also come on the therapy in sort of the same rapid trajectory? Or is there some portion of this population that's hard to get to for whatever reason?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes, Jason, as you might expect, every launch is unique. You typically start out with a really strong show when you've got a great product like KALYDECO and we're delighted that, that is exactly what is happening here. I can't really tell you. We'd all be speculating about where we'll be by a certain point in time or how many patients we'll have under treatment, but we're delighted with the fact that we've already gotten a majority of patients only 3 months into the launch and we know that there are another 100 imminent.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Now the 600 patients, that was as of the end of the quarter or that was as of today? And if you're giving us, INCIVEK kind of April trends, can we get the same for KALYDECO?
Nancy J. Wysenski: The 600 patients are as of last week, so in through the majority of April. And, no, I think the last number we've used is more than 35,000 patients on INCIVEK, but we don't have plans to update that number.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Roden of UBS.
Andrew Peters - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is actually Andrew in for Matt. And let me add my congratulations on the good KALYDECO number. I guess my question is a bit of an extension from the one just asked. You mentioned earlier the 120 or so critical centers. Of the 600 patients that are on drug right now, how many of those are coming from the critical centers? And I guess, I have a short follow-up.
Nancy J. Wysenski: I actually don't have those data. You may also recall that this launch came 3 months earlier than anticipated and everyone's moving at a pretty rapid clip here. So I can tell you that we have gotten prescriptions from all the major centers and in fact, from a majority of centers generally.
Andrew Peters - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And I guess the follow-up would be, are the scripts coming 1 or 2 at a time? Or are docs putting the majority of their patients on drug?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes, I don't have insight into that.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew J. Andrews - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is Matthew calling in for Brian. In light of the macro economic situation in Europe and some of the recent technology assessments by European countries for some recently approved pharmaceuticals, can you discuss your general thoughts about what clinical data from the KALYDECO studies do you believe will provide compelling evidence for the drugs benefiting in these G551D patients that will help enable strong reimbursement?
Nancy J. Wysenski: That's a great question, Matthew. And of course, speaking for Peter and Bob, we never know exactly what a label will read like until it's granted. But clearly, with the data that were involved in the U.S. label and how things are progressing in Europe, we feel confident that there will be significant information and that, that will enable us to approach the appropriate authorities in the 4 major countries, where 80% of the patients exist.
Operator: Our next question is from Ravi Mehrotra of Crdit Suisse.
Koon Ching: This is Koon actually calling on behalf of Ravi. I have 2 quick questions here. First of all, how quickly could you move into a Phase III trial, depending on how the Alios nucs data looks, how quickly could you move into Phase III interferon-free combo trial? And a question on INCIVEK. Have you seen any indications of doctors warehousing patients in light of the recent development in HCV?
Peter R. Mueller: The first question was how fast can you move on the Alios. I think the first thing is we have to go in Phase II. We are currently in viral kinetic studies which is in Ib, and this will happen in the second half of this year. Shortly after, we have thought [ph] available. So I think we are preparing for that and then moving hopefully, one or several, depending on data outcome, regimens into a Phase II setting. And then basically from there, so it's not a question of Phase III, it's a question of pivotal drugs in general and you have to develop a development strategy basically that takes care of it. The only thing we have said is, which I will now reiterate is, we have a change with our regimens to basically come by the end of 2014 to the first submission for regulatory approval in an all-oral setting, whatever that setting might be.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: This is Jeff, I guess the other one, other thing that I would add is obviously, we are -- as are others, are aiming for shorter and shorter trials with these all-oral regimens and hopefully getting down to the shortest 12 weeks, and that does have a major impact on the timing and the speed at which one can move in these trials, which is quite different from the previous trials containing peg and riba.
Nancy J. Wysenski: And the question related to warehousing, this is something we talked quite a bit about during our fourth quarter call and we had done some fairly extensive research looking into this. So although we're delighted and that we are also participating in the development of potential all-oral therapies, at this point, we don't have any data to suggest that there is additional secondary warehousing beyond what goes on all the time as physicians triage patients into appropriate therapies.
Operator: Our next question is from Ying Huang of Barclays.
Ying Huang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I want to also echo my congratulations on the KALYDECO launch. First question, can you give us the gross to net adjustments for both the INCIVEK and KALYDECO last quarter? And then, Ian, you mentioned inventory drawdown for about $22 million for INCIVEK. Do you expect that to bounce back in the future quarters?
Ian F. Smith: So just as a statement, the gross to net, first on INCIVEK, it actually did move up slightly in the first quarter, so the net revenues were affected by that. It moved from approximately 13% in our fourth quarter to 16% in this first quarter. We would anticipate that, that 16% around there will be maintained for the rest of the year. We've now completed the majority of our contracting process. On KALYDECO, we're still getting the better understanding of that margin or the net of the discount. It's early on in the launch so we're still setting up our contracting. For this quarter though, it was mid-single digits, maybe slightly above that, and we do expect that to increase slightly. And the -- oh sorry, the inventory question. Yes, so the inventory did reduce from December 31 to March 31 for INCIVEK inventory holding by approximately $22 million. So of course, that affects the revenues that we would accrue in the first quarter. As it affects going forward, we ended the first quarter with approximately 2.5 weeks of inventory, so that's a pretty low level of inventory. So as we go forward we're not sure where it will go, but it shouldn't have a significant impact as we move forward given that the drawdown has pushed the inventory levels to a low of 2.5 weeks.
Operator: The next question is from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Congratulations on the good launch of KALYDECO. As we think about the combination moving forward, what's really going to drive your decision about this particular combination? Is it really the FEV data or are you going to be thinking more about the sweat chloride? I'm just trying to anticipate the data that comes out.
Peter R. Mueller: Well, Liisa, that's Peter again. I think it's not the one or the other. You have to look at the overall pattern that you basically get in those exploratory trials, which is a smaller number of patients to make a decision. Obviously, from a therapeutic point of view, FEV is the one that is accepted by regulatory agencies and that has the major impact and so if you don't see anything in FEV, that's never a good thing.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just an additional question about -- on a different topic related to R&D. The Alios nucs, I'm just curious, obviously you have 2 and that prevents, I think some unique opportunities for development. But as you think about interferon-free regimens and the Alios nukes, what's really your strategy to develop these? Are you thinking new nuc combinations or combinations that are classes and might you consider looking outside of your own pipeline there?
Peter R. Mueller: Liisa, that's a good question. I think there is many different aspects that you have to consider in our HCV strategy. Given the fact that we believe, and I think are more and more sure that, that different patient populations might benefit from different regimens and that there is not a one size fits all regimen. And that will drive sort of how we basically go forward. The nice thing in the Vertex world, outside of having INCIVEK being the leading drug, is that we basically have a plethora of molecules that we can combine in many different forms and fashions. And there's not just a one regimen that we are looking into, and that's driven by patient populations that we select that we go forward. So I think we have here a very good opportunity. And so this is what it is. And then obviously, we will not stop here. We constantly also are looking for other opportunities and as you have seen companies partner in 2 things and we are completely open to consider those type in our strategy too.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, Liisa, this is Jeff. I totally agree with what Peter said, and just to perhaps add a couple of things. I think we are in a uniquely advantageous situation because we have multiple swings at the ball inside, as Peter said, and we know they're combinable, and that's very important I think. The combinability has, in some cases, I think been lost in the discussion, we've done a lot of work on that. The second thing is, I think because we have some unique assets in particularly the nucs, that also would place us in a more powerful position with respect to partnering with other outside assets. And so our plan is to fully explore our internal pipeline, as well as once we have begin to understand that to explore partnering possibilities that might work for both parties.
Operator: Our next question is from David Friedman of Morgan Stanley.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's in regards to, I think something that was mentioned earlier around off label use of 770, and you said that because you don't have, you're not promoting off label, obviously, and therefore you don't have interactions with people. Does that mean that there's no co-pay support or any other services that you are allowed to provide for patients who do not have G551D until they're labeled or is there some amount of interaction that you're allowed to have just to facilitate what was the physician's decision to put the patient on drug or not?
Nancy J. Wysenski: So David, that's a great question. And no, we have no -- we don't have any of our support programs extended to patients beyond the G551D 6 and over indication in our label.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just as a quick follow, do you have an estimate or have you gotten any sense of what an average co-pay is for a patient with this and what percent you've needed to provide some support to?
Nancy J. Wysenski: As you can imagine, the majority of patients do look for co-pay support, but those are usually in a very reasonable range. I know that some questions have come up about free drug and the provision of free drug occurs at an extremely low level. And so far, the data we have on co-pays is not at a very high rate. Ian, would you like to expound?
Ian F. Smith: Yes. And David, just as I mentioned, a gross to net adjustment for KALYDECO earlier on this call, it's approximately 6%. That includes a lot of the patient support. So as you can see, there's not a significant discount on the gross to net due to patient support programs.
Operator: The next question is from Marko Kozul of ThinkEquity.
Irene Lau - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: This is Irene in for Marko. When you present the first cystic fibrosis combination trial for KALYDECO and VX-809, what kind of data do you plan to report? In other words, do you plan to only provide mean FEV1 and sweat chloride data? Or might you consider also providing subgroup analysis and potential correlation data between FEV1 and sweat chloride?
Ian F. Smith: At this time, we can't really prescribe the press release that we'll be putting out. What I could say is that when we have the data and we're in a position to release it, we'll provide you with the top line data from that study. But I can't go beyond that to this point in time because we don't know how we'll be providing it.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: We have time I believe for 2 questions.
Operator: Next 2 questions is from Katherine Xu Ju of William Blair.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I'm just curious for the INCIVEK launch, what is the ratio between naive and experienced patients? Do you have a sense of that? And the other one is, do you have any pricing information on the ex U.S. countries that you have launched to date?
Nancy J. Wysenski: On the INCIVEK split, Katherine, we continue to see a majority of the patients coming in to the naive descriptor, about 70%. And Ian, do you want to comment on pricing in Europe? That's totally out of our control, as you know, and it's decided by Johnson & Johnson.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. I mean, my comment is that towards the INCIVO royalty. We don't comment on J&J's pricing decisions. But the royalties, it's a significant royalty stream, as you can see in the first quarter, and that's just at the first part of this launch. So we anticipate that, that will growth and the majority of that royalty goes straight to our bottom line. So it's a very healthy cash flow for us given the scale of the European market and also the lead position that INCIVO seems to be in early on in the launch.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And for KALYDECO so far, what is the percentage of reimbursed -- successful reimbursement decision?
Nancy J. Wysenski: I guess, Katherine, that's a really hard question to answer because the launch is so young, and in an orphan disease state, one typically expects that it might take as long as 2 to 3 months to receive reimbursement once the paperwork is put into place. So we're delighted that it's going as fast as it is and that the majority of patients have already received reimbursement, but of course, there are others who are still waiting and we believe that's probably part of why we're seeing a high ratio of commercial pays because typically, the commercial plans make quicker reimbursement decisions.
Operator: Our next question is from Alan Carr of Needham & Company.
Mark Vignola: This is Mark Vignola on for Allen. I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about the royalty expenses and what portion of that might be due to KALYDECO?
Ian F. Smith: So we do have a royalty payment to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation on the KALYDECO revenue stream. It's an escalating royalty that starts in kind of mid to high single digits and goes into preteens royalty once the product gets significant scale.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And it actually appears in the cost of product revenues line, the KALYDECO royalty that we pay out. It does not appear on the royalty payout revenue line. Are there any additional questions?
Operator: No further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us tonight. We will be in the office to take any additional questions that you have. Have a pleasant evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Partridge  Senior Director of Strategic Communications Jeff Leiden  President and CEO Ian Smith  EVP and CFO Peter Mueller  EVP, Global Research and Development, and Chief Scientific Officer Robert Kauffman  Chief Medical Officer Nancy Wysenski  EVP and Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts:  Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Ulz  JPMorgan Wesley Nurss  ISI Gloria Woo  Citi Howard Liang  Leerink Swann Jason Kantor  RBC Capital Markets Andrew Peters  UBS Ted Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray Matthew Andrews  Wells Fargo Ying Huang  Barclays Capital Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities David Friedman  Morgan Stanley Marko Kozul  ThinkEquity Daniel Brims  Brean Murray George Farmer  Canaccord 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, with instructions following at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Now, Ill turn the conference over to Michael Partridge. Please begin.
Michael Partridge: Good evening and welcome to Vertexs 2011 financial results conference call. 2011 began a fulfillment of Vertexs vision of improving patients lives with breakthrough medicines. As we look to 2012, we are focused on balancing the revenues we are generating with the breadth of investment required to drive continued innovation in our pipeline and generating significant earnings and cash flows. With me today to review our 2011 accomplishments and outlook for 2012 are Dr. Jeff Leiden, who will kick off the call with an overview of our business focus for 2012, and Ian Smith, who will comment on selected year-end and fourth quarter 2011 financial results and 2012 financial guidance. A press release announcing our fourth quarter and 2011 financial results and 2012 financial guidance has been issued. Please refer to this release for the primary line items within our income statement. After our prepared remarks, we will be joined by Dr. Peter Mueller, Nancy Wysenski and Dr. Bob Kauffman, and we will be happy to take your questions. We will ask you to please limit your questions to one with a related follow-up. Were stopping tonights call promptly at 6 PM, and for any questions after that, we will be in our offices to take your call. Finally, let me note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our full-year 2011 financial results press release which is on our website. All 2010 and 2011 expenses discussed in this call exclude stock-based compensation expense, restructuring expense and any intangible asset impairment charges net of tax, any revenues and expenses related to certain September 2009 financial transactions, commercial milestone payments and items related to Vertexs collaboration with Alios. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks, Michael. I joined Vertex just six weeks ago, and I am extremely pleased with the execution we are demonstrating across the business. On todays call, I want to reiterate for you again what I said at the beginning of the year at the Annual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference and what I said two days ago, when we announced the approval of KALYDECO. And that is that Vertex is well-positioned to be a global business, to help many more patients with serious diseases and to continue to generate significant cash flows. In less than a year, Vertex received approvals and launched two breakthrough medicines in different life-threatening diseases: INCIVEK for the treatment of hepatitis C and KALYDECO for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Looking ahead, we have a pipeline of eight other potential medicines and expect to generate proof of concept data for many of these programs throughout 2012. This is a very exciting and deep pipeline that gives us the opportunity to launch additional new medicines over the next few years that could deliver significant benefits to patients and their families, and significant value to Vertex and our shareholders. Launching INCIVEK last year was a crucial turning point for Vertex and enabled us to demonstrate not only our research and development expertise, but also our ability to build a commercial team that flawlessly executed one of the most successful drug launches in the industry. Prior to launch, we anticipated strong demand for this medicine from people living with hepatitis C and the healthcare providers who treat them. But INCIVEKs performance in the first seven months exceeded even those expectations. INCIVEK is now available in multiple countries including the U.S., Canada and nine countries in Europe. We believe this reflects the clinical benefits of the drug, and the outstanding work of our commercial organization. Our fourth quarter and year-end 2011 results reflect the very rapid launch of INCIVEK and have created strong cash flow to enable investment in our late stage pipeline of medicines while also returning value to shareholders. Ian will review our financial results with you momentarily. As our hepatitis C commercial group remains keenly focused on INCIVEKs launch, we are progressing efforts to sustain our leadership in hepatitis C for the long-term. We have a number of future opportunities in this disease including an all-oral regimen in Phase 2 and two novel nucleotide medicines which are now in Phase 1. These nucleotide compounds are pan-genotypic in vitro and we expect to obtain biokinetic data this year not only in genotype 1 but also in multiple HCV genotypes. In the area of cystic fibrosis, the teams execution on the development and regulatory submissions of KALYDECO for the treatment of a subset of patients was absolutely extraordinary. As a result of these efforts, we launched our second breakthrough medicine within nine months after the launch of our first and only three months after the submission of the NDA. Nancy and her team are working together to bring KALYDECO to CF patients age six and older with the G551D mutation. And Im pleased to announce that just two days after approval, KALYDECO has begun to arrive at the network of specialty pharmacies. Through our disease education initiative, we are providing doctors and nurses with specific resources to understand the science behind CFTR modulation and the importance of knowing a patients genotype. Were also educating the community on KALYDECOs label and the patients who can benefit from this medicine to enable the successful outcomes the patients, providers and payers all want. And were equally excited about ways to improve the treatment for other people living with cystic fibrosis. KALYDECO is part of a longstanding and ongoing program. Our work is not done. We have a portfolio of medicines, and were committed to doing everything we can to help as many CF patients as possible. Specifically, were now getting ready to start three additional studies of KALYDECO as monotherapy, which may help to address the addressable  to expand the addressable population. With positive results from these studies, we believe we could submit data to begin to expand KALYDECOs label as early as 2013. Were also exploring combining KALYDECO with VX-809 and VX-661, two potential medicines known as correctors, which target the most common CF mutation called Delta 508. We have exploratory studies ongoing in parallel with these medicines and expect to get clinical data from these studies later this year. Beyond the hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis areas, were advancing our pipeline of other medicines. Were initiating Phase 2b studies of the VX-509, our selective JAK3 inhibitor for rheumatoid arthritis and other autoimmune diseases, and VX-765 for epilepsy. Also this year, were planning to initiate a proof-of-concept study for VX-787, a novel medicine for influenza. These opportunities in our drug pipeline are both diverse and global and could build upon the revenue base of INCIVEK and KALYDECO to provide substantial growth for Vertex in the next three to five years. We fundamentally believe that the value of our business will be driven by innovations in our pipeline, while we maintain a financial return from our marketed drugs. In summary, only a few biotech companies are fortunate enough to go from being a drug development company to a successful commercial organization with multiple approved medicines. And fewer have done so with a broad and diverse pipeline in serious diseases like we have developed at Vertex. As we look ahead, we see 2012 as the year that underscores to many our capability to consistently discover, develop and bring breakthrough medicines to patients. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. Financially, 2011 was a turning point for the company. It marked Vertexs first full-year of profitability and reflected the success in treating a significant number of hepatitis C patients with INCIVEK. Weve now transitioned to a business generating significant revenues and as we enter 2012, we have a financial objective to balance our investment into R&D, required for innovation and growth opportunities whilst still generating significant earnings and cash flows. Tonight, Im going to report on our GAAP and non-GAAP income for the full year 2011, and then focus my remarks on how were financially managing 2012. I will, of course, be happy to address any questions during the question-and-answer session. First to our 2011 financial results, the GAAP net income attributable to Vertex in 2011 was approximately $30 million, or $0.14 per diluted share. This compares to a $755 million 2010 GAAP net loss. For the full year 2011, our non-GAAP net income was approximately $60 million or $0.08 per diluted share, which compares to $606 million of 2010 non-GAAP loss. We achieved these results and specifically the full-year profitability due to the successful launch of INCIVEK in the U.S., coupled with a focus on financial discipline that balances the investment necessary for continued innovation. Before I turn to the guidance were providing for 2012, Id like to remind everyone that at the end of 2011, we had NOLs, that is net operating losses, of approximately $3 billion. Utilization of these NOLs contributed to the cash position in 2011 and will continue to reduce our tax obligations going forward. Now turning to the financial guidance for 2012, the components of the guidance we are providing are as follows. INCIVEK net product revenues and non-GAAP total operating expenses excluding cost of revenues, stock-based compensation and the expenses related to accounting treatment of the Alios collaboration. These are important financial measures of cash inflows and reinvestment back into our business. We may provide further financial guidance in 2012 as we gain more understanding of the revenues generated from the recently approved and now launched KALYDECO and also the royalty revenues from the recent approval of INCIVO which is marketed in Europe by J&J. Both may provide substantial revenues and contribute to earnings and cash flow. We believe our 2012 guidance reflects our ability to build value, by creating earnings while we continue to prudently invest in our pipeline of medicines to drive further innovation. Its a careful balance of priorities. First, we expect U.S. INCIVEK net product revenues to be within a range of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion for the full year of 2012. This compares to 2011 net product revenues for INCIVEK of approximately $951 million, which represents the first seven months of sales for INCIVEK. Additionally, this compares to our fourth quarter INCIVEK revenues of approximately $457 million. The 2012 projected INCIVEK revenues are based on our assessment of the genotype 1 hepatitis C market, our understanding of the underlying demand, trend in physician treatment decision-making and our general market knowledge. It also takes into account the anticipated increases in the gross to net adjustments from our weighted average cost or list price based on contractual terms with commercial and government payers. Next, projected 2012 non-GAAP total operating expenses  specifically, those of R&D and SG&A expenses. We expect these expenses to be in the range of $1.03 billion to $1.13 billion compared to $981 million for 2011. This is an increase of approximately 10%, using the midpoint of our 2012 expense guidance. This also compares to approximately $276 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. Now, looking at the individual components of the non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses. First, our R&D expenses are anticipated to be in the range of $690 million to $760 million. This compares to approximately $627 million for 2011 and approximately $166 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. This spend will be focused on the advancement and the initiation of multiple clinical trials planned in several different serious diseases, including our lead programs in hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis, as well as clinical programs in rheumatoid arthritis, influenza and epilepsy. On the commercial side of our business, we will continue to support the launch of INCIVEK and the recent U.S. launch of KALYDECO for cystic fibrosis patients. We will also incur costs associated with the initial preparation for and the potential launch of KALYDECO in the EU later this year. To support these important areas of our business, we anticipate SG&A expenses to be in the range of $340 million to $370 million. This compares to $354 million for the year ended 2011 and approximately $110 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. In summary, we believe the approval of our first two medicines has demonstrated our capability to develop breakthrough medicines in serious diseases, but we would not be where we are today without shareholder support in making significant investments in our pipeline to advance these innovations. We are now fortunate to have a strong capital structure, a significant cash inflows from product revenues that we believe will enable us to deliver significant return back to our shareholders while maintaining investments in our business. Thank you for your support, and Michael, back to you.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. Tyrone, we now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Geoffrey Porges of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the questions. Congratulations on the first year of profitability. Ian, a couple of questions on your philosophy in giving us this guidance. First of all, you seem to be guiding that INCIVEK is expected to be down modestly versus the fourth quarter. And can you tell us how you thought about that? And secondly, as you think about expenses, presuming there may be some revenue opportunities emerging from either KALYDECO or else coming from royalties, do you expect expenses would be fixed at those levels or would they ramp up if there was incremental revenue? And then lastly, could you just give us a sense of whether you think this gross margin is sustainable at this level given the portfolio? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Okay, Geoff, how you doing? I think I got all five of those questions, seriously. So, lets start  and if I miss any please take me back. So, first of all, why guidance? Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, we do think its important to give the investors and analysts a good understanding of the cash inflows that are coming into our business and then how we choose to reinvest them versus align them to drop to the bottom line. The key line items in terms of those coming into our business are in the INCIVEK net revenues. We feel as though we have a good understanding of the hepatitis C market and the range that we gave of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion is a range that were confident of achieving in 2012. Other line items on the revenue though, its a little more difficult, because were at the earlier stages of launches of products. So, the KALYDECO revenue stream for 2012 we have to see how that goes and then also the same with INCIVO, which is of course INCIVEK in Europe but thats also at its early stage of the launch. As we go through the year, we get a better understanding, we may provide further guidance. Those are two line items that could provide significant cash inflow to the business. And as we go through the year, then, we may give further guidance on those line items. But at this stage, its just feels too early. From an expense base, clearly the trajectories in our business of R&D which have been questioned a number of times; we want to give the guidance on how were managing the business financially on the investment side and as you see the total operating expense guidance that were giving. It is a 10% increase on the prior year but from an SG&A perspective, it is being held fairly constant to 2011. There is slight growth in the R&D side but thats because of the progression and advancements of development programs. So, we wanted to give that kind of financial structure to the business and thats the reason we gave the guidance and we have the confidence to give that guidance. To your other questions, you asked about the INCIVEK trajectory. I assume you are comparing it to the Q4 number. We were fortunate in Q4 to benefit from this rapid uptake following launch where there was a high volume of patients flowing into the system, which we clearly benefit from a revenue perspective, as we went into the fourth quarter. As we go into 2012, were establishing where we believe the run rates of the patients are flowing through the system, and thats reflected in our guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. I would point out we did benefit early on by patients that were waiting for therapy, then came our approval and they came into the system. We do feel as we give guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion that we have the confidence of achieving that. As far as the other revenue, as I mentioned, those are the INCIVO royalty revenues and also the KALYDECO revenues. Expenses in terms of how the business performs through the year  were holding ourselves accountable internally to the numbers that weve provided to you. So, we do not see those flexing, and we have a number of programs internally ongoing in the company that maintain those expenses and in some parts of our business, actually take the expense away. As far as the gross margin on the products, we see it remaining fairly similar to 2011. Weve always mentioned that the gross margins for the products we sell should be above 90%, including the royalties that are attached to some of those products. So, were still in good shape, as we go into 2012 on the gross margins of the two products that are now in the market.
Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein: Thank you very much. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the progress. I just had a question on the ongoing KALYDECO 809 trial. I was wondering, first, if you can give us any update on enrollment; and then, two, maybe you could help us frame what you guys would view as a go/no-go decision for taking that combination forward into a larger Phase 3 program?
Peter Mueller: Hi, Terence. Thats Peter speaking and Bob will also maybe say a couple of words to that. So, first of all, cohort II enrollment is going as expected, no delays or anything. We are expecting midyear to have data that might be available for broader communication. Everything so far is on track and there is no stoplight that I can see at this given point in time. So, what was the other question?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I mean your second point is sort of our benchmarks for going forward into Phase 3. Weve been asked this many times and its very hard to put an exact number on it. I think a lot will depend on what we see in the trial. Obviously, looking at sweat chloride results and lung function results and its just pretty hard to really pin ourselves down to something. And  yeah.
Peter Mueller: The other comment that I want to add, the decision is not solely on 809. We have two correctors, the other one is 661. Its not a binary, yes or no. It is choosing the best regimen as we go forward. And we will get data in the course of the next couple of months to get a better insight, as Bob said, what that is. So, dont see that stuff as an 809 type of event, see it as a broader approach to identify a viable regimen that treats this broad population.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And can I just ask one follow-up on the design of the KALYDECO 809 study. I was wondering I know youre enrolling both patients, homozygous and heterozygous for F508del, is that a pre-specified stratification criteria? I know there is set numbers of patients for each of those youre going to enroll.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. There is specific subgroups. The majority of the trial is the homozygous patients and then there is one cohort of heterozygous patients and enrollment is obviously separately into those groups.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, two questions, one very specific, a broader one. On the specific one, Im wondering even though you cant give us guidance for INCIVO, can you give us a sense of what INCIVO royalties really were in the quarter? Whether there were one-time stocking effects in 4Q? Just want to make sure we dont overestimate the run rate going into 2012? And then the broader question on capital allocation, the exiting CEO had kind of previously articulated that R&D investment would kind of be first into the pipeline, second into kind of small M&A and deals and then third, a distant center would be share repurchases. Jeff, I was wondering if you could  if I could take your temperature on your view of that  that capital allocation strategy. Thanks.
Ian Smith: Hi, Rachel, its Ian. So, the royalties from INCIVO in the fourth quarter were approximately $16 million. There is a little bit of stocking in there but its also right at the beginning of the approvals and launches of INCIVO in the various European countries. It has been approved in the major European countries now, we would anticipate that the run rate of that royalty to pick up significantly, frankly, as we go into 2012.
Jeff Leiden: And Rachel, this is Jeff. On your question on capital allocation I think Matt and I were and are in complete agreement about that. As you know, Ive told you before, were quite excited about a number of opportunities in our current pipeline, including our Alios nucs, our triple oral in HCV, our KALYDECO label expansion in CV, and then of course the combination studies and behind that, the flu, the epilepsy and the JAK compounds. So, there are a lot of exciting things to invest in. We plan to invest in them, because not to do so would be to starve the future growth of our business. With respect to M&A activities, I think, like most companies, we keep a careful eye on whats going on in the outside. Were in the fortunate position of not having to do deals because of our pipeline. On the other hand, were always looking for interesting things that can complement what we have internally, and we will continue to do so.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And Im sorry, just a quick follow-up to that. Anything specific on HCV or do you feel comfortable with your HCV portfolio as is?
Jeff Leiden: Yeah. We feel very comfortable with our HCV portfolio. In fact, I would say, as I look at it  and Ive been looking at it for a while now  its the broadest and deepest portfolio that allows us the most swings at the ball, Rachael. And I think  again, Ive talked with you about this before  I dont think anybody knows exactly what the winning combinations are going to be yet for the different patient subpopulations. And what I like about our pipeline is we have many different swings at the ball. With the two Alios nucs, which can be combined with each other, ribavirin, obviously, our non-nuc, VX-222, and INCIVEK. So, I think when I look at our pipeline, we have the component parts to create a number of winning regimens. And we plan to pursue several of those to understand how they are going to work and how its going to play out in these different patient subpopulations.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Ulz  JPMorgan: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. This is actually Mike in for Jeff. Just wondering if youd maybe break out for us INCIVEK patient numbers in terms of the dynamic between those that are nave and experienced and maybe sort of what youre seeing and how thats sort of changing over time? Thanks.
Nancy Wysenski: Sure, Mike. This is Nancy. Actually, when we first launched the drug, we saw a slight tip toward the nave patient group at about a 60/40 split and to date that really hasnt changed. And I think thats an indication of the fact that there are a good number of patients who are out there, who are still coming into offices that are seeking treatment from all types of backgrounds and contributes to some of the facts that Ian mentioned in our guidance for this year.
Michael Ulz  JPMorgan: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Schoenebaum of ISI. Your line is open.
Wesley Nurss  ISI: Hi. This is Wes sitting in for Mark. I just had a question about the SG&A guidance. I noticed that the fourth quarter SG&A expense annualized is larger than the 2012 guidance. So, I was just wondering if you could just talk about how the split of SG&A expense will occur over the quarter, and also  over the year, excuse me  and also if you could explain the variance of that annualized 4Q SG&A number? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Sure. I appreciate the question. I actually appreciate you pointing it out, something financially were actually very proud of. So, we have a number of initiatives as I mentioned in answer to an earlier question within our business where were looking at processes and efficiencies and we have set ourselves some objectives and we are going to be going about some things different this year than we have in the past. And we expect those to result in expense savings. There have also been a few costs that have been of a one-time nature in 2011 that we will no longer be incurring. But we are at that stage of our business where we have gone through our business, how we operate, look at processes and were trying to find out how we can operate our business efficiently, while maintaining our priority and key focus on investment and R&D that will drive the future of the company. And thats  I appreciate you asking the question because its coming through in the SG&A line.
Wesley Nurss  ISI: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Yaron Werber of Citi. Your line is open.
Gloria Woo  Citi: Hi. This is Gloria on for Yaron. He wanted to know whether or not you would consider buying back CF royalties from the CF Foundation? And also if I can ask a second question, for Q4 2011, it seemed that you had a tax rate of 10.7%. We were wondering if you can sustain that through 2012.
Ian Smith: Yes, thanks for the question. Couple of questions there. First of all, we dont comment on potential business development type transactions. All I would say that if there is something that is interesting for our business and makes financial sense, well give it consideration. As far as the tax rate concern, I understand your question, it is a little confusing. The number that youre referring to is actually the tax line that we have to consolidate from Alios and its actually not our taxes. The accounting for Alios is that we actually have to consolidate Alios into our financial statements. We then remove them on the bottom line. So, its actually not our tax line item. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we actually have NOLs that allow us to offset the income that we make and our tax obligations are actually minimal. So, cash tax obligations are minimal. We do have some small state taxes but it really is minimal. If you look to the non-GAAP financials that we disclosed in our press release, youll see that the true  kind of the true tax cash rate.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Liang of Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Did you say anything about the contribution from inventory changes to the sales in the fourth quarter and whether there are any sales to a third party for clinical supply?
Ian Smith: Okay. Could you say that again? It didnt come through quite clearly. Please?
Jeff Leiden: Inventory changes and any sales for clinical trials.
Ian Smith: Okay. There was  in terms of  if you measure from September 30 through to December 31 and look at the levels of inventory, it was negligible change, Howard. So, it didnt have an impact on the revenue recognition.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Any contribution from sales to third party for clinical supply and whether that may continue in 2012?
Ian Smith: There have been pieces within our revenue line where third parties have been buying INCIVEK for their own clinical trial. But as you might expect, its  a majority of sales are to patients.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: If I can follow up on a separate question, youre interferon-free regimen, how you make the determination to move forward? What would it take for you to move to Phase 3 for the 222/INCIVEK/ribavirin combination? When would you consider a trial specific for subgroups of genotype 1 patients, 1a or 1b?
Robert Kauffman: Yeah. This is Bob. We are awaiting the results of the SVR4 data from the ribavirin triple. And clearly, that will be the most important piece of information that we get in order to decide whether to go forward. Obviously, the bar is set really quite high in the field for  certainly, for expectations for what SVR rates are and obviously, well be looking to see that we have a competitive regimen based on the data that we obtain. We have multiple, potential non-interferon-based regimens and we will have to spend some time thinking about sort of allocating resources to those various options, including the ribavirin triple and then coming a little later in the year, the possibility of combinations with the Alios compounds. And there is a lot of mixing and matching within our own portfolio that we believe can occur. So, its going to be a bit of a complex equation but it will surely be data driven.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Kantor of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jason Kantor  RBC Capital Markets: Yes, a couple of questions, first of all, congratulations again on KALYDECO. And in terms of the launch, I know that awareness for this drug was really high and genotyping was also something thats been done a lot and theres a lot of interest in those trials. So, Im wondering, should we be thinking about this as a real bolus of patients that could come on very quickly following the approval? And also on the HCV market, if you could give us some sense of what you think the market dynamics are right now in terms of capacity, warehousing and any kind of seasonality that we can expect in Q1? Thanks.
Nancy Wysenski: Great, Jason. Let me see if I can hit all that. So, first of all, on cystic fibrosis and KALYDECO; this is a very well-known patient community and as you know, the majority of them are children and they are in routine care at a predictable number around just slightly more than 110 CF centers across the United States. What that means is that they all show up for care at least once quarterly. And since the vast majority of them have already been genotyped, either the patient, their caregiver or the physician is clearly aware of which patients KALYDECO will be used in. You know weve heard a few early rumors that in some cases, they are actually canceling their routine clinic appointments in order to open up days just to be dedicated to bringing in these patients. But I think from those comments, you can probably begin to think through what that uptake is going to look like. Switching over to HCV, capacity and warehousing. Well, first of all, to talk about the market in general as it relates to capacity, last year as we launched, we saw a really huge spike in treatment because prior to the launch of the PI, there really werent any medications that were nearly as efficacious. So, what that meant was that we really had a jump and then some of the offices realized that stretched them a little too far and the general capacity has calmed down a little. Following that, we saw the holiday effect. We talked about that holiday effect in advance. I think what we saw was consistent with what we expected and what the historical use even with the pegylated-interferon showed. And then typically, what happens is in January, you see a re-stabilization and we believe that re-stabilization will  well, its already beginning to occur. It will continue and that  the slope of that curve for next year is going to again be consistent with what weve seen with the pegylated-interferon and being a pretty steady sort of state. In terms of warehousing, were not quite certain that we burned through all the warehousing that occurred prior to the launch of the PI. We see those patients continuing to come in. And although every physician makes some unique determinations in a patients first call  kind of, patients first visit  they tend to put a patient aside here or there. We dont think that there is any significant impact from their thoughts about future therapies. And really, there is not that much information out there yet. So, its too early to even begin to think about quantifying an impact like that. But well be watching it through the year and keeping you apprised as we see things develop differently.
Jason Kantor  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Roden of UBS. Your line is open.
Andrew Peters  UBS: Hi, guys. This is actually Andrew in for Matt, and congratulations on the quarter. I was wondering if I could ask, I guess, your general interest on partnering, specifically for 509 and 787. Those are pretty sizable markets, and I think the clinical requirements for a trial in flu as well is in RA are pretty significant. So, what are your thoughts on how you would manage those kind of Phase 3s on your own as opposed to kind of getting a partner to help manage some of those costs? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Thanks for the question. Ill start by saying that if we have the opportunity to run a Phase 3 with these drugs and these diseases, I think, thats a rare opportunity for a company. So, you can see where were leaning as a business. And the hardest thing to do is actually get the molecule all the way through ready to start the Phase 3 in these diseases. So, if we are successful with the next stages of these two compounds that you refer to, we look forward to running a Phase 3. We think we have the capacity in our business both from resources and financial resources to run this through a Phase 3 and theyre big opportunity for us. And as if we look into the future, if we have the ability to run those Phase 3, what it says is, we actually have that opportunity for continued revenue growth in the middle and latter part of this decade. As far as considering the compounds going outside of the company, we dont comment on those kind of transactions. We are running the studies as Peter has mentioned and Jeff has mentioned and we look forward to getting the results from them.
Andrew Peters  UBS: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ted Tenthoff of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Ted Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray: Thank you very much. I have to say looking into 2012, Im very excited about where the company is and congratulations on launch of  approval of KALYDECO. I actually had two quick kind of housekeeping questions. Ian, you said about the tax rate, that it would be  remain kind of low. Will it be  can you give us any guidance on what that actually might be, because I know there is a lot of different parts to that. And also, and I have to  you have to excuse me if I missed this, but I recall that you got the EU milestones for payments for approval of INCIVO last quarter but I didnt see where that came out in this quarter. So, I just wanted to see if you had any comment on that?
Ian Smith: Sure. So, have a little patience on this. If we dont get through it, Ted, then Ill certainly catch up with you off-line on the taxes, but Ill just ask you to refer to the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP and what youll see on the left-hand side where youve got the GAAP numbers, you will see a provision for income taxes. And somebody mentioned earlier, that is up around 10%-ish. But that actually is a somebody elses tax line that were consolidating unfortunately. When we do our reversals for the Alios transaction and other kind of deferred type tax assets, we end up with minimal taxes. That is the tax position and the cash tax position of the business and its because of the NOLs. The NOLs arent just federal NOLs, we have state NOLs as well. So, we take advantage of those. As you think about a cash tax for our business, certainly as we work through the $3 billion worth of NOLs, they will continue, the cash taxes will continue to be minimal in our business. So, I would just ask you to take a look at that GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, as I say, we can do it off-line. As far as the INCIVO milestones are concerned, we did have milestones that were recorded earlier in the year and we actually reversed those at the non-GAAP and I think those were reported if I remember correctly in Q3. And thats why they do not show up in Q4  yeah, the milestone that came in in Q4 was the Mitsubishi milestone and youll see that, that $65 million.
Ted Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray: Yeah. Okay, perfect I appreciate the comments there. And Im looking forward to a good launch for KALYDECO.
Ian Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Matthew Andrews  Wells Fargo: Yeah, good evening. This is Matthew Andrews calling in for Brian. Thank you for taking the question. On Tuesday, you noted that there were 190 patients in the PERSIST long-term follow-up KALYDECO study with about 100 of those being in the U.S. Can you discuss the EAP? How many patients are in that? How many are enrolled in the U.S. and Europe and how quickly the ones that are in the United States could transition over to commercial therapy? Thank you.
Nancy Wysenski: Yeah.
Peter Mueller: So, I think, currently  so thats Peter speaking, Matthew  in the U.S., thats correct. There is currently about 100 patients on that will trickle off in the next  starting Q2 and lasting all into first quarter of 2013. And in Europe, it is set up, for now, sort of as an inpatient program with about 100 patients overall, but theres not 100 on right now. Its about 30 or so. Thats about what we have right now. But we are in negotiations with different countries and to see whether we can reach out there and launch the program.
Matthew Andrews  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ying Huang of Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital: Thank you for taking the question, and congratulations on the quarter. First question  you commented on youre still burning through the warehouse patients from the peg-interferon base. But are you guys seeing actually warehousing of these patients again for the next wave of interferon oral regimen? And if yes, do you actually figure in that when you provided the guidance for $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion this year? And secondly, I have a follow-up on the financials.
Nancy Wysenski: Okay. Let me take the first part of that, Ying. Thats a great question. So, youre right. There are two different issues around warehousing. And the comment that I made earlier when I was trying to explain is that when a patient comes in and a physician decides to treat, they always sort of triage them in their own mind and as they believe that there are new therapies that may come down the road, they begin to add those into their thinking. However, at this point in time, its really too early for us to think about any key quantitative impact from what were seeing in the market. And we believe that if there is any warehousing like that that has occurred, its really very minimal. So, were not very concerned about that at this point and our current view is baked into our guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital: Great, thanks. And then, Ian, I just calculated your cost of goods sold for 4Q, its only 5%. If you look at the whole year 2011, its about 6.7%. When you commented that for 2012 your costs will be consistent to 2011, did you specifically mention that it was closer to the whole year average of 2.7%, or its actually going to be consistent to the 5% you recorded in 4Q here? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Ying, I always appreciate your accuracy of comparing 5% to 6%. I mean internally we are very focused on that, but Im not going to go beyond the comments that I made earlier. I think the past cost of goods line is a pretty good indicator of how 2012 will go as well.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Liisa Bayko of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on a great quarter as well. Can you maybe just talk about  Im just trying to figure out the gross to net adjustment for KALYDECO and then maybe a follow-up question in the same regard is just on changes in stocking that occurred for INCIVEK in the U.S.? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Sure. Ill take the latter first, Liisa, thanks. Which is the stocking between September 30 and December 31, there was minimal change, so there wasnt a change in the levels of inventory at the wholesaler, so, it didnt really have an impact on the revenues that we recorded in the fourth quarter. As far as the gross to net adjustment is concerned on KALYDECO, we explained this on the call the other day which is that this is primarily driven by the split in patients which are either on commercial insurance or supported through the government. We anticipate this market is split 60/40, 60% being commercial insurance and 40% being government and there is minimal discounting, minimal discounting on the commercial side. And on the government side, there is a statutory or mandatory discounting that ranges between 15% and 25%, which will give you an idea of if you blend those patient flows, it will give you an idea of the gross to net adjustment.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: And then how do we think about for KALYDECO, where any payment for free drug or co-pay assistance runs through and what  how do we think about that as a percentage of the cost?
Ian Smith: Its very small.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay.
Ian Smith: Really doesnt impact the  our estimate.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: And just one follow-up if I may, were there  was there any change in patient discontinuations for INCIVEK in the quarter from past? Im just trying to reconcile what the demand looks like from the prescription audit versus what you actually reported?
Nancy Wysenski: We are not aware of any changes at this point in time, Liisa.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Friedman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just two quick ones. The first is, can you let us know gross sales for INCIVEK for the quarter? And then the other is, in the combination CF study that you ran in the past with 809 and 770, could you just describe any PK-related drug-drug interactions between the two drugs?
Ian Smith: So, I actually dont have the gross sales number available, David. But if the question is referring to what was the gross to net discount in the fourth quarter...
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Ian Smith: ...it was slightly above that of the third quarter. It approximated 13%  approximated. The reason why I give that number is it gives you an indication of how we go into 2012. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we anticipate a widening of the gross to net margin. Thats because we have more covered lives with our insurers these days, and were also maybe seeing more flow through the government channel as well. So, I give you as a marker, and as we go into 2012, the gross to net adjustment is built into the guidance we gave of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Peter Mueller: And I might  so, thats Peter speaking. So, with respect to your question of the earlier 770 and 809 study, I think, we didnt release any data around PK in any specificity. However, I want to say, just to remind you, it was a viable regimen. It was safe. It was a safety study. And it basically has proven the concept or at least the mechanism to the point that we saw action on the channel which is basically proof that the target basically gets to the surface and does something. And the chosen dose at those days was maybe not high enough to see a therapeutically relevant outcome. It was sort of borderline. But we will  and thats the part of the cohort II study  investigate different dose regimens in different concentrations and then basically have maybe a better inroad into that patient population.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay. But you cant say whether there is any drug-drug interaction or PK change from 809?
Peter Mueller: David, there is nothing out of the extraordinary and we will study that as we go forward.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marko Kozul of ThinkEquity. Your line is open.
Marko Kozul  ThinkEquity: Hi. Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question and I also echo my congratulations. A few quick cystic fibrosis questions, part A is, if we were to assume encouraging data from cohort II, mid-2012 for the combo KALYDECO with 809, what might Phase 3 designs look like? And part B, you announced I think today the start of the VX-661 KALYDECO study, I was wondering if you could outline its design? Thanks.
Peter Mueller: So, lets assume that data come positive, thats always a good optimistic view. I think we cannot really 100% speculate what the design finally is because it needs regulatory authorities to approve that. We have to have a type C meeting to go into that and those discussions are basically partly ongoing and we will go from there. It is still to be determined how long those studies have to be and how much and how big the safety  the patient populations have to be to require particularly the safety database that is wanted. So, I cant really speculate on that because you have to have on a case-by-case basis a regulatory interaction. And that you have to have that not just in U.S. but also globally. This is a global program and I think we have to align sort of regulatory views in the world and we are currently doing that.
Robert Kauffman: So, in terms of  just one last comment is obviously the endpoints, of course, are likely to be the same as the ones we did for the 770 program. Those are the standard end points. In terms of 661, obviously that program is at an earlier stage and so the study is really looking at 661 individually in homozygous delta F patients and then 661 in combination with KALYDECO in the same patient population. And so, were kind of working our way through the monotherapy part of it and then well be doing some of the combination work.
Peter Mueller: Right. And the data you might expect sort of in the fourth quarter for 661 study in combination or alone with 770.
Marko Kozul  ThinkEquity: And maybe just a quick follow-up, the 661 dose, is that dose escalated as 809 is in the current ongoing combo as well? Thanks.
Robert Kauffman: Yes, well be looking at multiple dose levels of 661 in that study.
Marko Kozul  ThinkEquity: Thanks again for taking the questions.
Michael Partridge: Operator, we have time we think for two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Skorney of Brean Murray. Your line is open.
Daniel Brims  Brean Murray: Hi, yes. This is actually Dan Brims in for Brian today. I have one quick question I think I might have missed it. Did you mention what the gross to net was going to be for KALYDECO as well as what your gross to net is for INCIVEK right now?
Ian Smith: Well, Dan, Ill start with INCIVEK. We gave guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion for 2012, and that incorporates a gross to net adjustment. That is the net INCIVEK revenues. In the fourth quarter, we were at a gross to net adjustment of around 13%. It may widen slightly from there into 2012, but not significantly. As far as the KALYDECO is concerned, the gross to net adjustment is made up of a mix of patients whether theyre commercially insured or supported by the government. On the commercial side, which we anticipate is maybe 60% of the cystic fibrosis patients, the discounting is minimal  really minimal. And then on the government side, there is a  which would be 40% of the patients, there is mandated and statutory discounts and support that is between 15% to 25%. So, Im sure you can do the triangulation from there.
Daniel Brims  Brean Murray: Okay. And one other quick question. With Japan, I guess, youre getting milestones in place of royalties there. What would be triggering those royalties, and when would you  when might you be seeing some of those or those milestones  excuse me?
Ian Smith: So, a while ago  in fact, years ago, the collaboration we struck with Mitsubishi Pharma was actually we did not have royalties once the drug was on the market. It was actually a sales milestone. We received that sales milestone in the fourth quarter of 2011. It was $65 million, and that was recorded in the financial statements of this fourth quarter 2011.
Daniel Brims  Brean Murray: And thats all youre going to be getting from that collaboration then?
Ian Smith: Yes.
Daniel Brims  Brean Murray: Okay. Thank you.
Ian Smith: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George Farmer of Canaccord. Your line is open.
George Farmer  Canaccord: Great, thanks for squeezing me in. I really appreciate it. I was wondering if you could give us any feel for duration of activity youre seeing with KALYDECO, at least without going too much into detail in the PERSIST trial? And do you think that duration can continue on based on what you know now? And also, when do you think youll be able to disclose more about the Alios nucs and Phase 1 trial design? Thanks.
Peter Mueller: So, George, this is Peter speaking, the first is about duration and longevity of the KALYDECO activity and efficacy in patients. As you know, we have patients on trial which is sort of about 60 weeks to 90 weeks. And those are all basically still performing the same way as they did sort of when they kicked in the benefit of the regimen which is sort of after two weeks. So, its a long-lasting type of thing. Anecdotally, we also have patients that we know on KALYDECO now for up to three years and I think  and they are still performing well and actually, you also to look at the other way around. Some of those patients anecdotally had to basically, because of some other circumstances, let out KALYDECO for couple weeks in their regimen because of antibiotic situations and other things. And they deteriorated quickly down to from FAV 92 down to FAV 40 or so or even less. And then when they came back on KALYDECO, theyre basically reaching the high levels again that they had seen sort of beforehand. So, what that tells you is there is a true, long-lasting efficacy of that. I cannot say more than three years but thats for a stage when you launch a product quite an amazing timeframe.
George Farmer  Canaccord: Yes, its wonderful.
Peter Mueller: And I must say there is a high hope that it will last even longer. So, thats  thats to that point so its not like a one day (inaudible) when everything is over. So, its long-lasting, at least in my view. Now the other thing is the Alios compounds. Basically, as Jeff said, we will do a couple of different studies with them. So, there is a G1 population, obviously, the genotype 1A and B, which is sort of the first cohort that we basically look into. Those data you will see in the course of second quarter towards sort of midyear. We also are about to initiating another arm which has pan-genotypic regimens in there, so we will basically evaluate genotype 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and then all those so that we have real data and not just speculations. And then basically we also will look into lets say a combination of each of them with ribavirin and see what that does and this will all come in the course of this year. And you will see it either maybe start the first set of data from our other all-oral regimen which is basically INCIVEK 222 and ribavirin. We might come at that point in time with some data. Well try at least as we are poor data and then as I said midyear, you will see what Alios does. Im really convinced it will be exciting, and then comes ASOD. You have a bunch of other data that will help you to make a good judgment about that program. Im really excited. Those molecules are behaving very well so far, and Im looking forward for a good outcome.
George Farmer  Canaccord: Great. Thanks very much.
Michael Partridge: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate your participating tonight. Well be happy to take additional questions in our offices. Thank you and look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Emmens - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Peter R. Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of the Scientific Advisory Board Nancy J. Wysenski - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Robert Kauffman -  Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew J. Andrews - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Edward A. Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. Third Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Michael Partridge. You may begin.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to Vertex's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Our commercial team has had great success with the launch of INCIVEK combination treatment for people with genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C. After only 5 months into the launch, we have seen rapid adoption of INCIVEK and increasing penetration into the prescriber base. Matt Emmens will kick things off for us today with comments on the importance of the introduction of INCIVEK, what it means for the future of the company and how we are positioned to just maybe develop and commercialize more new medicines like INCIVEK that can cure or significantly improve the treatment of other serious diseases.  Ian will review the financial statement with a particular focus on the revenue stream being generated by INCIVEK, which allows for reinvestment into the business and also creates the potential for significant earnings and cash flows. Nancy will discuss how she and her team are progressing in the early launch and particularly, how the increasing penetration of the prescriber base is important to the adoption of INCIVEK. Nancy will also comment on how we are positioning ourselves to continue to play a major role in the hepatitis C market as it evolves. Dr. Peter Mueller will end the call with a review of the significant progress with the development of our other hepatitis C regimen including the INCIVEK VX-222 combination regimen and the pipeline of other medicines including the recent NDA and MAA submissions of KALYDECO, also known as the VX-770.  KALYDECO is Vertex's second breakthrough oral medicine and is for cystic fibrosis, a genetic disease that affects children and adults. He will also review the recent progression of the VX-509 in rheumatoid arthritis. I will comment that in the weeks ahead, we have data from 3 disease franchises being presented at major medical meetings. First, the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference in Anaheim on November 3 through 5, where we will have Phase III data presented for KALYDECO in the G551D population. We will also have there Phase II data for the KALYDECO VX-809combination in F508 patients.  Then, AASLD, the major liver meeting taking place in San Francisco from November 5 to 8. We will have data there for INCIVEK in patients who are co-infected with HCV and HIV. And also data for our short-duration quad regimen of INCIVEK VX-222, pegylated-interferon and ribavirin.  Finally in Chicago, the American College of Rheumatology Conference, or ACR, taking place from November 5 to 9, will feature the first presentation of data for our selected JAK3 compound, VX-509. We are looking forward to highlighting our robust and diverse pipeline of medicines at these prominent conferences.  After our prepared remarks today, we will be joined by Dr. Bob Kauffman, and we will be happy take your questions. We expect today's call to conclude at 6 p.m.  Finally, let me note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. These statements, including those regarding the market launch of INCIVEK, are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially.  GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our third quarter 2011 financial press release, which is on our website.  Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Matt Emmens.
Matthew Emmens: Thank you, Michael, and good evening, everyone. There are 3 key themes that we want to convey in today's call that we believe are defining our company. First, early INCIVEK revenues are already impressive and we have only just begun to treat the many people living with hepatitis C. Second, Vertex is more than just INCIVEK. We have a diverse and robust pipeline of 8 different medicines in development. And third, we are well along in establishing Vertex as a global health sciences company.  Vertex is fulfilling its mission of bringing transformative medicines to people with serious diseases worldwide. An INCIVEK combination therapy for hepatitis C is now available for patients in multiple countries, including the U.S. and Canada, where we are commercializing the medicine ourselves; 4 countries in Europe, where it is marketed as INCIVO by the Janssen; and Japan, where we'll be sold by Mitsubishi Tanabe under the brand name TELAVIC.  INCIVEK has a compelling profile and many groups across our company have done an outstanding job of understanding the needs of patients and physicians in this market. We believe that we are delivering real solutions for the hepatitis C community. With INCIVEK, we believe we have set a high bar in the treatment of hepatitis C. Our goal is to sustain leadership in this disease. That means continuing the very successful launch of INCIVEK, continuing our efforts to explore new ways of achieving high viral cure rates and further shortening treatment duration, and continuing to improve treatment options and outcomes for people living with hepatitis C.  We are expanding our commercial portfolio rapidly. Just 5 months after the approval of INCIVEK, we have new drug applications under review but global revelatory agents for KALYDECO, our second potential breakthrough medicine. If approved, KALYDECO would be the first medicine to address the underlying cost of cystic fibrosis or CF, a major step for Vertex and the cystic fibrosis community.  I want to recognize the many people at Vertex who have been dedicated to this program for so many years. I also want to thank the CF Foundation, who provided us with early financial support to help advance our research programs. We were able to move forward quickly, thanks to the efforts of many doctors and nurses at CF Centers in the U.S., Europe, Canada and Australia, the families who are touched by this disease every day and most importantly, the children and adults living with cystic fibrosis, who remain ever hopeful that new medicines are just around the corner.  The CF program set the stage for Vertex to become a global company. We're focused on ensuring a successful global launch of KALYDECO. We are putting significant effort into hiring exceptional commercial leaders and therapeutic specialists with experience in CF or other orphan disorders. The CF program is at the sweet spot of Vertex's mission and vision and exemplifies who we are. That as a company committed to taking on the biggest challenges in areas with the greatest need for new, more efficient medicines.  Data from our pivotal studies for KALYDECO validated this scientific hypothesis that the CFTR protein is the right target. This validation makes us optimistic that with continued investment, we will have a good chance of improving the lives of many more people living with this very difficult disease. Breakthrough science is the common thread that leads us to innovative, transformative medicines that can have significant impact on patients' lives. Our broad and diverse pipeline also includes mid-stage opportunities in rheumatoid arthritis, epilepsy and flu. These are areas where we hope to repeat our successes in hepatitis C and CF.  Heading into 2012, we have significant momentum in our business, in commercial development and research, and we will keep investing in areas where we believe we can make important advances in treatments.  Thank you for your time. And I would like to now turn the call over to Ian who will review our third quarter financial results.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Matt, and good evening to everyone. Our financial performance in the third quarter was principally driven by the successful introduction and launch of INCIVEK. We have significant revenues from the sale of INCIVEK and that enabled us to record profitability and cash flow in just our first 4 quarters since the INCIVEK launch. With the continued strong INCIVEK revenues, we can create a financial platform and value creation by reinvesting in our pipeline, as well as generate significant earnings and cash flows.  Let's now turn to the third quarter results. First, total revenues for our third quarter of 2011 were approximately $659 million compared to approximately $24 million in the same quarter last year. The higher revenue in third quarter this year was primarily due to approximately $420 million of net product revenues from INCIVEK, and $200 million of revenues for the achievement of approval and launch milestones for INCIVO in European geographies.  Our third quarter net product revenues of approximately $420 million were derived from gross product revenues of approximately $466 million. In the third quarter, our gross and net adjustment was approximately 10%, similar to what we saw in the second quarter earlier this year. And we expect that the gross to net will widen further as our contracts are signed and as our payor [ph] mix continues to evolve.  The INCIVEK net revenues of $420 million for this quarter includes 2.5 weeks of INCIVEK in the distribution channel at September 30, 2011. As of today's call, this product in the channel has already been sold through. We continue to see and expect to see an average of 2 to 3 weeks of INCIVEK in the distribution channel going forward.  Now to the GAAP and the non-GAAP net income. In the third quarter, due to significant INCIVEK revenues, we achieved profitability on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Specifically, the GAAP net income attributable to Vertex for the third quarter was approximately $221 million or $1.02 per diluted share, compared to a GAAP net loss of approximately $209 million or $1.04 per share for the third quarter of 2010. The GAAP net income includes an intangible asset impairment charge, stock compensation charges and revenues related to INCIVO European milestones. Although we sell future rights to these milestones in 2009, according to GAAP reporting, these payments pass through our income statement and appear as revenues on the collaborative revenues line. In connection with realization of these milestones, we have to record a noncash expense of approximately $11 million and we expect to record an expense in the fourth quarter for approximately $7 million for the closure of this transaction. We recorded all other expenses related to this transaction in prior periods.  Our non-GAAP income attributable to Vertex for the third quarter of 2011 was approximately $151 million or $0.70 per diluted share, compared to a non-GAAP loss of approximately $175 million or $0.87 per share for the third quarter 2010. The non-GAAP financials exclude stock compensation and intangible asset impairment charge and the revenue from INCIVO European milestones.  With respect to the detail of our operating expenses, the increase compared to 2010 was principally driven by the support to launch INCIVEK, EU commercial build for CF and the expansion of the development portfolio. For more information, please refer to our income statement, which can be found in our third quarter press release. The successful launch of INCIVEK has made us cash flow positive for the third quarter and we ended the quarter with approximately $660 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.  Looking now to the remainder of 2011 and 2012, we expect to benefit from the significant INCIVEK revenues and manage total operating expenses for the company with a view to a financial profile to support the planned launch of KALYDECO in 2012 and maintain reinvestments into R& D, while creating future significant earnings. Thank you. And over to you, Nancy.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Thanks again and good evening, everyone. For the next few minutes, I'd like to review with you certain aspects about the launch of INCIVEK, as well as provide some insight into our thoughts in the evolution of hepatitis C treatment. Let's start first with the launch.  I'd like to thank the hundreds of people at Vertex who contributed to the development, distribution and launch of INCIVEK. It's amazing that a group could produce such a phenomenal launch having never worked together in this capacity before. Physicians have been able to prescribe INCIVEK combination therapy to more than 17,000 patients during the first 5 months following approval. The rapid acceptance by physicians and patients is evidenced in the high market share of INCIVEK. INCIVEK profile is compelling for both people with hepatitis C and their doctors. People initiating treatment with INCIVEK include those new to treatment, as well as those previously treated with pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. Our research indicates that 60% to 70% of INCIVEK prescriptions written today represent patients who are new to treatments and many are also fairly early in the course of their disease.  Consistent with the specialist-driven nature of the hepatitis C market, adoption of INCIVEK is highest among gastroenterologists, hepatologist and infectious disease specialists, and the nurse practitioners and physician assistants who work within these practices. However, I would point out that we're also seeing a number of additional prescribers who had not recently been prescribing pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. This is another encouraging sign of acceptance and broadening of the prescriber base.  In terms of payors, we're in the process of contracting with various commercial and government plans and we're pleased with the progress so far. Through recent favorable formulary decisions, our co-pay assistance in 3 drug programs, we continue to ensure broad patient access to INCIVEK. To date, INCIVEK is available on formulary in healthcare plans that represent more than 180 million covered lives in the U.S., following formal drug utilization reviews. That means that more than half the population in the U.S. now has approved access to INCIVEK post-formulary review. Most other patients also have access to INCIVEK but their plans have not yet reviewed the protease inhibitor class of medicines.  Now allow me to dig into some of the specifics of the launch. First, I'd like to briefly describe for you our way of thinking about the hepatitis C market. A common way of understanding treatment behavior is by grouping physicians into deciles or 10 groups based upon how many prescriptions they write. Since the highest prescribers write many more prescriptions, there are far fewer of them in this top decile. For example, historically, there were less than 100 physicians in the top decile who were producing 10% of all hepatitis C prescriptions. On the other hand in the lowest decile, there were more than 2,500 physicians, who wrote the same number of hepatitis C-related prescriptions as those 100 prescribers at the top. Key opinion leaders, many of whom are also involved in clinical trials, typically see the greatest number of people with hepatitis C and are well represented within the top few deciles. Naturally, these physicians possess high awareness of medicines before they launch and this was no different with INCIVEK. Through their understanding of INCIVEK, bolstered by our commercial support after launch, this group of physicians rapidly accept the therapy at a level that has been unprecedented in the treatment of hepatitis C. INCIVEK, therefore, achieved significant penetration in this segment and have built a strong base of prescriptions moving forward.  Based on our research, we believe the high adoption rates and market share in this segment could result in greater acceptance by the other prescribers. As physician behavior in the top decile tend to influence the broader prescribing base. At this time, there are thousands of doctors in the mid to lower deciles who have not yet prescribed any direct acting antiviral and represent future opportunity. Our goal is to continue to educate and engage healthcare providers, who are already prescribing INCIVEK, as well as those in deeper decile. We already have a solid base as INCIVEK performs more strongly than any other PI in each of the 10 deciles. In fact, based on the most recent data, INCIVEK commands more than 70% market share in any decile of prescribers.  Now I'd like to make a comment on how we've seen the launch of INCIVEK progressed from a sales perspective over the past few months using some of our internally-derived data and metrics. I'll refer you to the graph on Slide #24 in our webcast slide deck, which plots our monthly ex-factory sales of INCIVEK through September, together with data that describes wholesale inventory level. I'll make the comment that we've seen continued strong demand so far in October. Following our launch, we saw an extremely rapid take of uptake -- sorry, a rapid uptake of INCIVEK. In fact, for the first few months, it is not only faster than any other medicine launched within the hepatitis C market, it may be one of the strongest launches within pharma in this time frame. In addition, wholesale inventory levels have remained fairly constant at 2.5 weeks since the start of the third quarter. This slide is not intended as a forecast or guidance, and we won't necessarily be providing this level of detail in future quarterly calls. But we thought it was important for you to appreciate some of the key metrics we see at this early stage in the launch.  Now, some thoughts on how we believe hepatitis C treatment will evolve with different combinations of medicines and new regimens. We believe the advancement of hepatitis C treatment will occur in waves, and we intend to continue to provide new options for patients and physicians as treatment evolve. This will be visible in a number of clinical studies that you'll hear more about at this year's AASLD. The initial wave will be built on expanded indications for interferon-based regimens. A second wave will likely feature more powerful direct acting antiviral combination regimens that still include interferon. And a third wave will hopefully offer all oral or interferon-free regimens. We're excited to be developing medicines that may contribute to these future waves of treatment. Each year, during AASLD and other scientific conferences, we get a glimpse into investigational approaches that may benefit patients in the future and this year is no different.  Building upon the strong foundation that the label for INCIVEK already offers, you'll begin to see our plans in the first wave to address patient groups that are considered the most difficult to treat through large, well-controlled randomized trial. One such potential group includes people co-infected with HCV and HIV. Another group is those with recurring hepatitis C, following liver transplantation. Peter will tell you more about this in just a few moments.  Relevant to the second wave at this year's double AASLD, we'll show SVR data from the ZENITH trial, investigating our quad regimens. ZENITH explores the use of INCIVEK VX-222 and pegylated-interferon with ribavirin to shorten the duration of therapy for patients even further. In addition to helping people who are new to treatment, this quad regimen could also help patients whose hepatitis C is considered difficult to treat, including null and cirrhotics. You'll also hear about our trial with the INCIVEK, pegylated-interferon and ribavirin in patients with the CC genotype, known as IL28B, who may have the potential for total treatment duration of 12 weeks. These individuals represent approximately 1/3 of the treatment nave group. But we're not stopping there.  As we look further into the future, our strategy is to develop all oral, interferon-free regimens for the third wave in the second half of this decade. Soon, we'll see results from an all-oral regimen of INCIVEK with VX-222 and ribavirin, as well as steps we're making to add our elionukes [ph] into the mix and again, Peter will address this in a moment.  Now I'd like to turn your attention to our next commercial program, which is in cystic fibrosis. This is an orphan disease affecting approximately 70,000 children and adults in North America and Europe. Earlier this year, we began building the global infrastructure to prepare for the launch of KALYDECO, previously known as VX-770, including the establishment of our European headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. We carefully built the commercial team when we launched INCIVEK, focusing on the needs of healthcare providers and people with hepatitis C. Now, we're refining this model to support the launch of KALYDECO, taking into account the unique needs of people with cystic fibrosis. This model will focus on building a long-term relationship with the cystic fibrosis community.  In Phase III registration studies, KALYDECO showed rapid, significant and sustained improvements across a variety of disease measures, including lung function in people aged 6 and older with the G551D mutation. KALYDECO was intended to provide patients with a twice daily oral medicine to be used with their current medications. It's the first medicine of its kind to target the underlying cause of CF. Physicians have made great strides over the years in treating CF with the current medicines and they have improved treatment and care for people living with cystic fibrosis. However, these therapies treat only the symptoms of the disease and its complication. We're hopeful that KALYDECO, if approved, will build upon the treatment regimen that physicians are already using to offer a significant benefit for the people with cystic fibrosis.  So let's look for a moment at the CF market that we hope to address with KALYDECO. There are approximately 1,000 people in the U.S. and Canada who have the G551D mutation on at least one allele and who are also 6 years old or older. In Europe, we estimate approximately 1,000 people with the G551D or other dating mutation who are 6 years old or older, consistent with our MAA submission. Assuming KALYDECO is approved, we'll be providing financial and other support services in order to help patients and their caregivers before and during treatments. The Vertex team who will lead these efforts will make information about CF as a disease, KALYDECO, reimbursement and support services available to the CF community. I'll share more about these programs following approval.  We're in a unique position and feel a great sense of responsibility in launching KALYDECO. There are several areas where we're focusing our attention today to ensure that we get it right. This includes understanding and establishing the value of KALYDECO, as well as focusing on educating the community on the importance of each person knowing their genotype. In this way, we can be sure that KALYDECO can be prescribed for the right patient. We have a lot to do and we'll be ready.  Thank you. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter R. Mueller: Thank you Nancy, and hello to everyone listening to today's call. Vertexs approach to serious diseases had yielded to a transformative medicine in 2 distinct disease areas, hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis and a pipeline of opportunities. Our pipeline is a direct consequence of the innovative approach we take in R&D. Mainly, we have the willingness and passion to tackle the toughest diseases and we don't and we won't develop mutual medicines. We seek to understand the complexity of disease pathology first and then let the signs lead the way. I think this is pretty unique and it makes me optimistic about what we can do beyond INCIVEK and KALYDECO to transform the treatment of serious diseases. I'll start today with a review of our hepatitis C program.  INCIVEK combination therapy, as Matt noted, is now available in multiple countries. With INCIVEK entering the markets so successfully, it's obvious that we are now looking to expand the label of INCIVEK combination therapy and, therefore, broaden the patient population that may have the opportunity for INCIVEK. We have several trials on the way and planned. These trials include: First, the concise trial which a Phase IIIb study that will evaluate the potential of INCIVEK combination therapy to be shortened to a total of 12 weeks in some patients. The concise trial will enroll approximately 350 genotype 1 hepatitis C patients, who have the CC variation near the IL28B gene. This study began this week and is evaluating twice daily dosing of INCIVEK.  Second, our Phase II HCV HIV co-infection study. Data from this study will be presented at AASLD next week. We will use what we learned from the study to inform the design of a pivotal co-infection study plan for later this year in approximately 150 people with HCV, HIV co-infection, and certainly, a Phase IIb study evaluating approximately 80 genotype 1 patients with recurring hepatitis C following a liver transplant. We expect to begin this study also by the end of 2011.  As you might expect, to sustain our leadership role in hepatitis C beyond our INCIVEK combination medicine, we do intently continue to explore additional new and improved treatment regimens allowing potentially for higher cure rates, shorter treatment durations, improved tolerability, higher compliance, increased convenience and eventually, be all oral. In this context, I want to focus your attention to the ZENITH study.  This study is investigating the potential of two 4-drug or quad arms of VX-222 and INCIVEK with pegylated-interferon and ribavirin to raise SVR rates and shortened treatment duration to as few as 12 and no more than 24 weeks for people with genotype 1 hepatitis C. This study also includes 2 arms evaluating on all oral 3-drug regimen of VX-222, INCIVEK and ribavirin. During the third quarter, I'm pleased to announce that we completed enrollment of the 2 all oral arms and we are nearing the point where all patients will reach the week 12 oral treatment end point of the study. The study is progressing well and to date, neither arm has met stopping criteria with respect to safety of our breakthrough. We expect to have end of treatment data from these arms early next year.  Beyond the ZENITH trial, we are planning additional studies, aimed at creating an all oral short-duration regimen with high viral cure rate. As part of this strategy, earlier this year, we licensed 2 nuclear site compounds, ALS-2200 and ALS-2158 from Alios BioPharma. Based on impressive in vitro data, we have an opportunity here with these medicines in combination with INCIVEK and/or VX-222 to explore and develop several highly-potent all oral combination regimen for hepatitis C. We continue to work with Alios to initiate first in human trials later this year with ALS-2200, followed up by a study of ALS-2151 (sic) [ALS-2158] in early 2012.  Turning now to our second disease area, our CF program. We are fully committed to driving forward this program with the goal of treating many patients with this life threatening disease. As you know, we submitted the NDA for KALYDECO last week, seeking approval for this medicine in the U.S. for a subset of people aged 6 and older with the G551D mutation. The MAA has also been submitted in Europe. The MAA was submitted for approval of people with the G551D mutation, as well as those with other dating mutation. Data from our Phase III program that supported our global regulatory submission will be presented by leading CF physicians at the North American CF Conference next week.  Early treatment of people with cystic fibrosis is of utmost importance and we have designed a Phase II study to evaluate KALYDECO dose as mild therapy in young children with the G551D mutation, ages 2 to 5 years old. We have developed the pediatric formulation for this age group and are looking forward to initiating this study in 2012. The next stage of development for KALYDECO monotherapy is to initiate studies in people with CFTR mutations other than G551D, for which literature or our own research show the potential to significantly increase CFTR function with KALYDECO.  We are in discussions with global regulatory agencies about innovative clinical strategies to move forward. We anticipate that these studies will also explore biomarkers that correlate this clinical benefit. We will have more to say about these studies as our discussions evolved with regulators and the studies get under way, which is expected in 2012.  Everyone working on behalf of Vertex has a shared vision in what we are trying to do here. For us, it is not about simply making another medicine. It's something we feel deeply committed to, personally and professionally. We see the same passion in the healthcare providers in the areas where we specialize. As such, KALYDECO is just the start and we feel a real sense of responsibility to develop medicines that can treat many more patients with cystic fibrosis. From the beginning of our cystic fibrosis program, we have focused on ways to improve the lives of people with the most common CFTR mutation, the F508 Delta mutation. These patients have minimal CFTR function and we believe the best approach is based on a therapy called the corrector. We have 2 correctors in development: VX-809 and VX-661.  Today, we announced that we have initiated Part II of our Phase II study of VX-809 in combination with KALYDECO. Our trial will be geared towards identifying the right dose range for the corrector potential combination and we'll evaluate higher doses of VX-809 monotherapy for 4 weeks, followed by KALYDECO dose in combination with VX-809 for another 4 weeks. This study will measure sweat chloride, APB1 [ph] and safety, as well as other markers of clinical activity in about 100 patients with cystic fibrosis with either 1 or 2 copies of the F508 Delta mutation.  For VX-661, we are currently working with regulators on the design of our Phase II study to evaluate monotherapy followed by dosing of VX-661 in combination. Our goal of the Phase II study of VX-809 combination therapy and the Phase II study with VX-661 is to generate sufficient data by the second half of 2012 to better inform us how to best -- to move forward in later stage clinical trials.  Turning now to our third and emerging disease area of inflammatory disorders. Specifically, our selective oral JAK3 inhibitor VX-509. In September, we announced top line clinical data from our Phase II proof of concept study in rheumatoid arthritis in which VX-509 showed significant clinical benefit in people with rheumatoid arthritis as measured by ACR20, ACR50 and ACR70 scores. We are also encouraged by the DAF scores, which showed that 35% of people in the 100-milligram treatment arm and 37% of people in the 150-milligram treatment arm experienced a clinical remission. This data have been accepted as a late-breaker poster at the upcoming ACR conference in Chicago next week. Based on these data, in the first quarter of 2012, we expect to begin a 6-month Phase IIb study of the VX-509 in combination with methotrexate that will enroll about 350 people with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis despite stable methotrexate therapy.  All together, we have 8 medicines in development including those that I have already covered. And I will close therefore, on a brief update on VX-765 for epilepsy and VX-787 for flu. VX-765 is on track to begin a Phase IIb study in approximately 400 patients with treatment-resistant epilepsy by the end of this year. VX-765 is an anti-inflammatory medicine that works by modifying interleukin mediated immune responses and is designed to keep people who do not respond to standard treatments for epilepsy and who are often severely debilitated by frequent seizures daily. We are looking forward to get into Phase IIb study under way and learning more about the potential of this medicine in the course of next year. For VX-787, in the third quarter, we initiated a Phase I trial in healthy volunteers and we plan to start a proof of concept Phase II trials by mid-2012.  As you have just heard, we have a lot going on in R&D. We are confident in our approach to tackling diseases that have historically been considered among the most difficult to treat and look forward to keeping you updated on the progress in our pipeline. We hope to bring more medicines like INCIVEK to people living with serious diseases.  And I want to thank you now and pass it to Michael.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Peter. This now concludes our prepared remarks and we'd now like to open the call up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Geoff Porges from Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I just want to ask a couple of questions. First, on gross margin, you've got just the royalty showing in the gross margin now. How long before that goes up to a more normalized level and what might it look like? And then the patient number looks as though it was flat in October versus September. Can you tell us what you're seeing as the month has progressed? Is the genuine close to in-patients? And then lastly for Nancy, there are a lot of papers we saw on the sidelines here, or are we seeing some sort of a slowing down of the accumulation of patients, and what proportion do you think we're really tackling in terms of the addressable market right now?
Ian F. Smith: Jeff, I'll take the first one, which is, you're asking about the gross to net adjustment, which this quarter was approximately 10% and that's consistent with the second quarter. As we start to put up contracts and the formal registrations are made and that channel comes online, we do expect that gross to net adjustment to start to widen. We don't anticipate a significant change in the fourth quarter, although they should start to widen. But as we get into 2012 and probably a bit 2012, we expect it to be starting to get towards a more normal state.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Ian, I'm sorry. I don't know whether that was my accent or your accent but I meant gross margin not gross to net.
Ian F. Smith: You mean as far as -- well, let's just be capital on the definition. Gross margin in terms of revenues, cost of products and...
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes, the cost of products. You're right now only reflecting royalties. But presumably at some point, you're actually going to reflect through manufacturing costs. When might that be and what it will look like?
Ian F. Smith: Yes. We expect to get to a more normal gross margin, probably about 18 months following launch, given the amount of inventory we built to be ready for launch. The more normal gross margin would be close to normal pharmaceutical margins of around 90%. You would then have to add on to the product royalties.
Nancy J. Wysenski: So, Jeff, to your question. I wasn't exactly crisp on what the first piece of it was. I think talking about patients, we continue to see new patients coming into therapy every week as we stated. We're above 17,000 now. And in terms of prescribers, at this point, we're seeing between 100 and 150 new physicians prescribing INCIVEK for the first time each week. And that's more than double rate for any of the other compounds that are competing out there. So I think you'll agree that, that uptake rate is ahead of any of the other launches in this market. Only thing I'd say is you look at that and you add in a constant wholesale inventory fairly constant between 2 and 2.5 weeks for the last 6 or 7 weeks, and you can come to your own conclusion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rachel McMinn from Bank of America.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, I wanted to ask a little bit more about that one slide, but I think it's going to be the focus of everyone's attention, the 40 million to 45 million in weekly sales. Is that -- I guess, how are we supposed to look at that? I guess, first question is, is that a growth sales or net sales number? And then, I guess, as we think about that for 4Q, I mean, are we talking about $560 million in revenues if we just kind of use that as a 13-week number? Do we think about $2.3 billion in 2012 sales? I'm just trying to understand what -- I guess, first question and then the next the last question on this is there was -- it was pretty flat between September and October, so what do you think the barriers are to increased growth beyond what you're seeing in October?
Ian F. Smith: Rachel, thanks for the questions. A lot of questions in there. First of all, let me give you the basis of the data in the chart and then you can use the data as you wish. It is actually net revenues that we record. And to develop it that way, you'll actually be able to do is take the quarters with the revenues and you'll be able to actually calculate back and you'll get approximately $420 million of net revenues. It is calculated as taking the months with the net revenues and then averaging out weekly net revenue for that month. So you will find that it does equate back to our net revenue line in our income statement appropriately so. Now, as far as, should you then take the number that's between 40 million and 45 million in September and October and translate that through to both November and December? I'll leave that for you to do a forecast. It's not intended as a forecast. The reason we put this slide up was to get people -- to help people get an understanding of the high volume of patients that are actually being treated. The high volume of scripts that are being written by prescribers. Our feeling has been that this is not always been tracked the way that we're tracking it internally. And we believe that we have the most accurate internal metrics of how this launch is going, and we believe that, that's revenues and looking at the inventory and the channel because we monitor that on a daily basis. And so we wanted to put -- give people an idea of where this launch currently stands. And I think the best way to do that is on the revenues, and Nancy will make a comment as to how we look at the future from that.
Nancy J. Wysenski: In response to the chart, Rachel, I think you're noticing that the rate of growth has changed. But I think that's more a reflection of the exceptionally quick ramp early in the launch. There are further opportunities for penetration into this market. There are many more patients to treat, and we are going to continue to do everything we're doing with a highly effective sales team to target those prescribers in that patient base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you guys think you have the appropriate size sales force to maybe target the rest of the prescriber base as you kind of broaden your reach. And then just had one question on this cystic fibrosis program as well. Was wondering, I know in the first part of the combo trial of 508 and going after 508 patients, you're looking homozygous patients. But I noticed in part 2, you're going after both homozygous at heterozygous patients. I'm just wondering for the reason and the change there?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Terence, maybe I'll go first. This is Nancy. In the question about the sales force. I think our commercial strategy right out of the gate was absolutely the right one and that was that we had an appropriately sized sales force and let's remind everyone, we are up against 2 companies, not 1. We focused on the KOL and the top prescribers. And we know that those behaviors, that they generate, influence people who are prescribing into deeper deciles. We also know that the top half of physicians generate 90% of the prescriptions. And those are the physicians we're targeting on from the very top of that list and down. Now, in response to what we saw as additional prescribers who I mentioned that hadn't been in the market in the recent past in the last year or 2 and in response to the fact that now we're starting to really get into some pull through that we've got half of those covered lives past the formulary decision, we are likely to make a minor adjustment and add a few people here and there as we find where we could use a little more backup.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll take the second part of the question about CF. So yes you're right. We studied homozygous patients first in the 509 -- in the 809 study, I'm sorry, because it was a homogenous population and because all the CFTR in that case is of the same type, carries all the same mutant protein. Obviously, that's 40% of the population. However, there's a large group of patients out there who are heterozygotes. They're a little bit more heterogenous because they have another gene on the other allele. And it's important as we think about Phase III and what populations we would want to study to get an understanding of what the effect of the combination treatment in heterozygous is and that's why it was added into the second cohort kind of looking ahead to where we will ultimately want to be obviously in the market and also for the studies, of course.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And will 551D patients be excluded, patients who have 551D on the other allele?
Robert Kauffman: Yes. Of course, they would because they would obviously respond to 77D [ph] and, of course, and many of those patients are already in our trial. The addressable populations are already in our trials, so there aren't too many of those out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Meacham from JP Morgan.
Geoffrey C Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a couple of questions for you guys on CF. So you're studying in Delta F. Different doses and durations for the combo, but how do you think a larger study will be designed and as response to that is something that you think they said is really feasible for registration type of study? And I have one follow up.
Robert Kauffman: In terms of how we go forward, we obviously have to see the results of the current trial before we can design the next one and that's obviously what we're trying to do. I think the issue of response guided therapy will depend on our analysis of the data that we're getting. Part of our goal is to collect information to allow us to decide whether there are response markers that we can use to identify responsive patients. And that's the goal of the next trial. It wouldn't speculate as to whether it would -- whether there's regulatory utility would be until we actually see the strength of the data and make a determination of that.
Geoffrey C Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And just from a reimbursement perspective, is -- one of your initial discussions revealed for the core G551D patients and do you get the sense there's a worry from insurance companies about all possible use in Delta F or getting new patients or is there more flexibility given the orphan disease?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Orphan diseases and ultra orphan diseases particularly as we will initially be entering command prices in the range of rare diseases. And I would think because of that, the managed care community is going to be a little bit careful about what they will reimburse for. But you have to balance that with the fact that these are kids who are really, really suffering from a debilitating disease, and we've got really profound data to show what it can do to change their lives.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of questions, maybe for Nancy. Number one, are you surprised that, I think, unless I -- please correct me if I miss -- if I heard incorrectly any things, but are you surprised that the majority of patients coming on to INCIVEK are naives? And then related to that, if we could drill on to the refractory population -- I remember prelaunch for many years, there was a lot of discussion around the size of a quote refractory warehouse of patients. I sort of figure between 100,000 and 300,000 patients are out there that had been treated before and had failed. And you're telling us only 17,000 patients so far have been treated with INCIVEK. So A, why wouldn't there just be a massive acceleration into that warehouse? And B, the deciles that you talked about, are they the same when you look at the naive population versus that warehoused population? Or is -- are the doctors the same or would those deciles look different?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Okay. Well, first of all, thank you, Mark, and everyone who's already said congratulations. We really appreciate that. It feels good. Let me see if I can get all of those questions you had. I'll start with the last one first. And that is although perhaps the top decile physicians might be likely to see a group of patients who are a little more skewed toward the difficult to treat. And, therefore, they may be seeing more of the retreat patients or I think where you're going with the warehousing, the more difficult to treat patients. You might make that assumption, but it's really a guess because to my knowledge, we have never measured that and there are no data sources for that. That would require a proprietary one-off study. On to the naives. I think the right of patient uptake is reflective of a balance that, yes, goes a little bit more towards naives than we had originally thought. And so it isn't that the retreated or more serious patients aren't there in the mix. It's just that this is such great news that not only patients but physicians who hadn't been treating or rejoining. And we hear physicians telling us that patients are just showing up. So what that means in terms of your other questions about massive acceleration into that warehouse, it's not quite that plan full a process. Each office comes up with their own approach, and I've really only heard of one, yes, one academic practice in the entire United States that went through a very formal thought-provoking process to call patients back. Otherwise, it's sort of a mix of who happens to be on recall, which patients are aggressive about calling in and I think the patients who know they've got a great shot at being cured with new therapy are likely to put more pressure and come in early and that's likely what we're seeing.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: May I ask one follow up?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Sure.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Do you have -- updated the estimates as to [indiscernible] of that refractory warehouse? And within that group, how many are addressable, meaning accessible?
Nancy J. Wysenski: I do not have an updated size of the warehouse, but I can tell you that the patients are coming in fast and furious. And there -- more and more physicians are stepping up to treat them. And we can't keep up with new patient kits.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I have a couple of questions sort of to follow on Mark's questions. So help us understand maybe just a little bit. What are you seeing in terms of we've been hearing a lot on whether practices actually have enough capacity to treat these patients? And what are you seeing maybe in your top deciles versus sort of the lower deciles in terms of their capacity? And then I have a follow-up also.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Thanks. That's a great question, and we actually have done a little mini survey to look at that. And as you might imagine, the people who are most known for being the really experienced treaters where we went first to get their support, their practices in some cases are filling up. Now, it's less than half but I would think that it skewed a little bit towards the highest prescribers because they're known hepatology centers. There is still capacity. I would remind you again in the other offices and in deeper deciles and in those new physician offices who are coming back to prescribe again or deciding to prescribe for the first time. And a lot of offices who are feeling the crush of that demand from the patient side are adding new staff, et cetera. So each practice adjusts it a little differently, and I would say that's a great challenge to have.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then let me ask you, in terms of -- and that's very useful. About 8 years ago, it was taught that about 100,000 patients or 120,000 patients came on therapy, and let's say, about 75% of those have genotype 1. I mean, do you think that this time around, we're going to get to the same patient number? Is there going to be higher or maybe perhaps it's going to be lower this time since your drugs are a little bit more difficult to use and it's going to take longer to treat them? Do you have any thoughts about that?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yaron, I think that if you laid out either the number of prescribers and how fast they're coming online to use INCIVEK -- and, by the way, there's another drug so they're adding some more effort here, right? But just INCIVEK alone, and/or you look at the rate of uptake of INCIVEK, it far outpaces what we saw when the pegylated interferons were launched. So I have no reason to be concerned about that.
Matthew Emmens: And as far as the difficulty to use this regimen, that has not been an issue whatsoever in the physician selections at the rates that you're seeing. I don't understand the question.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The question really has to do with what -- it's not just the ramp. It's sort of the amplitude of how many patients are going to come on therapy, and they're going to be treated at any one time.
Matthew Emmens: There's no survey of patients. You really don't -- we know how many patients are infected. And we took a guess at how many patients are out there. And you can see by the sales that a heck of a lot of patients are showing up. And yes, some of the tough prescribers, they're at a flow rate that they want to be after we have a whole bunch of physicians to go, so we're going to go after that business.
Peter R. Mueller: I just add to your point about usage of the drug in the physician's office. One thing that comes back constantly from the field is bio cure. It came back to our clinical trial at the importance of maintaining a high viral cure. So we cant comment on the use of the drug, viral cure in potentially 80% of patients to go on therapy, have a chance of a cure. That drives the rapid uptake of INCIVEK.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You mentioned there's another drug out there? I didn't hear about it.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Okay, never mind.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Actually, just a follow-up to Yaron's question. Nancy, when you're answering his question, you mentioned that some of the high prescribers are undertaking efforts to hire new staff. Can you talk a little bit about what you guys do to facilitate that process? And is there a pharmacoeconomic case that can maybe made of -- maybe more specifically, the economic case that can be made for the physicians where adding that staff is actually possible for their practices?
Nancy J. Wysenski: I think that's an economic situation that each physician have to look at. It probably becomes more relevant when you look at all of the specialties, a center offers and they want to be seen as a liver center and they, therefore, want to be able to really give great effective treatment for the HCV patients along with other issues. Your other question was about bringing staff on. They used to do things like that years ago. It's really not allowed anymore. It is no longer considered a compliance practice. And that is not a strategy that we're pursuing.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one clarification. When you're answering Yaron's question, you said about half of physicians are seeing a capacity issue. I wasn't clear if those half of the top decile physicians or half of physicians overall?
Nancy J. Wysenski: No, no, no. What I said was it's less than half of the physicians that have any kind of complaints or issue about capacity constraints. But that one might logically go to the next step where the largest practices that are best known had an aggressive flow of patients, and I think those are oftentimes the physicians we all go to for opinions. So there is plenty of capacity left. There are plenty of patients lining up. And as I said, I think this is a great challenge for us to continue to face with our sales force who's done a great job to this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, make sure I heard it correctly. Did Peter say that in Europe, KALYDECO was filed for G551D and other activating mutations?
Peter R. Mueller: Yes, Howard, that's true. The submission in Europe based on discussions we had over there with several regulatory agencies and arbiters was basically sent in by covering 551D and the other gating mutations.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And, Nancy -- I think it was Nancy who mentioned Wave II. Can you talk about when you might be able to start Phase III for your quad and what data you need to make that decision?
Peter R. Mueller: So -- oh, I'm sorry.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. So obviously, we're going to be looking at the results of the current study, the results of which are going to be presented at the AASLD Meeting next week. We're really considering that and we'll be formulating a plan and going to the regulatory agencies likely within the next couple of months and hope to have a registration strategy within that timeframe.
Peter R. Mueller: On top of that, Howard, there is also something we have to consider at the [indiscernible] that comes in the mix and to when we have beginning of next year data that might actually also influence how we develop the entire thing forward. We really want to keep your attention on [indiscernible], too, because so far, as I said, it's going nicely and well, and we will have patients at the 12th retreatment point in a couple of weeks from now. And this is something you should not forget.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Tenthoff from Piper Jaffray.
Edward A. Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just one kind of a quick question, if I may. Have you heard of cases of either death from anemia in [indiscernible] patients or any cases of Steven Johnson syndrome that have popped up?
Robert Kauffman: So -- this is Bob, I'll take that one. We obviously can't -- we can't really comment on specific cases. I'll just say that, obviously, we appreciated our responsibilities for monitoring safety very aggressively during the launch, and we have a very intensive post-marketing surveillance system. We're looking at that very carefully. At this point, all I can say is that the safety profile we're seeing post launch is consistent with the profile that's in our label. And beyond that, I'm just not able to comment on any specific cases.
Edward A. Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, great, I appreciate that. And I have heard the feedbacks of the training programs are going well, so I do appreciate the effort that you guys are making there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Friedman from Morgan Stanley.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The question is about the average weekly INCIVEK revenue chart, and the first question is it seems like the chart includes stocking revenue. Are there figures on average weekly that you could give x inventory? And then the other question is, as you look week to week with your data that you guys have access to that we don't, how does that compare to what you see in IMS? Is there a consistent delta between the 2? Or is it more variable?
Ian F. Smith: So let me just -- a number of questions there, Dave. And maybe Nancy will help me out as well with a final piece of IMS as well. But as far as the chart is concerned, the key numbers that I think you're focusing on is both Q3 and then October. Through that period, the inventory in the channel stayed at 2.5 weeks. So it's not really affecting our net revenues that we're reporting. There is some slight growth, but it's really not having a significant effect given that the inventory and the channel is spinning very quickly as -- in 2.5 weeks, it sits there and then it gets out to the pharmacist and to the patients. So the inventory holding period, because of the gravity of the holding period, really isn't having an effect. So what we tried to show in this chart was a couple of things, and this maybe when this went up so take up from as well. But it is that the inventory holding period is flat through the Q3 where we've recorded these significant revenues. It remained flat into October as well, the inventory holding period. And then we're still recording this significant level of revenues on an average weekly basis, which for September and October, was between $40 million and $45 million. So it helps you understand the, to use a financial term, run rate of the revenues that we're recording at this point and which is the measure of the number of patients we're treating. The reason we did put this chart up is that all of our internal metrics of measuring this launch, including our financial statement, suggest that we are treating many more patients than might be tracked on some other sources. And we felt it was appropriate to address that. I don't know whether Nancy has a...
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes. So, David, I really don't want to talk specifically to IMS. That's not what I'm here for. I think you should refer to the 3 product bulletins that they have issued within the last 3 weeks. And I would also remind you that most of the data that many of you are using are the NPA data and they only represent retail sales.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I guess, just back sort of to -- in your comments, if I could quickly, if you look from 1Q -- or sorry, sorry, the first true-up sale. So 2Q, the inventory build was $37.5 million and you said that's sort of 2 to 3 weeks. And so that was about $15 million a week implied. So it would seem like there would be sort of a onetime buildup to get to a higher run rate that would have been captured in 3Q. Is that not correct or?
Ian F. Smith: We can talk about this offline, David. The second quarter inventory build is all about filling the channel, so you can get the product to the patient as quickly as possible. That's all about launch, and that's very typical as I'm sure you're aware. The key part of this graph is more about the third quarter and then into current day as recently as just the end of last week, where we've seen the inventory levels start to stabilize as our wholesalers get a very good understanding of how to send the product to the pharmacy. So the fact that the wholesaler is understanding now that how to stop the inventory and that maintaining 2 to 3 weeks of inventory is the key part of this chart. It's less about that initial piece at the beginning, which is atypical for stocking.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew J. Andrews - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is Matthew Andrews calling in for Brian. Thanks for taking the questions. Can you give us any sort of sense on what you're seeing in terms of the first and second refills for INCIVEK? Is it consistent with the compliance rate you've seen in the Phase III studies?
Nancy J. Wysenski: That's a great question, Matthew, and it's a little early. We're just starting to get early samplings of those data. It's small, but what we've seen suggests that it's consistent with what occurred in our clinical trials.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Kantor from RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm a little confused by these lower decile prescribers. Are they, in fact, still prescribing 2 drug regimens? Or are they just not treating anyone at this point? And I think you said you are adding 100 to 152 -- 200 to 250 new docs per week. I think where do you think that trajectory maxes out? And over what period of time do you think you're going to be penetrating some of the lower decile prescribers?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes. So let me say if, again, I can be more clear about that. There are about -- and every company cuts this a little differently, but we believe there are about 8,000 prescribers out there who, historically looking at pegylated interferon and ribavirin, were using some amount. If you took those 8,000 prescribers and cut it in half, the top 4,000 wrote 80-some percent of the prescriptions, 85% approximately, okay? So, I guess, the point I'm trying to make on that one, Jason, is just the people say, well -- some people here, well, you haven't called on this doctor, that doctor, well, that's a good thing because you want to start with the most prolific writers up in that top decile where you can get a huge stream of prescriptions going, and they will also influence the people deeper in those deciles. So I'm just trying to encourage people to think about that it's not a straight run rate. This isn't a doctor for a doctor. Sometimes we're comparing your kitchen faucet in a stream of water that comes out of that at the bottom with what you see when a fire hydrant is flushed in the top decile.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Right, but you're suggesting that these top decile, at least not nearly at the top 4,000 but something about that, are -- had a lot of built-up demand. We're expecting it and, in some cases, are running it at full capacity whereas perhaps some of these others haven't come online yet. So in terms of the incremental growth, it seems that a lot of that is in these new docs that you're targeting.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Okay. Let me give you a couple more numbers that should help with that. Of those 4,000 prescriptions -- I'm sorry, 4,000 physicians who write 85% of the prescriptions, right? At least -- or we're approaching just about half of them have now written at least one prescription for INCIVEK. That's the hardest thing as getting somebody to try the drug the first time, right? So that's pretty aggressive penetration 4, 4.5 months into a launch. The other way that we look at this -- so is there more opportunity? Yes. But the other way we look at this is we look at how many physicians in each of those deciles have written for your drug at least one prescription. And I can tell you that when we do that, the number for the top decile is the highest percentage. And literally, it goes down like you couldn't have planned it anymore beautifully to in the 20% range at the bottom, and it's up in the mid-to-high 80s at the top. That's exactly the way you want to do it. So we've gotten the biggest bang for the buck out of the gate, but there is more usage out there yet that we'll be continuing to pursue throughout the coming months.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, but one last question. So the people who aren't prescribing either your drug or Merck's drug, are there -- are people actually starting patients without [indiscernible] at this point? I mean, that seems almost crazy.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes, that's a great question, Jason. And yes, there are because we don't have indications for the co-infected patients yet for liver transplant, so they're always going to be imminent, so we get additional expanded labels. There are always going to be some physicians who are prescribing that. And it's also hard to tell how much of the total prescription usage that is still in that -- the old standard of care. It's just the patients who started earlier, and they're just still finishing out because it takes some year to get through the therapy.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It's also a phenomenon and is kind of interesting in that when you -- even if you're a teaching physicians or an influencer or one of these top prescribers as many of them will try a drug for a wide and see how to response it until they put more patients on it. That phenomenon is probably -- has not happened yet. That's generally 6 months -- that's 6 months to a year out when you see that happened. That's in most markets -- I'm not predicting this one, but most -- if you talk to physicians, they'll often say I want to give it a try in so many patients [indiscernible] clinical trial so to speak.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So, Nancy, you mentioned that you're seeing prescribers new to hepatitis C, and can you say what proportion of INCIVEK volumes are being written by those physicians new to hep C? And then, Bob, when you think about this 770, 809 trial, the Part 2 of this trial, are you confident that the treatment duration is sufficient enough to see a difference in bone function secondary endpoint? Feedback we've heard from docs is that maybe 2 months treatment might give a better shot of seeing an FEV1, but is that -- do you think that that's right? And is that something to take issue with?
Nancy J. Wysenski: Let me get the easy question out of the way. When I talk about prescribers who haven't been historically prescribing, they're not necessarily new to this. They might just not have written for the last couple of years. Sometimes that's because they know there are new therapies coming. So they're not brand-new to HCV. They just hadn't written in the last year or 2. And there -- I can tell you there are about 500 of them. And they write a low volume of prescriptions. So they're people who are just sort of dabbling and coming back in because they -- I'm assuming because they see advances and a new opportunity, and now I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter R. Mueller: So the question about response and the length of treatment in combinations, I would say when you go back, I think what you normally see is -- for a single regiment corrector, I think we have data for 809 that shows that in the course of 4 weeks, you basically can see a sophisticated significant difference in FEV but also in some of those, let's say, response markets that [indiscernible] come to investigate as sweat chloride is one of them and maybe LCI is another one and so on. So I think this is practically driven by our earlier 809s that is very conceited. In terms of the potentiation, when you go in the combination mix, I think potentiation is a shorter-term type of a response because you basically potentiate with this already out there on the surface. And I think we believe that you also there, in a 4 weeks period, will see a substantial difference if it is really working out. It's all driven by the right exposure levels that you have to have for both compounds in the right target organs, and I think that the reason why we do those range filing is to figure out how the load works.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Did you expect the results of the studies to essentially give you a proof of concept because it sounds like it's a relatively short duration without necessarily having optimized dose?
Peter R. Mueller: [Indiscernible] at least, I would say that. A proof of concept is more linked to a therapeutic long-term value. It could come out that right, but I think it needs to be seen.
Operator: And our last question comes from Katherine Xu from William Blair.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just curious, Peter or Bob, can you describe the profile differences between 809 and the 661?
Peter R. Mueller: Yes, I can. So that's -- so both of them are basically molecules, number one, that are in the same class of correctors and defined basically to the same side of CFTR. So I think from that point of view, they are identical. The difference is patient penetration on the one hand, so 661 has a higher patient penetration in animals, into tissues of relevance [ph], like lung, and you have -- potentially, if that holds through with patients, which we don't know yet, a [indiscernible] higher chance of penetration, which could impact the therapeutic benefit if it ever comes to that point. That's one of the things we've included [ph] to go on the other side, which will lower dose regimen, which will basically make the pulse [ph] more and the compliant of the provisions of the entire thing better. That's the one thing. The other thing is half-life of 661 is substantially different from 809. It has a longer half-life, and that gives at least an option for once a day if you ever want to go for that. That is probably the 2 biggest distinctions, and then there are some small ones in terms of how to take the component and manufacture it. There's been all those type of things, which are excellent for relevant [ph] because they are sort of in the same price class.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great, and then finally, what do you know so far about the pricing of the INCIVO in each European country? So far, I think, we know. In U.K., it's 35,000. There's a negotiated pricing with French government, but it's being launched right now country by country. Any information there?
Robert Kauffman: We can tell you it's available in the U.K. and Germany and Sweden and France. The only price that we know of that's available publicly is in the U.K. There will be a range of prices in Europe depending on local factors.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right. Sorry, one last question, if you don't mind. Just wondering about your RA program strategy going forward. Phase IIIs will be very large and involves a lot of investment. Just curious, what are the thoughts there, into the partnering or taken all the way yourself?
Ian F. Smith: Well, Katherine, for the first step for that program, as Peter said in his comments, is that we're planning to do it in a 6-month study under-which we have a Phase IIb study that we'd expect to start at the end of this year. That's the next step. So when you talk about Phase III, progress to Phase III, we'd like to see good data from that Phase IIb before we'd commit to a breadth of the Phase III program, which, as you know, in this disease would be thousands of patients. But that would be much further out. That would be 2014, '13, around there. We'll make an adjustment to that time. But I would stay consistent to my comments financially, which is, if we continue to perform well with INCIVEK and following on with the launch of our CF opportunity, I think we're going to have plenty of financial capacity to still reinvest in the company and still have significant earnings. And I think the JAK3 compound gives the company a significant growth opportunity for the 2015 plus period, which I think is very important when you look at the company long term.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Michael Partridge for any closing remarks.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. We will now conclude the call. We certainly appreciate you taking the time to tune in. Tonight, the IR team, joined by Ian and Nancy and Bob and Peter, will be available in the office to answer any additional questions you have. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ian Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Robert Kauffman -  Nancy Wysenski - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President Peter Mueller - Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Global Research & Development and Member of the Scientific Advisory Board Matthew Emmens - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Friedman Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Edward Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Companies Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc. Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And now, I would like to introduce your host for today, Michael Partridge.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to Vertex' second quarter 2011 conference call. We are 2 months into the launch of INCIVEK combination treatment for people with genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C. We are tremendously pleased with the uptake of this medicine, as well as the positive feedback from the hepatitis C community. At the same time, we are launching INCIVEK, we continue to advance our pipeline. We expect to submit the NDA and MAA for VX-770 targeting cystic fibrosis patients with the G551D mutation in October. We have recently provided new data from combination approaches for hepatitis C and CF and we are now looking forward to data and presentations from other studies in hepatitis C, CF and rheumatoid arthritis in the second half of this year. We aim to establish additional product opportunities in these serious diseases. We remain financially strong, with a cash position of approximately $600 million at the end of the second quarter, this is sufficient to support continued launch activities of INCIVEK and the development of our clinical stage programs while supporting us through to cash flow positive.  With me on the call tonight are Matt Emmens, who will provide a perspective on Vertex' recent progress; Ian Smith, who will review our second quarter financial results; Nancy Wysenski, who will provide commentary on the INCIVEK launch; and Dr. Peter Mueller, who will highlight key upcoming pipeline milestones. After the prepared remarks, we will be joined by Dr. Bob Kauffman and we will be happy to take your questions. We will conclude the call tonight promptly at 6:00 p.m. Once the call concludes, our IR team, joined by Ian and Nancy will be in the office to answer any additional questions.  Finally, let me note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. These statements, including those regarding the market launch of INCIVEK, are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially.  GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our second quarter 2011 financial press release, which is on our website.  Thank you, and I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Matthew Emmens: Thank you, Michael, and good evening, everyone. Since the company went public in 1991, we have begun nearly all quarterly calls by talking about pipeline progress and clinical data. This quarter, we are very excited to lead off, instead, with commentary about our efforts to bring INCIVEK combination treatment to the many people with hepatitis C. As you know, today is World Hepatitis Day. It's a day focused on raising awareness of viral hepatitis and bringing hope to millions of people affected by this disease. It's fitting on a day like today for me to be able to tell you that we are now delivering on the vision that a handful of scientists had more than 20 years ago. We have an approved medicine available for people with hepatitis C that was developed here at Vertex. I'm proud of what we've accomplished and humbled to think about what it means for patients. We believe INCIVEK represents both near-term and long-term value for the company and its shareholders. INCIVEK is establishing a base, upon which, we can grow the company, retain and attract the brightest people to work with us across the organization and potentially develop more new breakthrough medicines that cure or dramatically improve the treatment of serious diseases.  Now back to the launch of INCIVEK. Approval of this medicine enables our commercial and medical affairs teams to reach out to providers and patients who have waited years for improved hepatitis C treatment. We're hearing a great deal of positive comments from patients, nurse practitioners and physicians about what INCIVEK offers them. In particular, the ability to offer a straightforward, short-course therapy, 24 weeks, for the majority of treatment-nave patients, with significantly higher viral cure rates compared to pegylated-interferon and ribavirin alone.  Early in the launch, we are seeing both treatment-nave and treatment-experienced patients being started on INCIVEK combination therapy. This is an encouraging sign. We believe it highlights a broad awareness and acceptance of this important new medicine. To that point, I would like to acknowledge all of our employees, but in particular, the cross-functional efforts of our commercial team. This group continues to work incredibly hard to educate physicians, patients and payers on INCIVEK. And the feedback has been positive as measured by the volume of reported prescription in just the first couple of months of launch. A further testament to our preparedness and ability to deliver INCIVEK to people with hepatitis C was our ability to fulfill co-payment and financial assistance program for those who qualified in many cases within days of their request.  We are also looking forward to and actively planning for our upcoming presence at the annual AASLD meeting in San Francisco in early November, where we expect to continue to report on INCIVEK and other programs in development. Even as we launch INCIVEK, we continue to focus on further advancing the treatment paradigm in hepatitis C for the years ahead. Earlier this week, we announced data from our 4-drug combination regimen, including INCIVEK and VX-222, which suggests the potential to treat patients with genotype 1 hepatitis C in as few as 12 weeks and no longer than 24 weeks. In addition, the Alios collaboration we signed in the second quarter adds 2 new compounds to our broad hepatitis C portfolio, and these compounds offer the potential to further improve combination regimens.  Looking beyond hepatitis C, we are seeing a number of positive developments in other pipeline programs especially in our cystic fibrosis program. I know you've heard me say this before, CF is a devastating disease for children and adults who have it as well as their families. Our researchers and clinicians are working tirelessly to learn as much as we can about CF and improve the lives of people living with it.  It is important to note that while we prepare for an NDA and an MAA submission for VX-770, we continue to treat approximately 190 people who were enrolled in our STRIVE and ENVISION Phase 3 studies and who have rolled over into the PERSIST study. We also recognized the immediate needs of some people with the 551D mutation, who did not meet eligibility criteria in our studies and who are in critical medical need. These people may benefit from VX-770 prior to FDA approval and we are beginning to open clinical trial sites as part of an early access program here in the U.S. We are currently working with the regulatory authorities outside of the U.S. with the goal of implementing additional EAP programs in other countries later this year. To date, we have built on many accomplishments to support our business, and going forward, we'll keep investing in areas, where we believe we can make dramatic advances in treatment. That includes hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis and our pipeline of other innovative medicine.  Thank you for your time, and I would like to turn the call over to Ian, who will review the second quarter financial results with you. Ian?
Ian Smith: Thanks, Matt, and good evening to everyone. 2011 is an important year that we had anticipated, and we are starting to create significant revenues and cash flows from the sale of INCIVEK, which gives us a financial foundation to continue to advance a broad pipeline of potential new medicines for future growth. The market opportunity that exists for INCIVEK is very large, and with this new opportunity, we are giving careful consideration to managing reinvestment and R&D for future growth, yet achieving earnings and cash flow both for shareholder value.  I'd now like to turn to a review of our second quarter results. First, total revenues for the second quarter of 2011 increased to approximately $114 million compared to approximately $32 million in the same quarter last year. The higher revenue in the second quarter of this year was due to approximately $75 million of ex-factory net product revenues from INCIVEK, which became commercially available in the U.S. during the second quarter.  Of the $75 million in net product revenues, approximately 50% remained in the distribution channel as of June 30. I'll note that as of the date of this call, the majority, the vast majority of the product in the channel has already been sold through to patients. This is consistent with our expectation of an average of 3 weeks of INCIVEK in the distribution channel going forward.  Our second-quarter net product revenues of approximately $75 million were derived from the gross product revenues of approximately $83 million. The gross-to-net reduction is based upon payer mix as well as other factors such as the terms of our distribution agreements, the impact of our patient-support programs. In the first month of launch, our gross to net reduction was driven principally by a payer mix that was dominated by commercial insurance. We expect the payer mix to include more government payers in the future and move towards being more typical of hepatitis C market. Nancy will provide you with additional commentary on INCIVEK launch in just a moment.  Now to the GAAP and non-GAAP bottom-line results. Our GAAP net loss attributable to Vertex for the second quarter was approximately $174 million, compared to approximately $200 million for the second quarter of 2010. Our non-GAAP loss attributable to Vertex for the second quarter of 2011 was approximately $136 million compared to $143 million in the second quarter of 2010. Based on anticipated revenues due to the successful launch of INCIVEK, we expect to be earnings-positive in 2012.  With respect to the details of our operating expenses, the increase compared to 2010 was principally driven by the support to launch INCIVEK and the expansion of development portfolio. For more information, please refer to our income statement, which can be found in our second quarter press release.  From a cash perspective, we ended the quarter, August 2011, second quarter 2011 with approximately $600 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Additionally, INCIVEK sales through June 30, added approximately $80 million in accounts receivable and we expect these receivables to be realized in cash in the coming weeks. We have a strong financial position and believe we have the cash and working capital flexibility to support the launch of INCIVEK and support the company through its cash-flow positive.  Turning now to the 2011 financial guidance. On today's call, we're increasing our 2011 total operating expense guidance provided early this year. We are increasing our range of -- to $960 million to $980 million from an initial range of $890 million to $930 million, representing an increase of approximately $60 million. As a reminder, this guidance includes principally R&D and SG&A expense and excludes cost of revenues and stock-based compensation expenses. This increase is due to EU expansion to support the launch of VX-770 for cystic fibrosis in this region, development expenses associated with the Alios collaboration and other costs that are funded through our collaborations, such as manufacturing telaprevir by -- for J&J and expanded CF research activities. Of note, that in the remainder of 2011, we expect to receive approximately $30 million from J&J and the CF Foundation, which we recognize as revenue in the R&D collaborative lines. This additional revenue will offset -- partially offset the increase in our forecasted 2011 OpEx guidance. We continue to manage the total operating expense for the company, with a view to a financial profile that maintains reinvestment into R&D and also achieves profitability. Specifically, as we look to 2012, based upon revenues from a successful launch of INCIVEK, we expect to be significantly earnings-positive in 2012.  In summary, we have a strong initial launch of INCIVEK. We continue to reinvest for growth, and we have a strong balance sheet to support the company.  Thank you, and over to Nancy.
Nancy Wysenski: Thank you, and good evening, everyone. I'd like to provide some commentary about the launch of INCIVEK and the progress we've made since approval on May 23. I'll first highlight our time-to-market.  Just 3 days, after approval, the first 28-day kit of INCIVEK was being dispensed to a patient. These speed was the result of a determined effort from a cross-section of our company, including the supply chain, marketing, sales and patient-assistance teams. I'd like to compliment and thank them for this outstanding outcome during our first commercial launch. After ensuring INCIVEK's availability, we turned our focus on broad patient accessibility. I'm pleased to report that our physician and patient support systems for INCIVEK are fully operational and running smoothly. With these systems in place, we're embarking upon our primary goal of curing as many people with hepatitis C as possible with INCIVEK. We believe that INCIVEK is a powerful, straightforward regimen that can offer clinical benefit to a wide range of people with genotype 1 hepatitis C. The feedback from the field has been very encouraging. Through July 15, only about 7 weeks into launch, we estimate that more than 3,000 patients have started therapy with INCIVEK. This uptake serves to reinforce that physicians and patients are receptive to our product profile.  Now I'd like to share with you some of the insights about the type of physicians prescribing INCIVEK, the INCIVEK reimbursement process and the type of patients taking INCIVEK at this point in the launch. First, to physicians. Consistent with our expectations, a majority of INCIVEK prescriptions are being written by specialists. Gastroenterologists, hepatologists and infectious disease specialists represent approximately 70% of total INCIVEK prescriptions written to date. Early in the launch, as expected, the majority of prescriptions come from high-volume prescribers.  Next, reimbursement. Managed care organizations have supported broad availability of INCIVEK. It's too soon in the process to discuss tiering within managed care. We'll be in a better position to provide insights such as this as more contracts are put in place. For context, historically, plans have placed pegylated-interferons on Tier 2 or 3. Our comprehensive co-pay assistance program is helping to reduce patient's out-of-pocket expenses, and for those who qualify, to cover their drug costs entirely. Finally, on to our patients. Our early tracking indicates a broad mix of treatment-nave and treatment-experienced patients receiving therapy with INCIVEK, consistent with the broad labeling of the medicine. At this stage of the launch, treatment-nave patients represent more than half of the new patients receiving INCIVEK. So in summary, we're very pleased with the launch of INCIVEK to date, and I look forward to updating you on our continued progress.  Now, I'd like to turn your attention to our next program in cystic fibrosis and some of the insights and progress from the commercial perspective. As Peter and his team prepare for the NDA and MAA submissions for VX-770, we have begun to lay the needed groundwork for the medical affairs and commercial teams to support the potential global launch of this medicine. This includes hiring of select member of field-force employees and people in marketing and managed markets. We recently hired a General Manager for our EU operations, based in Switzerland. And this person is now focused on filling crucial positions for implementing a commercial effort needed in Europe. We also hired a Head of U.S. sales to build out our U.S. CF sales team.  We envision the structure of the global CF team to be small and focused, including a sales team of fewer than 20 therapeutic specialists in the United States. In Europe, our early work will be focused on reimbursement, followed by the build-out of the sales team. At the same time, we're educating healthcare providers on the CF disease state, including the importance of a greater understanding of CFTR modulation and awareness of their patient's genotype. We've been working closely with the CF community on creating educational resources for patients and caregivers to help them manage this disease. In addition, plans are underway for establishing a comprehensive patient-support program to help ensure that no eligible patient goes without this medicine. The CF patient population and community are urgently seeking a new medicine that targets the underlying disease and not just the symptoms. We hope that you share in our enthusiasm as we move towards our goal of providing this medicine to the CF community that is truly in need of improved treatment.  Thank you. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Mueller: Thank you, Nancy, and hello, everyone listening to today's call. Obviously, we had a tremendously productive first half of 2011, with the successful advisory committee for INCIVEK and hepatitis C and subsequent approval and launch, as well as completion and readout of Phase 3 data for VX-770 in cystic fibrosis. These were all major milestones for the company and represented the successful outcome of many years of research, clinical, CMC and regulatory efforts. Our hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis programs are critical programs for the company, and we expect that the second half of the year will be marked by additional data and presentations from these programs to help further improve therapy in hepatitis C and position ourselves potentially, to treat a greater number of people living with cystic fibrosis. I'd like to start today with a review of our efforts on the cystic fibrosis front. With the Phase III data in hand, we are aggressively preparing the MAA and the NDA documents and expect to submit those applications in October, specifically targeting approval in children aged 6 and older and adults with the G551D mutation. We conducted a successful pre-NDA meeting in the U.S. and rapporteur and co-rapporteur meetings in Europe to support the submissions, and these meetings were very, very constructive. Specifically, in line with our commitment to make VX-770 available to CF patients who can benefit from the medicine, we are focusing our attention on additional studies. First, we have developed a pediatric formulation of VX-770 and have discussed with the FDA a protocol for initiating a registration study in younger children ages 2 to 5. This will be an important study, and we believe VX-770 could potentially benefit people with cystic fibrosis who are treated earlier and before significant damage to the lung is incurred.  Secondly, during our pre-NDA meeting for VX-770, we have productive discussions regarding the potential future evaluation of sweat chloride data to understand its use as a marker for clinical benefits. As an outcome of these discussions, we are developing clinical protocols for studies of at least 4 weeks in duration to evaluate whether VX-770 monotherapy has a clinical benefit in people with scaling [ph] mutations other than G551D, as well as other mutations that have residual CFTR function. Additional information will be provided at the completion of discussions with the FDA and other regulatory agencies concerning these proposed protocols. We expect these studies to begin in the first half of 2012.  Next, I will highlight our combination therapy studies in cystic fibrosis. In the second quarter, we have announced results from Part 1 of our Phase II combination study, this VX-809 and VX-770. This study is designed to evaluate the treatment cystic fibrosis in people with the F508del mutation, the most common CFTR mutation. Based on these data, we expect to initiate Part 2 in September pending FDA approval of the broader design. We expect Part 2 of the drug will evaluate higher doses of VX-809 monotherapy for a minimum of 4 weeks followed by a dosing of VX-770 and VX-809 in combination for a minimum of another 4 weeks. This study will measure sweat chloride FEV1 and safety as well as other markers of clinical activity in people with cystic fibrosis with either 1 or 2 copies of the F508del mutation, that is F08del heterozygotes and homozygotes. Now turning to Hepatitis C and our clinical activities focused on further improving the treatment regimen. We are conducting currently several programs in parallel to achieve this goal. One approach is our 4-drug therapy evaluating multiple 12- and 24-week response guided regimens of INCIVEK, VX-222, this pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. This week, we announced the study week-24 interims data, which included SVR12 results from patients who were treated for 12 weeks only. Results show that at least 1/2 of the patients who were treated for 12 weeks in the high dose VX-222 are eligible to stop treatment with the 4-drug regimen at week 12. One of these patients, of these patients, 14 out of 15 or 93% of patients achieved SVR12. The patients who were assigned the 24-week regimen remained undetectable at the end of the treatment. In addition, interim safety results from the recorded arms showed that mild GI symptoms and mild fatigue were the most frequently recorded adverse events. Side effects are consistent with the known safety profile of INCIVEK combination treatment, and the interim data suggest potential to treat Hepatitis C in as few as 12 weeks and no longer than 24 weeks. We look forward to the outcome in patients receiving 24 weeks. This data will guide our future development of this very important regimen. Our second approach to improve the regimen is on all oral triple interferon-sparing regimen with INCIVEK, VX-222 and ribavirin. We expect to complete enrollment in these study arms evaluating genotype 1A and 1B hepatitis C patients in the third quarter. Our third approach will involve nuclear-type compounds from a collaboration designed with Alios last month. We are working with them diligently to initiate first-in-human trials later this year to set the stage for potential oral combination studies in 2012. Data from all of these programs will inform us of our next step in advancing this potential Hepatitis C treatment regimens.  In addition, in the third quarter of this year, we expect to initiate a short duration study in approximately 400 genotype 1 treatment-nave patients who have a specific polymorphism known as CC near the IL28B gene. This study will evaluate 12 weeks of INCIVEK in combination with pegylated-interferon and ribavirin. Data are expected in 2012. We estimate that close to 1/3 of the people who have not been treated for the Hepatitis C have this marker, and it could be a significant benefit for them if we can reduce treatment to 12 weeks while maintaining high viral cure rates. Now to the other pipeline programs. Turning next to our JAK3 inhibitor, VX-509. In September, we expect to announce top line clinical data from our Phase II proof-of-concept study in rheumatoid arthritis, which will include safety, tolerability and clinical efficacy measured by ACR20, 50 and 70 and other measures. Our goal in this study is to see tolerability and efficacy that enable us to identify a dose or several doses to take forward in development. We believe that as a selective JAK3 inhibitor, we have the opportunity, with 509, to see a wider therapeutic window that may not exist for retroactive JAK inhibitors. While rheumatoid arthritis is the first indication for which VX-509 is being evaluated by the company, we also believe there could be many other inflammatory indications where a selective JAK3 inhibitor could potentially have clinical benefit. We are also working on several exciting pre-clinical programs, and we expect that at least one new program, our flu program for VX-787 will start Phase I clinical trials in healthy volunteers in September to be followed by a Phase II trial in people challenged with an attenuated influenza virus in the first half of 2012. We recently completed a successful pre-R&D meeting with the FDA for this investigational medicine. VX-787 is designed to treat influenza A, including recent H1 endemic and H5 avian flu strains through a mechanism distinct from neuraminidase inhibitors, the current standard of care, and from other previously reported approaches known for treatment of flu.  So in summary, we look really forward to keeping you updated on our progress in these programs and other programs as they advance and hope to bring forward more medicines like INCIVEK with the goal of improving the lives of people living with serious diseases.  And now I'm turning back the call to Michael.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Peter. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we'd now like to open the call to Q&A. So we can get to as many people on the call as possible, we ask you to limit yourself to just one question and one quick follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question coming from Geoff Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I'll leave the questions on INCIVEK to others, I'm sure there'll be a lot. But Peter, it's great to have you on line. I'm intrigued by what you had to say about cystic fibrosis. In that pre-NDA discussions with the FDA, what is the endpoint going to be for these infant studies? It's pretty hard to get them to do an FEV1. And does that imply that the agency has accepted sweat chloride as a surrogate? Because I think you said that the duration of the studies in the other mutations, the gating and other mutations, would only be 4 weeks. Would that be a pivotal trial that would be label-enabling? And I just want to ask a question on 222 as well.
Peter Mueller: Okay. So this is a bunch of questions around cystic fibrosis. So, Geoff, first of all, I think we have, at this given point in time, not yet a final agreement from the agency about the protocol, but we have discussions. And obviously, we look in several read-out markers and see how it will come down the pike. There is Ribavirin and you are right, it might be harder to achieve. But I think nobody knows at the point in time. So this part of it, if we look at several ones and then make a decision, what it will come down the pike. In terms of sweat chloride being an accepted marker, I think at this point in time, sweat chloride is not an accepted marker in any environment. And I think what we committed is that we basically provide more information and data and analysis to move the discussion towards response-guided regimen. And I think this a great accomplishment because the agency recognizes that you have to make a move to handle the complicated situation with this genotypic approach in cystic fibrosis. They have 1,800 different mutations. We'll see how it goes. I think we have continued discussions ongoing with them and by end of the year, we can give you probably a little bit more insight what it will be. Now in Europe, the situation is sort of similar. They are more forthcoming within a class of mutations like the gating mutations, and we will see how that will translate into a label. At that given point in time, I think we are submitting basically documentation to both agencies and see where we go from there. Now in terms of when we started those studies, I think as you well know, it's sort of global studies. And you have to basically do a PIP evaluation upfront which is a cumbersome process and lengthy bureaucracy and a lot of bureaucracy across the globe. And that basically is the reason why we not start this year but the beginning of next year. I hope that answers all your questions.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: That's great. Can I just follow-up quickly on 222? Could you just tell us whether the -- how many actually patients had either breakthrough or relapse in the high-dose sort of the combination study? And then whether those patients were genotype 1A or 1B? How did they look, how did they breakout?
Peter Mueller: So Bob will answer that.
Robert Kauffman: Geoff, this is Bob. There were no breakthroughs in the quad arms at all. And there was one relapse in the high-dose arm that we were describing. I don't know if that was a genotype 1A or 1B patient off hand.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rachel McMinn from Bank of America.
Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch: So on INCIVEK. Just curious, because we only have a couple of weeks in the quarter, can you give us a sense of the run rate coming out of June? Or since July is already pretty much done, can you give us a sense of what the monthly rate looks like, kind of, I guess just excluding inventory? And Ian, secondly, I really appreciate the color on the gross to net. Can you give a little bit more specifics? Are we talking about like high single-digit to 10% this quarter?
Nancy Wysenski: Rachel, this is Nancy. We continue to see very strong sales in July. We're very pleased, we're delighted to watch it. And in addition to watching the TRx and NRx counts rise, as I'm sure you are, we are also pleased by the fact that our wholesalers are reordering on a very regular basis.
Ian Smith: Rachel, to your comment on gross to net. $84 million of gross translated to roughly $75 million of net for this quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the gross to net adjustment is probably a little smaller than it's going to be in the future, given that at this point we have minimal channel inventory going through the government channel. Also as we go through the year and we put our commercial contracting strategies in place, we expect to see, let's say, greater discounts. To give you a number where we come out towards the end of the year and going into 2012, it's a little early to do that, but we certainly expect it to move into the double-digit range as we go towards the end of this year.
Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch: And if I may, just squeezing in one bigger picture question on your oral HCV strategy. Can we expect to see an external collaboration to add a third direct-acting antiviral to the mix? And if so, how much data from that collaborator do you need to consider such a partnership?
Peter Mueller: Well, yes, I think the strategy is that we basically keep all options open, and that also includes potentially the involvement of another collaborator, as we go forward. So what was your second question?
Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just how much data would you need -- do you need to see 12 weeks of safety data or would you be -- is 2 weeks or 4 weeks enough?
Peter Mueller: No, I think that's very dependent what type of program you go for. I think, in general, what I'm personally looking for is the compound that is sort of added to the mix, coming out of our own research or from our collaborator, commensurate with the metabolic profile and a [indiscernible] Profile that makes the regimen work. And that's sort of a safety assessment that you have to do before you go in each and every collaboration or combination therapy. That's basically the main. Now obviously, I will be delighted to do something with more advanced compounds, because then, you're faster over the finish line but that's all matter of what will happen.
Operator: And we'll take our next question coming from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just wanted first if you can tell us the percent of your target accounts that have actually prescribed or ordered the drug and then just a quick follow-up.
Nancy Wysenski: When we look at the market overall and of course, it's all dependent upon how you define "the market," right? But when we use our own internal definition, it looks like physicians we've gotten to and nurse practitioners in total that between both products, about 15% to 17% of the market has been penetrated. What's really interesting is that as you look at the higher deciles, that percentage goes up dramatically. And it looks like more than 70% of the top-tier decile physicians are writing and of course, that's exactly what you would hope for in the launch of an innovative product because those are the people who influence the rest of the writers. And we see a very fine correlation between the decile of the physician and not only how many physicians are writing but also the number of scripts they're writing. So it's really a great trend.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And just one question on the royalty rate. It looks like it's about 7% this quarter. I know you don't have any actual cost of goods in there, but where can we expect the gross margin to come out in the future once you do start reporting a true cost of goods?
Ian Smith: So Terrence, you're right. The royalty around 7% that you are seeing is royalty, and there's minimal cost of goods in there. It should stay that way for a while. We've been expensing our inventory through R&D leading up to the launch of the drug. So going into 2012 you should continue to see a margin that is significant given that we've already expensed our inventory.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: First question is could you give us any data on the percent of patients that start therapy enter the second month? Because I stared at IMS data and it's very early to try to make anything of IMS data, but I stared at IMS data, it looks like we've tried to drive a refill rate basically into the second month. I'm just trying -- and it'd be great if you guys could actually provide that. And then for Peter, you said something about how Europe is more forthcoming about CF, perhaps a broader label, I was intrigued by that comment. Could you just clarify, please, what you meant by that?
Nancy Wysenski: Mark, this Nancy, I'll go first. And it sounds like you and I both spent a lot of time staring at IMS data. Ad It seems like it would be a fairly simple mathematical calculation. But it isn't. And I'll explain why it isn't. After I make a point that we're pleased with the numbers we're seeing when you look at the difference between the TRx, and new Rx and back that up against what the new Rxs would have been for the weeks that those refills would be occurring. Because when you look across both drugs, our trends are really solid and they seem to be trending in the right direction over time. The reason that you can't really nail that down, as you probably already know, is that when a patient shows up at a physician's office and they write them a prescription for INCIVEK, there's no way for us to tell whether they wrote that prescription for one month and it shows up as a new Rx or whether they wrote it for 3 months, so then you get one new Rx and 2 TRxs. A lot of times with new therapies, patients would just give them -- I'm sorry, physicians will just give the patient prescription for one month, and then when they do well they give them another prescription, which the pharmacy interprets as a second new Rx. So I'm sure you're aware that, that confusion is in there, but all that suggests is that with that as a potential adjustments, the refill rate is even higher than what the mathematical formulas would suggest.
Peter Mueller: And to the label discussion, I think we have successful discussion with the heat of CHMP, that basically makes all the final calls what goes into filings in Europe and given those discussions, we anticipate that the there is a possibility to get a label that basically covers all the gating mutations in Europe potentially.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: And what percentage of the patients would that be, and then I'll drop off?
Peter Mueller: [indiscernible] Well it's another 1%, something like that in Europe.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Howard Liang from Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann LLC: What's next for 222 and telaprevir combo? Are you taking the quad into Phase III? And then secondly, IMS data. Should we assume that one script equals 28 days of supply?
Nancy Wysenski: Well, I can take the IMS question, while they're deciding. Yes, you should assume that one script equals one kit or 28 days of therapy, that's absolutely correct.
Matthew Emmens: In terms of the 222, as you know, there are data we reported out was just the SVR data from the patients assigned to 12 weeks and we really need to see the outcome in those who have been assigned to 24 weeks to kind of get a sense of what the overall SVR for that regimen is, that will help us to decide what the next set of regimens that we study. Whether we go directly to Phase III or have to do some additional work, I think will depend in large part on that and also the PK/PD assessments, a number of other assessments that we do. So I can't really say for sure. We're obviously are trying to move the program as quickly as we can.
Peter Mueller: On top of that, there is also the triple oral combination, where the 222 plays a major role and similar comments apply. I think we are in the midst of it and I think we will try to accelerate those programs as fast as we can in concert with approval from regulatory agencies.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Geoff Meacham from JP Morgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Question on VX-770, sounds like the label obviously, is going to be focused on G551D only, and just curious how quickly you guys think you can get out getting mutation data. Just trying to get a better sense for the size and scope of the Phase II that you have planned and I have a follow-up.
Peter Mueller: So in terms of the label in the U.S., it will be as a first label, most likely G551D only label, I think that is correct. In Europe, it might be potentially G551D plus the gating mutations. But it's all upon approval of regulatory agencies and this is sort of what it could be. Now in terms of when can we get more data, so obviously, we will start trials that will deliver data in the course of 2012. That help us to decide whether we can go either with smaller response-guided regimen, or we have to go with a more specific late mutation label expansion. And I think those studies are planned and will go on, but I think there's nothing we can say before the end of 2012.
Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the 770, 809 combo data for part 2, how long, what is the treatment duration? I think in your release, you said at least one month. How far would you anticipate going out and then some of your assays, do you show greater synergy between the 2 drugs over the course of time, say 1 month, 2 months, plus?
Matthew Emmens: Yes, we're not actually certain yet of exactly the duration. We're looking at the current data to decide that. We said at least 4 weeks of monotherapy and at least 4 weeks of the combo in order to assess lung function, as well as sweat chloride, which is one of the goals from the second part of the study. And that's all we can really say at this point. Obviously, we'll give you more information when we get closer to starting it. And I'm sorry, the second part of your question?
Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Was just, when you guys have had in vitro assays that combine the 2 agents 770, 809 that have shown synergy. And I'm wondering if that synergy or the sweat chloride or the conductance improves over time?
Matthew Emmens: Those assays are generally short-term. Those are cell culture assays. You can't really carry them on for very long. So the data we have is really from the first study of 2 weeks of monotherapy and 1 week of the combination. Obviously, one of the reasons to look at longer duration is to see whether in fact there's any additional effect that can occur and then, we'll see how that third part comes out.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Yaron Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: So two questions, one, just help us understand a little bit when you think of response-guided therapy in CF, presumably it's based on sweat chloride and is it at week 4 or do you have a sense at which point do you take the measurement? And then I have a follow-up on INCIVEK as well.
Peter Mueller: At this given point in time, I think we don't know what the market will be. I think there are several that you could think of. One is sweat chloride, I think that's the reason why we are currently conducting additional drugs to see how potential readout markers are usable across different mutation. Because that's sort of what the holy grail is and that we have to figure out, so we don't know yet. I think we will measure continuously at each and every visit what those different markers will do as we go forward. I think there's not yet a defined outcome that we can say 4 weeks or 8 weeks or 12 weeks is the right thing to do.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: And then just so we -- and then, on INCIVEK, I mean if you calculate the launch happened in the week of March, I'm sorry May 23, so we're talking about maybe 5 to maybe as long 6 weeks, and you sold $75 million. And you said half was retail demand. And then you said that, that retail stocking in the order of around $37 million, $38 million is already out of the channel. So that's within 3 weeks. And then there would have been inventory on top of that. So is it -- it almost seems like I can back into a doubling of the rate of sales within the first 3 or 4 weeks in July over the last quarter? Am I thinking about this correctly?
Ian Smith: Directionally, Yaron, I think you're thinking about it correctly.
Operator: And we'll take our next question coming from Ted Tenthoff from Piper Jaffray.
Edward Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Companies: One thing I wanted to ask and Nancy, maybe you can answer this question for me. When it comes to detailing INCIVEK as a conversation that the reps are having with the hepatologists and the specialists, what is the message that's being delivered around rash and around the side effect profile? And kind of how to manage that?
Nancy Wysenski: In fact, just today we got some early feedback on the qualitative impact that our field sales force is having with physicians. And I'm very, very proud of the great job they're doing. They're out there, they know that this is all about the patients and offering them a higher cure rate, and that the best way to do that is to engage not only the healthcare practitioner, but the patient by fully educating them about this new therapy. All the adverse events including rash, how to look for that, how to watch for it, what physicians should do when they see it, all of the drug-drug interactions, and we have gotten really very solid feedback again from healthcare providers particularly, that they are enjoying this process and that they see our representatives as very trustworthy in bringing them the full set of information for the best outcome of the patient.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: On the 770, 809 study, Peter if I heard you right, I thought you said that you'd be looking at the -- you're going to be looking at patient's hairs, I guess for Delta F508 as well, in the next set of studies, so was wondering if you could expand on the rationale for that? And then on INCIVEK, just wondering if you had a sense of your market share among PIs? And whether it's different between the treatment-naive and -experienced patients?
Peter Mueller: So I'll take the first part so, Brian, with respect to the rationale, I think as you know, you have basically 2 categorically different type of, let's say, mutations in terms of impact on functionality. One, that impacts basically the trafficking, which is basically fibroids, and those type of things. And the other one, that impacts basically gating or function when those channels are on the surface. Now when you have a homozygous, then it's easier than you know, you have basically sort of a trafficking and problem, when you have Delta F508, and that's easily treatable, with maybe even a monotherapy theoretically, with 809. When you have heterozygous, they have both defects. They have a trafficking defect and a potentiation defect. If they have a fibroid on one ileal and something else on the other ileal. And so they might benefit from a combination treatment that is a potentiator and the corrector. And therefore I think, we are trying to do that and I think that's a huge benefit for that population, in going with combination therapy, because they have 2 different defects to be taken care, and we have 2 very strong molecules and therapeutic regimen to them that help to fix both of them.
Nancy Wysenski: And Brian, to your question about market share, using the source of the IMS NPA, I can tell you that our market share is in excess of 75%, both for the most current week measured and the latest week is July 15, as well as for the launch to date.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Jason Kantor from RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: You talk about the gross in that being smaller because of mix, and that you're not really getting much out of the government channels. I'm wondering, is this kind of an untapped source of new patients that we can expect to come in? And I guess over what period of time would you expect those to come, and what percent of the population is that? And there were some concerns before the launch about the capacity to treat all of these patients. So I wonder where are we with respect to clinic capacity at some of these high-volume centers?
Nancy Wysenski: Jason, this is Nancy, I'll take both pieces of that. First of all, on the capacity that's a really easy answer, we don't think there is any limit on capacity. We say that for a couple of reasons because we've got physicians from all deciles rating the drug. So that means that you're getting not only the big thought leading institutional centers but also, more of the community-based independent GEs and so on and so forth. In addition to that, we are seeing new prescribers who haven't written historically, coming into the market. And that suggest again, that there is even more capacity that we haven't thought about. And now, I need to be reminded what the other question was.
Matthew Emmens: The government channel.
Nancy Wysenski: Thank you, the government channel, this is pretty typical for any drug. When you first launch a drug, you make it available through the managed care plans and typically, that's through commercial plans. Government channels, as you can imagine, are some of the more cost sensitive channels, and then they therefore want to do a full formulary review before they add drugs to their formulary and/or that often involves contracting. So that -- it just takes longer. It's beginning now as is the contracting process with commercial plans. But it will take at least through the end of this year, and into 2012 before the majority of that contracting is complete.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And what percent of the treatable patient is that?
Nancy Wysenski: You know it varies if you look at ribavirin as a historical model, it's usually sort of about 60% commercial, and then about 25% between Medicaid, Medicare, and then you get VA, and there as well, VA Federal supply schedule which is the DoD, et cetera. So it varies. But I think we're seeing a higher rate of commercial business right now.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Tom Russo from Baird.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Another question for Nancy, on market share. From survey work, we've been doing early in the launch, and I think it's reaching more community-based docs. We've seen telaprevir rated higher in all the attributes, but share maybe closer to 60%, 40% than the 75% so far in the script tracking. Just wanted to get your perspective on, is there any dichotomy between the top decile, first mover types and then maybe the next tier or 2 down in terms of market share split?
Nancy Wysenski: Not based upon the numbers I'm looking at. I can appreciate that you probably did a fine survey, but I can't comment on it, since I really don't have any of the details.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then, question for Peter. In terms of the telaprevir 222, ribavirin arms, interferon-sparing arms, will your topline release any data, maybe later this year or early next, if you in fact, compete enrollment in the third quarter?
Peter Mueller: It's basically, what most likely will happen.
Matthew Emmens: I'd just add Tom, that in terms of disclosure and committing to disclosures at this point, let's see how the studies run their course and what's the appropriate time that we consider putting out interim or final data. So more to you on that later this year.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Phil Nadeau from Cowen.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC: Nancy, a question for you on scripts. You mentioned that 3,000 patients have started INCIVEK by July 15. And based on the new script numbers for INCIVEK as reported by IMS, there were about 3,900 NRxs. And I appreciate some of those NRxs are probably actually refills, but there weren't that many scripts written in early June, so it can't account for the entire difference between 3,000 number that you cited in kind of the number of scripts that IMS reports. So do you have a sense of whether IMS is simply overreporting the number of prescriptions versus what you yourself see? Or is there maybe some delay between when somebody gets a script when they are starting a therapy because of reimbursement or some other factor?
Nancy Wysenski: No, the scripts are captured when the patient actually goes to the pharmacy and fills it. So I think we're just trying to be reasonable about the way that we're characterizing this. And since there is that some percentage there that we don't know, could actually be TRxs. We feel confident saying that it's more than 3,000, but the numbers you're looking at are the same numbers we're seeing. So I think you're looking at it right, Phil.
Matthew Emmens: I'd just add though, we had some commentary about whether to give you that number because we thought that people might try and reconcile new patients to scripts. We gave you a conservative number, I will tell you that. It's very dangerous to reconcile our patient number to scripts, given that there is under reporting in the scripts. And we're just broadly happy with the number of patients that have started on INCIVEK-based therapy. But we just wanted to give you a mark on how the launch was going.
Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company, LLC: And just one quick question on the 809, 770 combination program. In the past, you had said you're doing additional analyses based on the part 1 data to try to correlate factors with response, so some patients, clearly responding very well to 809, 770 in combination. Do you have any information on what those factors could be? Was it plasma levels of drug or anything else that you could identify?
Peter Mueller: Well, I think the evaluation is still ongoing, and we are not, at this given point, reporting those things out.
Matthew Emmens: So we're right at 6:00 now, we will take 2 more questions.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Friedman from Morgan Stanley.
David Friedman: Question on the CF program. The first is just quickly, will we see any 661 data before we see 661, 770 combo data? And then the other is how you settled on 4 weeks as the time for 809 dosing and combo dosing in the next 809, 770 trial?
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob, I'll answer that. You likely will not see 661 data by itself before the combo, because the study may well have multiple treatments in it, and that hasn't been fully decided yet, but it won't necessarily be the case. And in terms of the duration, those were just possibilities. We have not yet finalized what the study design is going to be, so I think you should wait and see what we finally come up with, which I'm sure, we'll tell you about later on, when we're closer to it.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Katherine Xu from William Blair.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I was just wondering just following up to Phil's questions for some of the responders that these patients responded better to the combo in the first segment of the study. And you said something just -- I didn't hear at all. Your answer, what were the characteristics of those better responders?
Peter Mueller: You didn't say anything.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob, we didn't really know that. In every critical trial, there are always better responders and lesser responders. We're looking to see whether there's any characteristics there, but it's generally the case that there's a distribution of responses. So it's a matter of really going through the data carefully. We've not quite finished that yet so we have nothing really much to say.
Y. Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Anything at ERS that you guys are planning? The ERS, the conference in September?
Peter Mueller: No, we are not planning anything there.
Ian Smith: We will be at the U.S. CF conference though later in the year, which is in October. I believe that's on the West Coast in Anaheim. So we'll be there with a pretty large presence, given our expansion of our programs in the cystic fibrosis area.
Michael Partridge: Okay, thanks everybody for your kind words and your good questions. And we will be around in the office tonight to answer any additional questions you may have. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes your conference. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge  Senior Director, Strategic Communications Matthew Emmens  Chairman, President and CEO Nancy Wysenski  EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Peter Mueller  EVP, Global R&D, and Chief Scientific Officer Ian Smith  EVP and CFO Bob Kauffman  SVP, Clinical Development and Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Securities/Merrill Lynch Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein Ed Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank Ian [ph]  Credit Suisse Yaron Werber  Citi Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan Howard Liang  Leerink Swann Eric [ph]  JMP Securities Jason Kantor  RBC Capital Markets Terence Flynn  Lazard Capital Markets Brian Abrahams  Oppenheimer & Company Adam Cutler  Canaccord Davis Bu  Goldman Sachs Jason Zhang  BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Lisa and I am your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals conference call. All lines have been placed on mute. After the Company s remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Partridge. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. This is Michael Partridge. Good evening, and welcome to Vertex's conference call. 2010 may be the most important year in Vertexs history, which will be defined by the anticipated progress of Telaprevir for the treatment of hepatitis B as well as several other programs across our pipeline. First with Telaprevir, starting in the spring, we will begin to receive FBR data from our Phase 3 program. Dosing of all study drugs is now complete in all Telaprevir Phase 3 trial and in the second half of the year; we expect to submit the NDA for Telaprevir. Additionally, with the goal of further enhancing our leadership in hepatitis C we expect to begin the STAT-C Combination trial of Telaprevir and VX-222 in the first quarter. Right now, we are engaged in late-stage discussions with the FDA and global regulators on the design of this trial. We expect to conclude those discussions soon and provide you with specific information about the trial plan We continue to expect to initiate this trial in the first quarter and be able to have the first interim data in the third quarter of this year. Secondly, for cystic fibrosis, we have completed planned enrollment of two of the three trials in our Phase 3 registration program of VX-770, our potentiator compound and we are on track to have pivotal data and submit an NDA for this compound in the second half of 2011. Additionally, we announced yesterday results from a preliminary analysis of data from the Phase 2a study with VX-809, reflecting continued progress of this compound. On the basis of these data, we anticipate starting a combination study with VX-809 and VX-770 as a next step. Third and importantly, demonstrating the versatility and success of our research, we have positioned to receive data from other proof of concept studies in other therapeutic areas in the second half of 2010, with both a novel molecule for epilepsy and a novel molecule for rheumatoid arthritis. In todays call these major events and what they mean for our business and financial strategy will be reviewed by Matt Emmens, Dr. Peter Mueller and Ian Smith. Tonight we also want to introduce to you the newest member of the Vertexs management team, Nancy Wysenski, who joined us in December as our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Dr. Bob Kauffman is also here with us today, he will be joining for Q&A. Please note that information discussed on the conference call includes forward-looking statements which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail, in our reports that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our year-end 2009 financial press release which is on our Web site. All of 2009 expenses and 2010 guidance, discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation, and executive transition expenses, restructuring expense, acquisition-related expenses, loss from exchange of convertible debt and other certain charges. Lastly, after our prepared remarks, we will accommodate as many questions as time permits. Once the call concludes our IR team, joined by Matt, Peter, Ian, Nancy and Bob, will be in the office to answer any additional questions. Thank you. Ill now turn over the call to Matt.
Matthew Emmens: Thanks, Michael. As Michael just said, we expect 2010 to be a defining year for Vertex. Our vision has to build a biopharmaceutical company that carries out truly innovative research. That focus is on tough medical problem. That vision is becoming a reality starting with the planned NDA submission of our first potential breakthrough compound, Telaprevir later in 2010, and the plan launch in 2011. The launch of this compound, if approved, could enable us to build a fully capable biopharmaceutical company that has the scale and future growth opportunities. Our current portfolio beyond Telaprevir is taking shape. It includes additional potential combinations for the treatment of HCV and the orphan disease cystic fibrosis as well as other proof of concept studies. It is very exciting and an important time for Vertex. (inaudible) pipeline is a research engine that continues to create compounds that we believe could potential transform serious diseases. With drug candidates we have in clinical development is approximately 12 preclinical candidates and 12 lead optimization programs we are making the transition to becoming a commercial company while also maintaining our commitment to that innovative research we talked about. This is what I mean when I talk about scale. I m sure you will hear more on these early stage programs as this year progresses. We believe that we are building towards the goal of transforming the treatment of major diseases and offering significant returns for our shareholders. Financially, we are committed to turning cash flow positive following the launch of Telaprevir and delivering high operating margins. Our intention is to build a company that provides access and delivers new and innovative medicines across multiple high-value specialty markets. If you take a look at our 2010 defined events, I ask you to imagine our potential shape and profile as we enter 2011, just one year from now. An NDA submitted for Telaprevir and organization poised for launch for product into a major disease category, HCV. Additionally, our registration program for VX-770 in cystic fibrosis will be nearing completion and based on the result, we could be preparing for a second NDA submission in another important disease, cystic fibrosis. Beyond HCV and CF we have product candidates in epilepsy and rheumatoid arthritis that would generate results in 2010 which could expand our opportunities in these important diseases. Overall, these events will provide important information as we advance towards our vision. A key part of the reality of our business is the launch of Telaprevir, and the architect of that launch is someone I would like to introduce you. Her name is Nancy Wysenski; she is our new Chief Commercial Officer. I have known Nancy for many years. I believe her extensive operational and sales experience can create commercial infrastructure that could position us to lead the HCV market. Nancy is a proven leader. She has the passion both to choose great new people and to manage the talented people we already have in the company. She is someone who will work side by side with them in building successful commercial organization. Im excited to have her join our team; Ill now pass the call over to her for a few remarks. Nancy?
Nancy Wysenski: Thanks, Matt. I m delighted to be here. This is an exciting time for the company, and Im very happy to be working with this executive team to prepare for the launch of Telaprevir. I joined Vertex in December and since then I have had a chance to look under the hood. I'm pleased with a number of the things that are already in place. I believe we have some unique HCV market insights with which to build our commercial strategy. My principal focus right now is the implementation of internal systems and processes, building key elements to support our sales effort, and putting in place important patient-focused programs. The commercial growth prospects for Vertex are promising. What particularly excites me is that Vertex has multiple product and disease area opportunities. The company has the breadth to not only achieve the long-term leadership in HCV, but also go beyond HCV, and establish long-term leadership in additional disease areas. Im also responsible for building the commercial infrastructure of scale that can support not only HCV, but our CF programs, if successful, and also for other future commercial efforts. Thats just a little bit about what I have observed and I look forward to meeting some of you during your next visit to Vertex or at an investor conference this year. Thank you. And Ill turn the call over now to Peter.
Peter Mueller: Thank you, Nancy, and obviously my (inaudible) who are joining the Vertex team. First to Telaprevir. This is of course our No. 1 priority. We are on track to receive the first results from our program SVR data from ADVANCE for treatment-naive of patients in the second quarter. This will be followed by data from REALIZE for treatment failure patients over the summer. We have an experienced team in place, managing the NDA preparation and planned submission in the second half of the year. Today, we are producing commercial inventory already. We are manufacturing at metric ton scale. At this time everything is aligned with our commercial launch time line in 2011. Turning now to our STAT-C Combination plans. Our goal of furthering the treatment of HCV is high priority within our business. To demonstrate our commitment, we plan to initiate a trial in the first quarter that will evaluate FBR rights using multiple regimens of Telaprevir and VX 2-based therapy alone and in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. We are in late stage discussions with the FDA and other global regulatory authorities on the design of this trial and well provide more information to you soon. Whats important about the design is that it could potentially position us to quickly identify the most appropriate STAT-C regimen for late stage development. The concept of the trial design focused on 12-week combination regimens with safety and SVR rates being important study outcome. We expect to have the first interim data as early as the third quarter 2010 to inform the next steps for this program. Now lets turn to cystic fibrosis. Our Phase 3 registration program for VX-770 is advancing rapidly. We enrolled ahead of schedule the primary Phase 3 trial called STRIVE. This trial enrolled approximately 170 patients, age 12 and older with the G551D mutation. We believe the over-enrollment reflects strong patient and physician interest in compounds that target the underlying defect of this disease. We have other completed planned enrollment, approximately 120 patients in the DISCOVER trial, which is primarily a safety study evaluating patients with the delta F 508 mutation. ENVISION trial which is enrolling younger patients with the G551D mutation, age 6 years to 11 years is ongoing and on track to complete enrollment in the first half of 2010. We expect that all patients in the STRIVE and DISCOVER trials will have received their first dose of 770 or placebo by the end of February. Patients in STRIVE are being dosed for 48 weeks with a primary efficacy and evaluating FEB1 [ph] for 24 weeks. At this time it is our expectation to conduct a study through 48 weeks, which puts us on a time line of submitting an NDA in the second half of 2011. Now, turning to VX-809, our second compound, targeting disorphaned disease. VX-809 is our corrector compound aimed at increasing the concentration of functional the FBR channels at the lung surface. We announced yesterday results from a preliminary analysis of a Phase 2A study which showed proof of concept data suggesting that VX-809 may increase the FBR activity. In the 28A study, VX-809 met its primary end point of safety and was well tolerated at all four dose levels. VX-809 also met a key biomarker end point with a statistically significant decline in sweat chloride at the two highest doses evaluated, which is 100 milligram to 200 milligram. The totality of the result, the statistically significant decline in sweat chloride and cyclio dose response provides confidence that VX-809 is helping to partially restore CFTR function. On the basis of this data, our goal now is to maximize the response and potential clinical effects of VX-809. In our next steps we may explore the option to evaluate higher doses of VX-809, we plan to initiate a combination trial of VX-809 and VX-770 in the second half of this year. Its our belief that the combination of these two compounds could potentially broaden access for a greater number of patients living with cystic fibrosis. In closing, I would like to also highlight our two earlier stage proof of concept programs, VX-765, our novel Caspase inhibitor for the treatment of epilepsy, and VX-509, our selective inhibitor of JAK3 for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. These are two areas that demonstrate our progress in research and in 2010 we expect to have a better understanding of the efficacy and safety of these compounds in patients. First to VX-765. Initiating a trial in epilepsy highlights the innovative capacity of our research. Based on the emerging medical literature in the field and preclinical data we have gathered with the compound there is evidence to support the Phase 2 trial proof of concept trial which is now underway with several clinical sights open already for patient regroupment. In collaboration with the (inaudible) one of the most renowned epilepsy centers globally, we found in established (inaudible) epilepsy model that VX-765 may play a key role in inhibiting the inflammatory processes that lead to seizures and epilepsy development. As background, targeting inflammation and inflammatory processes is emerging as a new approach for epilepsy treatment and recognized as a major player of the inflammatory response in this case. As a (inaudible) Phase 1 inhibitor, VX-765 inhibits the production of (inaudible) and showed in preclinical model reduced frequency and duration of seizures, especially models that mimic chronic epilepsy status closely related to human pathology. It also showed a good safety profile in clinical studies today. We are really excited about the potential to show proof of concept data for this compound in 2010, and I will be very happy to take questions on this compound following our prepared remarks. In addition, we have initiated a proof of concept trial with our selective JAK3 inhibitor, VX-509 in moderate to severe patients with rheumatoid arthritis. The 200 patient trial is a 12-week (inaudible) randomized placebo-controlled trial. The key focus of the trial will be on safety, tolerability and clinical activity. We are evaluating four dose levels of VX-509 compared to placebo. The salable measure is in 20s, 50s, and 70s, and other disease activity measurements as indicators of clinical benefit. Before I close, I would like to take the opportunity to echo Matts comments (inaudible) research and product candidates creation effort. We continue to follow the signs and have a number of exciting preclinical programs that have the potential to take shape in the coming months and over the next year. We are very energized by the progress in research and development, and are very excited about the roads these advancements could play in building the company. Now I will turn over the call to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thanks, Peter, and good evening to everyone. My comments tonight will focus mainly on financially supporting and balancing the breadth of our business, and with my capital structure through to be a cash flow policy and an EPS valued growth company. We entered 2010 in a strong cash position of approximately $1.3 billion, combined with a minimal amount of convertible debt and approximately 200 million common shares outstanding. This cash position, and more broadly, this capital structure, enables us to advance our priority HCV and CF programs, while continuing our investment in research product creation to support our long-term business objectives. This capital structure preserve our ability to finance further growth if necessary. This is a flexible position to be in as we enter the stage of our business, and hold the potential to drive significant shareholder value. Now to the 2010 financial guidance. Overall, full 2010 guidance is similar to our actual financial 2009 results. The only components that are significantly different to that of 2009 reflect our planning for the launch of Telaprevir. We are spending to put a commercial infrastructure in place and we are building more commercial drug supply. Our projected overall investments in R&D is consistent with that of 2009. Specifically, the research investment, which focuses on new product candidate creation is only slightly higher than 2009, in development, the mix of investment across clinical programs is somewhat different, but overall, the amounts of development investment is relatively similar to 2009. This leads us to our non-GAAP loss guidance of approximately $600 million for 2010, which is approximately $100 million greater than 2009. The increased loss represents increased investment in critical pre-launch activities for Telaprevir, including the building of commercial drug supply, the further expansion of our commercial infrastructure, and the hiring of key employees to support implementation of promotional function. From a GAAP perspective, we expect full-year 2010 GAAP loss of approximately $700 million, which is an increase to our 2009 GAAP loss of approximately $642 million. The 2010 GAAP loss includes approximately $100 million of stock-based compensation, restructuring expense, and revenues and expenses related to the September 2009 milestone financial transactions. The 2009 GAAP loss includes certain charges totaling approximately $135 million. The details of the guidance for 2010 revenues, R&D and SG&A can be found in our press release issued today. I will of course be happy to address any aspect of our guidance in Q&A later. In summary, well continue to balance and manage our financial profile through the planned Telaprevir NDA submission and launch, and we are making key investments based on market opportunities. Our business priorities for 2010 are defining our future success and our financial strength provides support for these objectives and moves us closer to our ultimate goal of commercializing our first therapeutic products and building a fully capable biopharmaceutical company. Thank you. Michael, back to you.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. We will now open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Well take our first question from Rachel McMinn, BofA/Merrill Lynch
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Just two questions for me, one, can you talk a little about Telaprevir twice a day, where you are in discussions with the FDA? And whether your guidance assumes any spend on a Phase 3 trial for that program? And then also what kind of data we can look forward to at Easel [ph] this year? Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob; Ill answer those questions. In terms of twice a day dosing, we are in the process of submitting those data to the FDA and hope to be in discussions with them soon about the requirements that would be necessary to achieve twice a day dosing on our label. As you know, the results of the C208 study were very strong. And twice a day versus three times a day study and those will form the basis for this submission. Thats really all I can say at this point, and were really moving along as quickly as we can with our partner Cubitec [ph]. And Rachel, to you point of have we planned for the expense? The twice daily studies were in Phase 3. Given were R&D, Im going to call it, pool, is these days, we plan for many, lets say ins and outs that we may do and we might not do. So the way that we plan R&D these days is we do have specific activities that are planned for within this guidance. And we also plan for pool of activities that may occur. So thats specifically whats behind our R&D guidance we gave tonight.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then on Easel?
Bob Kauffman: On Easel, we expect to have data for the study 107, if you remember thats the rollover study. There will be some additional analyses of our previous trials. And that really, I think is the primary focus or Easel. As you know there will be lots of more exciting data coming later in the year, but they will be coming later than Easel. So there wont be a chance to present it to them.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify are we going to get any 222 data.
Bob Kauffman: Yes. Well be showing the initial viral kinetic data from the initial study of 222.
Matthew Emmens: Rachel, Ill just add that Bob refers to that data thats specifically data that may be disclosed as part of the conference. As we approach it from an investor relations perspective as well, our approach is to further provide data supporting the drug in the treatment failure setting and then also provide a better understanding of why we have a belief in the STAT-C combination that Peter referred to in his remarks, that we probably get into a little more preclinical data to support the rationale for the study that I expect a little over downtick commenced by that point in time.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay, perfect. Ill jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Up next is Geoffrey Porges, Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein: Thanks very much. Couple of questions. First on CF, Peter, it sounds as though there were some patients in VX-709 in the high dose group which got a more significant effect at least on the biochemical marker. Could you talk a little bit about that effect? And is there any clinical correlation with that? Have you had a chance to see whether there was any effect on HCV1 or symptoms? And then related to that, what are your thoughts right now on the duration of the combination study that you could do? You kind of had to do a lot of work, obviously, to get the FDAs endorsement for the combination study in hep C. Would collateral via, so what 809, 770 study look like, 14 day, 28 day, or shorter? And lastly, I just want to ask, Ian, a follow-up question on the guidance and the outlook on the R&D spend. Thanks.
Peter Mueller: On behalf of Bob here, our clinical representative, so maybe he can start answering those things, and I will chip into if I have to.
Bob Kauffman: Geoff, your first question, as you know, in all clinical trials theres variability from subject to subject, and this trial was no exception. There were a range of responses in each of the dose groups. The data we reported are the average data. There were some subjects who responded actually better than others, and were in the process of analyzing those individual patients to try to understand why that might be. As you are probably aware, we havent really completed the PKPD analysis yet, and that may give us some further insights, so well be able to say more about that when weve completed those analyses. In terms of the 770, 809 combination, I think all I can say at this point is now that we have the 809 data, were in the process of thinking about our options for the design of that study, including the duration, and it would probably be best not to speculate right now, but really come back to you in a couple of months when we have all of our data, including the drug interaction data between 809 and 770 that we need to design that study and be more forthcoming with the design.
Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein: And quickly, could I just follow up on the guidance. I know its early to be talking about 2011 and 2012, but given that inventory build is a significant part of your R&D spend this year and last year, and weve got a lot of Phase 3s ongoing for both 770 and Telaprevir that should roll off next year, is it reasonable to assume that this is a ceiling for your R&D spend for the next few years, as we think ahead to the company generating cash flow?
Peter Mueller: Well, thank for that yes, Geoff. The question that you sell for many others than us number of times and this. Very difficult to look into the crystal ball and commit to an absolute shape of the R&D line over the next, lets say three years to five years. One of the things that as a management team as we say, what does this business look like in the future financially? What was the P&L look like? One thing that were absolutely committed to is, as Matt mentioned in his remarks, is turning cash flow positive, being EPS-driven, and also to a high operating margin business. Theres a couple of companies that have gone and done this before us, very successfully in these high volume specialty markets. I dont want to specifically name those on this call. But then theyre very close to you and others on the call. We look at that from a financial operating performance as a guide to what we hope we can do, given the markets that were in. So rather than size the R&D, I would like to think of us sizing our operating margins, which is kind of the key measure of the business and the return to the business. And were committed to high operating margins. How we carve up that investment that comes underneath, lets say our revenues or gross margin between R&D and SG&A, well see, based on the opportunities we have in the markets that were in, and maybe the research product creation, but one thing that we are committed to is returning, based on the markets that were in, to a high operating margin business.
Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein: Thanks very much. That's very helpful.
Operator: Next up well hear from Ed Tenthoff of Piper Jaffray.
Ed Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks very much for the question. And congrats on the exciting 809 data yesterday. Two quick questions, if I can on the CF side. In terms of combination how broadly do you think 770 could ultimately be used as a potentiator? And secondly, I think you said that the ENVISION study would be enrolling, is that both parts of the study, and can you walk us through that design again?
Peter Mueller: So I take the first part of the question. Bob will talk a little bit about the design. So my personal assumption and belief is 770 has a broader use than just C551D patients. And the reason for that is because we have preclinical data that show potentiation is possible for a lot of different mutated channels. And so far preclinical data translated very nicely into the clinical performance. Now we have to obviously do a couple more, either studies and bring different mutations into the clinical trials, but I think I m not assuming that were just limited to 551D patients. Well see what the future holds, but I think theres a possibility given the clinical data.
Bob Kauffman: And this is Bob. To your question on the ENVISION trial, yes, the design, if you remember, in this age 6 to 11 trial is a PK lead in to confirm the PK in younger children as opposed to the data we now have in adults and to make sure the dose that we had chosen was correct. The first part of the study is complete. Were actually analyzing the PK data now, and deciding on what dose to go forward with, that is looking at the dose we had originally planned, and we expect to have that completed very soon and then start on the second part of the study. Based on the experience that we have in the other trials, we expect the trial to enroll very quickly. Theres a lot of patient interest out there, so were really not concerned about the enrollment at this point.
Ed Tenthoff  Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Mark Schoenebaum, Deutsche Bank.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: Hey, thanks a lot for taking the questions. First question just, Roche reported a Pegasus number on the quarter; it was shy of at least three expectations. I was wondering if you guys are seeing any changes in the behavior of physicians over the last couple quarters in terms of warehousing and preparation for the potential launches Telaprevir and some other agents? And I got couple real fast housekeeping follow-ups, if you permit?
Bob Kauffman: Im going to take this at this point. Weve been tracking this closely as well. I, first of all want to define what you mean by warehousing. Because people talk about warehousing mean so many different things. Ill tell you that from just inside our own company. So firstly, well tell you how we think about warehousing, which is those people that actually look at future therapies and say I could be treated today, but Im going to not take therapy, and therefore, Im going to wait for the future therapy and they may say, sound obvious to many on the call, but Ill tell you that also people might look at warehousing as those people that have currently failed and are just there in the system waiting for a drug, which is slightly different. So, using our definition of warehousing, which is how many people or how many parents are out there that are actively looking for therapy, but now are deferring it until maybe a Telaprevir comes along. Were seeing a buildup in the system. I dont want to comment on the numbers, because difficult to get true visibility on it. But were seeing a build-up in numbers. And thats specifically in the treatment naive patient setting. And with this disease you always have to look at the two different, lets say patient plows here, as if they are different indications. One being the treatment naive and the second being the treatment failure patient plow. Were also seeing warehousing in the treatment failure, where patients would like to take on therapy, but they are being deterred away or deferred away, because they are hopeful that a drug has come along very shortly that significantly increases the viral cure rate potential. So we are seeing it. Its very difficult to get the absolute numbers. Its such a gray area. But, we are seeing a trend towards warehousing and build reputation.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: Just to make sure I understand that. So you have seen a change in the naive warehousing behavior and that change has been more pronounced than in the failure population. Did I understand your response correctly?
Bob Kauffman: No. No.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: Okay, sorry.
Bob Kauffman: You are putting too much inflexion in the buildup of patients.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Bob Kauffman: Theres a marginal change. But to say a big change -- I mean it's not huge.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Understood. And then just really quickly for Peter. Peter, what was the DLT of 809 in animal studies, and you established that in humans? Im trying to get at how high you can push that dose?
Peter Mueller: The only thing I can say is the therapeutic index of 8 or 9 is very high. I think its dependant on species different obviously, but it is very high, we can push up the dose significantly higher than we currently have.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just finally, Ian, a super housekeeping question, but there is a lot of confusion about it. Can you give us your fully diluted share count with everything thrown in at the end of the year? Is that possible? And then Ill get back in the queue. I appreciate you taking my questions.
Ian Smith: Mark, Im not sure what you mean by everything thrown in. So let me define it.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Sure.
Ian Smith: So at this point in time, when I talk about approximately 200 million shares outstanding, that is the common shares outstanding currently plus the shares that are outstanding relating to the convertible debt. Thats outstanding, and remember, we had approximately $32 million of convertible debt outstanding. So its about -- I think its 400,000 shares included in that. We do have options and if you are asking for the options as well, then it is approximately 20 million options outstanding, so if you want to put the options in as well, it takes you up to close to 220 million shares completely.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank:
Ian Smith: I assume you are trying to model an EPS as we go forward, Mark, what we found in practice is the companys exercise history has shown that its 2 to 3 million shares get added to the common shares outstanding based on option exercises or restricted stock becoming unrestricted, so if you are trying to model it year-to-year.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank: That's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next up is Credit Suisses Michael Aberman.
Ian  Credit Suisse: This is actually Ian [ph] in place of Michael. Can you give us more details in terms of what kind of regimen you have in mind and what the end point would be?
Peter Mueller: Well, as we reported earlier, the concept is that we try to basically combine Telaprevir and 222 in one way, on the other hand as a single trial with the two compounds alone. The other thing is that we basically also do a quad means Telaprevir, 222. The set up is in a way that we have the possibility to basically stop after 12 weeks, which is, I think, phenomenal, and will push us ahead of everybody else. Patient population is around naive, not (inaudible). I think this is also a very important differentiator compared to BMS. And obviously they are stopping rules in there. And we measure, basically, as we are, and safety as the overall outcome, hoping that we have SVR12 and as a critical, lets- say end point and can see where we go from there. The patients that will fail, lets say by measuring in week two and eight, the stopping road means being not detectable, obviously go on to some safety regimen, that are basically not different from what we do right now, is basically 24 weeks, and the relapse is about 48 weeks. I think that is sort of high level what it is. We will come with more details when we have the final, final, which is very soon, and you get some other but important is, it is a real trial and real patients with populations that matter. It is a 12-week setup that gives us the opportunity if it works, to have maybe a regimen out there that is a 12-week regimen, and I think this is a wonderful type of opportunity. Were looking forward for the success.
Ian  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next up, well hear from Yaron Werber, Citi.
Yaron Werber  Citi: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Ian, two questions for you. Just trying again, as we are on an old model, as you mentioned going into the commercial launch, help us understand a little bit, I have one question on SG&A and one on COGS. SG&A in the guidance of 175 to 200 is a step up, so obviously it sounds like there is a lot of commercial planning in there. Help us understand kind of how do we think of that year, you are going to be launching your file sometime later on this year, so you are really launching in the '11. Are you thinking that by the end of this year, you are going to have sales persons on the ground, or should we model that more as a 2011 kind of cost? And then I had a question on COGS too.
Ian Smith: Yaron, thanks. Nancy is going to jump in here and give you some thoughts on lets say timing and how were thinking about infrastructure build through the next year, 18 months to launch, and then I come back and give you the financial outcomes of what Nancy will tell you.
Nancy Wysenski: Yes, thank for the question, Yaron, its a good point. Were right in the midst now, were early, but I think were in a good spot being more than a year out from launch to really start driving the build of all of the infrastructure systems that we need, and everything put in place in headquarters. As that is coming to completion later in the year, well also be starting to hire on the sales side. Well obviously start with management. That will definitely begin in this year, and some of that may likely carry over in to 2011 as well.
Yaron Werber  Citi: How many reps are you thinking? I dont know if you can share with us a little bit kind of, what you think maybe as how you are thinking about the size of what you need to really adequately (inaudible) and just to kind of think about what kind of costs we should be expecting to the out years?
Nancy Wysenski: Yes, I think you can actually look at what other competitive companies have done historically to get a general idea of the bounds here. They are usually looking for coverage of about 4,000 physicians in terms of the specialty arena, who are actually doing the treating, and that can be and has been covered by somewhere between 100 reps to 150 reps, flash with management sales force, so were evaluating that now, and well bring that in to a little crisper focus as the year progresses.
Yaron Werber  Citi: Okay.
Ian Smith: And, Yaron, on the financial answer, what it sounds like is you are trying to project outlook whats kind of steady state SG&A expense. I think what is more easy to do is to say to you that as we look at our G&A; G&A investment is around $100 million right now, up from the 175 that we gave you. And then the 75 million is going to grow, because it is not a full-year cost. So as you look out in to the future years, say, 2011 or 2012. I dont anticipate that G&A continues to ramp up. Were in pretty good shape in terms of infrastructure around there. But in terms of that $75 million number, its directed towards a commercial organization, you are going to see that increase. But there still is a decent carrying cost as we come to the end of 2010, which should move up in 2011.
Yaron Werber  Citi: Right. Thats really useful, and just quickly on COGS. You mentioned that the COGS can be very competitive, and pretty much in line with many of the small molecules out there, but it sounds like manufacturing of this product is a little bit more complicated, you talked about kind of the chain, I dont know if you can help us understand a little bit, typically we think of, lets say high single digit, maybe low double digits kind of cost? I mean is that what you have in mind?
Ian Smith: At this point let me give you some broad strokes on how to think of the cost of goods for the gross margin calculation, but specifically because were expensing our inventory, we have been now for the last couple of years, when we launch the product there isnt actually a cost of goods within our gross margin calculation for the product because we have been expensing it all prior to the point that the drug is actually approved. So we have a very unusual gross margin as we launch this product, and I appreciate you asking the question, because as we work with a number of the models with the sell side and sometimes with the buy side, but specifically the sell side, we find it has been missed sometime so. There is an unusually high margin on maybe the first 18 months to two years of launch of this drug because there is no cost of goods. As we then look forward into the future, I think you can look at other small molecule drugs and think about how they are priced and then think about more normally what their cost is, and then you can do the normal model for a small molecule drug cost, and then consider that versus what price you may be assuming for the product.
Peter Mueller: In terms of manufacturing it is not more complicated than other molecules I have developed in my life, which are many. So I think we have the manufacturing infrastructure very well thought through and in place. Its functioning very well. So dont be worried about this. In terms of costs, in general, I think will we are in a very, lets say good place, and as Ian said really comparable to what you normally see in other small molecules out there, its not outrageous, and if anything its on the better side.
Yaron Werber  Citi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Geoff Meacham, JP Morgan.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question. A couple of questions on 809. The patients in the 200 mg cohort, Im curious if you saw NPD differences and see electrophysiology and really any of the patients? And if not, how do you guys reconcile these differences?
Bob Kauffman: Yes, this is Bob; Ill try to answer that one. As you know NPD, is very important because it measures potential differences in the organ of interest, in the respiratory of helium. On the other hand it has a relatively narrow dynamic range, and quite a lot of variability just the way that technology is done, and theres quite a bit of variability. And so we put NPD into the trial, although our expectations were not high that we would see an NPD effect, and in fact, that is what happened. We didnt see an effect. We have just gotten the data recently, were going back and looking now at the individual patients to try to tease out something, based on your question to try to tease out something, but we have not really completed that yet, so theres not really much to say.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Okay. And then back to an earlier question on 809 
Matthew Emmens: One comment I want to make on top of that.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Okay.
Matthew Emmens: For the secondary end points, it was not hard to get statistical significance. It was an exploratory type of exercise to see whether any of those markers might pop up and what they do. And so we are currently in the analysis of offset to figure out whether they were strength or not, I think the jury is open.
Peter Mueller: Okay. And back to an earlier question, 809, what animal studies that look at delta F maturation, what do they tell you about synergy with 770 and 809.
Matthew Emmens: First of all, thereafter are no good animal models that you know. The only animal model that theres no even, the first models coming down the pike with some people in the University of Iowa, thats the first reliable one, as you probably might be aware of, which is a pig, but I think this model is not validated, so all the measurements that we did is basically done in vitro by taking patient sample, which are HBE brochial, epithelial cells basically from humans and did our measurements with the compound, including the combination. Now, in HBEs what you have seen in 770 so far, 100% translated into human beings. The same you see for 809. Those systems 100% translated into human beings in the same range. Now, the only thing we have not yet in humans is basically the combination. But in terms of HBEs the combination of 809 and 770, is more than additive, so its a 2.5 fold to 3 fold increase basically to a certain extent even and I think which were expecting, given the fact that 770 translated into humans, and 809 translated into humans, that there is some positive outcome, in 809 and 770. The only open question is that enough to basically induce therapeutic relevant outcome? And we will see that when we do the study.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Got you. Okay. And then a final question for, Ian, just when you think about R&D for '09 is there any way in broad brush strokes you can break out any hep C, CF and everything else and then maybe extrapolate these trends and how they evolve going forward?
Ian Smith: Strokes on 2009, yes, I can give you some indication, Geoff, which helps you go forward, which is total R&D costs for 2009 was approximately $480 million, and first of all, you have to deduct the research cost of that, which is, as always has stayed pretty steady now for the last few years. Thats about $150 million. So that leaves development investments at around $330 million, of which there is some commercial supply investment in that. Lets just call the development investment about $300 million. And the way to carve that up is the principal investment is towards HCV and CF and if you think about the number of patients were studying in HCV which is close to 2500, the number of patients we treated during 2009, and then compare that to start-up cost in the patients we started with cystic fibrosis which was probably 200 to 250 in all the trials, it gives you a pretty good idea of the spread. Ill point out though that the cost of running a cystic fibrosis or the cost of a patient in a cystic fibrosis trial is significantly more expensive than that in an HCV. Unfortunately, these patients are very sick and also a lot of the work that were doing in the CF area is with some of the academic institutions. So, it carries a higher cost per patient, but it gives you an idea of how it splits up.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Liang of Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Thank you very much. I have a few questions related to data time line for this year. First for Telaprevir 222 combination data were going to see in the third quarter would that be on-treatment data or follow-up day?
Ian Smith: That will be on-treatment data.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Okay. And then for STRIVE, I heard Peter say that I think the trial is 48 weeks. I think the design is six months efficacy, 12 months safety. Is that still the same? And will we see six month efficacy data this year?
Matthew Emmens: You got the trial design right. So Ill take the disclosure question, Howard. And this question has been asked a number of times. There are different scenarios that you may see the 24-week data, but they will generally be if were being asked by the FDA to file early because the data is so compelling, or the FDA is requiring us to file early, which will be a combination of the efficacy data and also the six months safety date. And there will probably be some patients that have completed a full 12 months at that point. But, if not, then you will remain blinded to the 24 -week answer through to the trial running its course for 48 weeks, given that that is the trial design. So basically the trigger to think about getting something early is that the FDA is asking us to file early.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Okay. And lastly, could we see DISCOVER data this year?
Matthew Emmens: Likely to see DISCOVER data this year?
Peter Mueller: The answer is no, we probably wont be disclosing that prior to sort of all of the rest of it being disclosed. Bob.
Bob Kauffman: Yes, the idea here is that the FDA asked us to run three programs. It was all part of the whole registration package, whether it was in adults, ages 6 through 11, and then the delta 508, which was part of the registration package for safety, so were looking at it as our one unit to file with the FDA, unless they ask us to do something differently.
Howard Liang  Leerink Swann: Thanks very much.
Operator: JMP Securities, Liisa Bayko has the next question.
Eric  JMP Securities: This is Eric [ph] calling in for Liisa. I just had a couple of quick questions on the STAT-C Combo. How much animal tox do you have for 222? And secondly, I guess this is for Peter, what gives you confidence in 222 and Telaprevir as a 12-week regimen.
Peter Mueller: I think thats a good question. First answer is we have three-month coverage for both molecules, 222, as well as obviously, Telaprevir we have everything all the way through the end, we have basically a year safety. So we have enough, basically to do what we planned to do. We are basically also conducting longer-term talks as we go forward, thats in the works, but at this point in time, I think we can conduct the trial that we have in mind. Now what gives me the confidence? The confidence is driven by simulation approaches that we have in our organization, as you might well be aware of, and we have probably spoken to that already is, we have a very sophisticated HCV disease model that also gives insight in therapeutic regimens and the responsible regimens to effect the patient behavior. We use that model to predict basically how Telaprevir will work, and that was the phase for basically getting down from 48 weeks to 24 weeks. This model is very sophisticated, has all patient information, including very information in patients and sequencing data in there. When you do that, but adding in 222, you get a good insight for the potential outcome might be. The confidence level in this model is high. Its actually very accepted by the (inaudible) also in the FDA. When you look at that, there is a chance that is regimen might at the end of the day (inaudible) thats why Im confident. Im very confident about that. Well see how it goes.
Eric  JMP Securities: Great. And just one last quick question. Going forward can Telaprevir be dosed for more than three months based on its tolerability profile, as a combination agent?
Bob Kauffman: Yes. This is Bob. Weve looked at that and if you remember in the PROVE 3 trial there was one of the treatment arms that included 24 weeks in Telaprevir in combination with in vitro viral and our overall view was that the tolerability of that regimen was somewhat less than 12 weeks, and yes, there was no biologic benefit to increasing the treatment from 12 weeks t0 24 weeks. . So in terms of risk benefit, there didnt seem to be any real need to go beyond 12 weeks of Telaprevir. I think for the combination work, we certainly believe thats true. We dont believe the maturations point of the 12 weeks for Telaprevir would be necessary.
Peter Mueller: The other comment I want to make is you have a very different regimen because you have not akin to ribavirin as background. That might change to safety profile to the better, and we basically cannot extrapolate from the one to the other.
Eric  JMP Securities: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Jason Kantor, RBC Capital Markets is up next.
Jason Kantor  RBC Capital Markets: Most of my questions have been asked already. Thanks for taking mine. Sorry I was on mute there. Real quick on the RA program, what sort of data will we see this year? What timeframe would we expect this to be in? Would this be kind of final Phase 2 data or would this be interim? And then another question, real quick, for Nancy, you mentioned that you in joining the firm saw that they, the company has a unique HCV market insights. And Im just wondering what those might be relative to what everybody else is thinking about the market.
Peter Mueller: Ill answer the first question, Jason. Thats a good question. So as we have said, were measuring HCV 20, 50, and 70, and thats one of the key readouts. On the other hand it is basically a safety profile, and we look at everything that needs to be looked at there. So that is the type of data you can expect in the second half of the year. And Nancy 
Jason Kantor  RBC Capital Markets: Is that 12-week data that well be seeing?
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. No, it will be interim data.
Nancy Wysenski: Okay. So, thank you, Jason. This is Nancy. I was very impressed once I joined Vertex and had a chance to start meeting particularly with my direct reports and the staff on the commercial side that they have done quite a bit of work. In fact, maybe sort of leading the whole pack in terms of how we think about the HCV market. I can tell you one of the biggest differences that I saw once I got in house and had access to this, really, very sound research, is particularly as it relates to the differentiation of the patients who have been previously treated and their thinking about moving forward, and the physicians thinking about moving forward versus the naive patients, and really looking at those as two different segments, and well be progressing with that thinking moving forward, and I hope to share more details as we learn more.
Bob Kauffman: And Id just add to what Nancy said in that, the understanding of the market, because a lot of this came earlier on, our understanding of the market and how to access these patients in these different patient was has driven how the team has created the clinical studies. And if you think about the studies that were running today as a company, and then the fast followers that their studies that they are running, they have become model after us. So when you look at some of the features in our trial design, specifically the RVR measure that weve driven how and now were finding at the major patient motivator to stay on therapy, I use that as one example, but the trial design and the following other are now showing of design their own study, that is very similar to our own, has all come out of our understanding of this market, the patient, the dialogue thats going on between the physician and the patient, and then also the type of patient, which is difficult to understand, and then clearly the advocacy groups. We have been working very closely with them, and spending a lot of time down in D.C. with the CDC as well to understand this market and maybe drive more screening for what we think is a really serious disease.
Jason Kantor  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Next up, well hear from Terence Flynn with Lazard Capital Markets.
Terence Flynn  Lazard Capital Markets: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just two quick ones. First, I was wondering if you guys can give us any update on the plans to conduct a Telaprevir trial, and patients and co-infected with hep C and HIV and then any plans to get that on an eventual Telaprevir label? And then second question is just wondering if were going to see any further commercial supply build in the first half of 2011 prior to the launch of the drug? Thanks a lot.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob; Ill answer the first one. We have a co-infection study, a pilot study actually running right now. And, yes, we would hope to get HIV co-infection on the label eventually. Everything will depend on the results we see in the pilot study and then subsequent design of a Phase 3 program. But its ongoing.
Peter Mueller: And in terms of supply chain, Terence, I think yes, you will see something in 2011 because its a continuous process, its basically an 18-month type of endeavor, you have to make sure that you have safety stock and everything else, so I think we have now done in 2010, just to continue that for2011, goes on now, and is driven by market forecast, and other customer needs that we have like Mitsubishi.
Bob Kauffman: To be honest, I m a little confused by the question. We expect that this have longevity in the market. So as well product we got to replace it, so, of course, in 2011, 12, 13, and onwards were building commercial inventory for turning into product for patients. It will be accounted for in a different manner, but the point is that its a proved, thats what the question to driving at the point the product is approved, and we will be capitalizing inventory.
Terence Flynn  Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well now go to Brian Abrahams, Oppenheimer & Company.
Brian Abrahams  Oppenheimer & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Two questions on VX-809. I apologize if some of this was already covered and I hopped on late, in escalating doses further with single -agent 809, would you be able to do this as an extension of the Phase 2 that just reported out or would this need to be an entirely new trial? And then how high of a magnitude in sweat chloride improvements, which you need to get to relative to what you saw with 770 to be confident that 809 is ultimately going to produce functional benefits either loan or in combo with 700 or are you already there? Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. Ill take those questions. For one the study that we reported out is closed. So theres no opportunity to include additional doses in that trial. We would actually look forward to potentially doing the dose escalation with VX-809 in conjunction with a combination trial. Perhaps is one part of it. Those plans are not solid yet, but thats what were thinking. We obviously have to analyze the current study first and then move on. We would probably include them as potentially as one trial with some dose escalation followed by a combination work. Then, your second question is one that I cant really answer because, I think that is one of the major questions in the program, is how much the FBR activity, how much correction is necessary to produce a clinically meaningful effect. As you are aware we saw this in VX-770, with the given amount of sweat chloride change, but its only one point and thats the only point we have so far. So I think it will really depend a lot on what we see in the next set of trials. Thats of course the major question for the program. And thats the next step.
Brian Abrahams  Oppenheimer & Company: Good enough. Thanks very much.
Operator: Moving on to Adam Cutler, Canaccord.
Adam Cutler  Canaccord: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Im wondering if you can just remind us what studies you have done with 222 since you bought (inaudible), and anything that you may have learned in particular from those studies about the ability to dose up further or dose down, any other lessons perhaps? And then separate question is, is it still a possibility that you may work with other companies to look at Telaprevir in combinations with other agents
Peter Mueller: Okay. So to the first thing, I think we did basically single dose and multiple dose escalating studies in healthy volunteers with 222. We did DDI studies, as you mentioned we develop here on. And those data were helping us to basically build the foundation for the combination trial that we are currently having in the works with agencies. So thats the number one thing. In terms of the other question can Telaprevir be linked with other type of approaches and molecules? Absolutely, yes. The reason that we believe in that is we are on our own have still other programs going on like a 5A program that you are aware of and we are constantly evaluating out of rural, whether there are any molecules out there that are commensurate and compatible with overall growth for Telaprevir or the goal of a combination therapy.
Adam Cutler  Canaccord: Okay. And then just one further point on that, do you expect the 750-milligram BID regimen is what you will, for 222, is what youll use on the combo studies?
Bob Kauffman: Can you just hold on that kind of specifics on the combo studies? What well do actually when we announce the combination study, is well actually give you the data on the dose ranging study that Peter referred to, and also the drug-drug interaction study that was referred to, and that will help support why we have designed the trial the way we have. So if you just hold on that, we will give it to you shortly.
Adam Cutler  Canaccord: Okay.
Peter Mueller: Dosing regimens for the combo you will see sooner we basically announce some split up. But I assume that we go with the most straightforward fashion.
Adam Cutler  Canaccord: Great. Thanks. I look forward to it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Davis Bu, Goldman Sachs.
Davis Bu  Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you for taking the questions. I guess I had a question about your CF program or two related questions. The first is looking at the DISCOVER trial, am I right in assuming that its powered to demonstrate efficacy? And if so, if you could share with us what the powering assumptions are? And then secondly as it relates to that, does the 809 data change your level of optimism for showing, positive benefits in the DISCOVER trial? And would you consider upsizing that trial?
Peter Mueller: So Bob, do you want to? I answer the second one first, and then Bob talk to the first one. I think 809 is a corrector molecule and 770, the cover trial is a potentiator molecule. So we compare here (inaudible) type of approaching different for malaise, so. I think cant really compare that. However, VX-809 enhance my enthusiasm for the overall success of the combination in CF program, absolutely, Im enthusiastic that we saw what we saw. I think this is really phenomenal, and it gives you a lot of options as we go forward. So Bob will talk about 
Bob Kauffman: Yes, this is Bob. So the DISCOVER trial really was sized for a safety end point based on in vitro data, we have a certain set of expectations on the amount of potential activity we would see. Its very much exploratory; we actually dont know what well see. And I guess to my confidence level, VX-809, as Peter mentioned, is just a very different drug, and thats why different mechanisms, so I really wouldnt expect there to be any spill-over effect in confidence from one compound to the other. I think you have to see them as very independent. And the answer is no, were going to keep the study the size that it currently is.
Davis Bu  Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Michael Partridge: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today will come from Jason Zhang, BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Can you hear me?
Peter Mueller: Yes.
Jason Zhang  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. I have two questions, one, I dont know whether its too early to talk about pricing, but let me just pose this question. Ian, you say you have a very good understanding of the market, particularly, the difference between the treatment-naive and treatment-failure. Knowing that these patients are going to come to the treatment differently, and that affects your assumption of revenue, is that something you also would take into consideration when you price the drug?
Ian Smith: Yes, so, lets keep it broad right now, and it s early to talk about pricing, but broadly, we can talk by, were going to look at the patient flow. Were going to look at the benefit were providing to the two different patient populations. And we need to look at the results that we get in the two different trials that were running, thats the benefit to the patients. So I guess part of the answer is absolutely were going to take a look at treatment failure versus naive, because there is a differential benefit between these two patient populations, and well incorporate that into our strategic pricing.
Jason Zhang  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Then the second one, maybe I guess this is for both Bob and Peter, given what we have seen with 809 data, I guess, Bob you lose a little bit in that the combination trial, you might actually include a dose escalating of 809, and based on that data, you might proceed to the combination or you are going to go straight to the combination no matter what, but I think given those response and given the modest activity at least for our sweat chloride decrease, would it make more sense to really find a optimal dose of 809 before you actually decide the combination trial?
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. So, yes, we are obviously committed to going as quickly as we can into the combination, since we see that as the primary development path for the drug. At the same time we have to get the doses right. And you just cant run a study at the wrong dose level. So, both are true. I think we would do the dose escalation should it be warranted when we take a look at all the data, and then we could just include those higher doses in a combination part of that study, for example as one study or could be done as two closely links trials, thats really what we havent really completely firmed up yet. Well be doing that shortly.
Jason Zhang  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Just a quick follow-up on the previous question about DISCOVER. Even though, the two drugs works very differently, but we know in preclinical model, particularly, if you do test in the 508 deletion mutants, the tuition to have a somewhat, I guess, same efficacy, but you put them together like Peter said you have two full inquiries. Im just wondering again, given what you have seen with 809 in this mutant, what is your view on the DISCOVER trial now? Or would they also inform you about your future combination? Would you rather wait to see what that trial will give you? Because again if you have the same effect like you have seen with 809 in that trial, what confidence level do you have for the combination?
Peter Mueller: I want to give a very high level answer to that point. I think at the end of the day, as you well know, Jason, its all about what it really does in human beings, so lets do the trials, figure out what the response is, and then basically make a good and solid discussion and decision how to move forward. My confidence level out of the preclinical data is high that we will see something, but we will see what that means in therapeutic benefit as soon as we have patient data, and that is sort of what I would say, the rest is speculation. You can speculate until the (inaudible) come home and you can have your ideas, I can have mine, and thats wonderful.
Jason Zhang  BMO Capital Markets: Thanks.
Michael Partridge: Okay. Thanks, everyone for joining us. We will be in our offices this evening and available for additional questions, and we appreciate you taking the time to participate tonight. Thanks.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays conference. Thank you for all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Partridge - Senior Director, Strategic Communications Matthew W. Emmens - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Peter Mueller - Executive Vice President - Global Research and Development, Chief Scientific Officer 
Analysts:  Rachel McMinn - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch  Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Yaron Werber - Citi Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley Phil Madu (ph) - Cowen & Co. Howard Liang - Leerink Swann Maged Shenouda - UBS Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets Tom Russo - Baird Davis Bu - Goldman Sachs Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer & Company Alan Carr - Needham & Company
 : Katherine Sue - Wedbush Securities 
Operator:  Good afternoon. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals third quarter conference call. Today's call is being recorded. (Operator's Instructions) Mr. Partridge, you are ready to begin.
Michael Partridge: Yes. Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to Vertex's third quarter financial results conference call. This quarter was characterized by continued progress in two Phase 3 registration programs targeting diseases of significant unmet medical need; that is hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis, as well as the completion of transactions that added to our financial strengths. In the area of hepatitis C at AASLD later this week we will be present FTR data from Study C208. Study C208 is exploring telaprevir's potential to be dosed twice daily or every 12 hours. These will also be the first FTR results we report for a response guided trial design, which is how we are studying telaprevir in our Phase 3 program to potentially improve treatment outcomes for patients. We also continued to make progress towards the start of the combination trial with telaprevir and VX-222 in patients as early as the end of this year, reflecting our strategy to sustain long-term leadership in HCV. In the area of cystic fibrosis we're now enrolling patients in three studies within a registration program for our potentiator compound VX-770. We also recently announced that we had completed enrolment in the Phase 2 study of our corrector compound, VX-809.  Following me on today's call will be prepared remarks from Ian Smith, Dr. Peter Mueller, and Matt Emmens. I will remind you that information discussed on this conference call includes forward looking statements which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our third quarter 2009 financial press release which can be accessed on our website. Unless otherwise noted, all 2009 expenses and guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation and executive transition expenses, restructuring expense, acquisition related expenses, and loss from exchange of convertible debt. Before I turn over the call to Ian I would like to remind those of you not attending the AASLD Conference that this coming, November 1st, we are planning to webcast our presentation to investors and analysts, and that presentation will be focused on new data for our HCV protease inhibitor telaprevir. We anticipate the webcast will begin at 7:00 pm Eastern Time and run for approximately one hour. Thank you, I will now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Michael, and good evening to everyone. I'm pleased to report that Vertex continues to operate from a strong financial position. For Vertex, at our stage of business we think the most important financial measure is our cash position balanced against the cash investment required to bring the company to cash flow positive. We're paying close attention to this while managing the disease, molecule, and geography opportunities within our business, and managing our common shares outstanding. This creates a healthy tension in our business right now as we continue to prioritize planning for the NDA submission and the potential of telaprevir launch. As a marker of our financial strength, we finished the third quarter with a position of $857 million, reflecting $227 million in cash from the completion of transactions that added a total of $260 million to our balance sheet in 2009 to data. An additional $33 million from these transactions was received on October 1st and will be reflected in our fourth quarter cash position. In summary, following the closure of our recent financial transactions and management of our net cash investment or loss, we expect to end the year with approximately $800 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. This enables us to enter 2010 in a strong cash position and allows us to support the advancement of late-stage programs in HCV and CF as well as to initiate other proof of concept trials and continue our research productivity. Now to the third quarter 2009 financial results. Third quarter 2009 non-GAAP loss before certain charges was approximately $127 million compared to a third quarter 2008 non-GAAP loss of approximately $150 million . The increase was primarily attributable to a reduction in collaborative R&D revenues and an increase in commercially focused investment to support advancement of telaprevir toward launch. The GAAP net loss for the third quarter of 2009 was approximately $150 million, compared to a GAAP net loss of approximately $130 million in the third quarter 2008. Total revenues for third quarter of 2009 were approximately $25 million compared to $32 million for 2008. The principle contributors to revenue are driven by our collaboration agreements with J&J and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma.  Total R&D expense was approximately $132 million, which is consistent with the R&D expense in the third quarter of 2008. The investment into R&D continues primarily to support the development programs for HCV, cystic fibrosis, and new product creation from research. Our third quarter SG&A expense was approximately $37 million compared to approximately $25 million in the third quarter of 2008, an increase primarily resulting from our commercial activities as we prepare to launch telaprevir.  In closing, we are fortunate to have a strong cash position to support our late stage programs. As we move into 2010 we will remain focused on the balancing of our cash position, capital structure, and the investment to support the company to being cash flow positive. Peter, over to you.
Peter Mueller: Thank you, Ian. With my prepared remarks I want to briefly update everyone on the status our two key registration programs in HCV and cystic fibrosis. I'll start with CF because our compounds VX-770 and VX-809 were prominently highlighted two weeks ago at the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference in Minneapolis. I know most of you were not able to be there, but I will tell you, there is a strong enthusiasm from the medical community about the potential for these compounds to address the underlined defective protein responsible for this disease. In May this year, we initiated the Phase 3 registration program for VX-770. The program consists of three ongoing separate trial; STRIVE, ENVISON, and DISCOVER, which have been defined to evaluate the utility of VX-770 across different age groups and genotypes, including children as young as six years of age. In the registration program, VX-770 is being dosed as a single tablet twice daily. Clinical sites are up and running and patients are being dosed in all three trials. We expect to complete enrolment in the first quarter of 2010 in the STRIVE trial, which will be a marker of progress in our comprehensive registration program. We look forward to providing additional updates as appropriate as these studies progress. Now turning to VX-809, our second compound, targeting disorphaned disorder. Last week we completed enrolment in the Phase 2A trial with VX-809 on the investigation of CFTR corrector compound that targets patients with the delta F508 mutation. The Phase 2A trial is primarily a safety study, however it is also designed to assess the potential effect VX-809 has on biomarkers of CFTR function including sweat chloride, to measure potential difference. Any trend towards improvement that indicates that VX-809 could help to increase CFTR activity would be very encouraging for further development of VX-809 alone or in combination with VX-770. Based on rapid enrolment within the study, we now expect to have data from the Phase 2 trial in the first quarter of 2010.  Now to HCV, this week as you heard, we are preparing to present data at AASLD, the major US based liver meeting. And I know that this is of high interest to investors and many of you are focused on this meeting.   At AASLD we will be providing SVR data from the study C208, our twice daily dosing study, which also will be the first (inaudible) from our response guided trial defined as similar, but a design being used in the ADVANCE and ILLUMINATE Phase 3 registration trials. We believe a response-guided therapy has the potential to improvement treatment outcomes and shorten the duration of therapy for the majority of patients. We can't talk about the data yet  and you will hear much more about telaprevir in both treatment nave and treatment failure patients in the coming weeks.  What I will therefore do is spend a little time talking about our registration trials and our STAT-C combination plans. The telaprevir Phase 3 program is advancing with an outcome that we hope will result in a strong product profile for treatment nave and treatment failure patients. The majority of treatment nave patients in our Phase 3 registration program are now in the post treatment follow up phase or beyond. We expect to have SVR data from ADVANCE and ILLUMINATE in treatment nave patients in the first half of 2010 and from the realized study in treatment failure patient in mid 2010. Turning to our STAT-C combination plans, we are concluding that three day viral kinetic study evaluating four different doses of VX-222 as a monotherapy. We initiated a drug-drug interaction study with telaprevir in the third quarter. Depending on our discussions with regulatory authorities and on data from these trials, we are planning to initiate the first combination study in patients with telaprevir as early as the end of this year. This could put us in a position to have proof of concept with the telaprevir VX-222 combination by mid-2010. In regards to the CMC, chemistry manufacturing of controls part of telaprevir development, today actually we are producing commercial inventory. We are manufacturing at metric ton scale. We have run all the registration validation campaign of telaprevir API which is the active pharmaceutical ingredient, and drug product, and are preparing for our (inaudible) as we go forward. Everything is aligned with our commercial launch timelines at this time. The commercial product we are manufacturing is actually the same as the product we are using in the Phase 3 program. J&J also have put in place a supply chain to meet their territory needs, which also will provide a backup supply chain for us in North America if required. In summary, with the data we have today we have begun to prepare the NDA documents for telaprevir and expect to have data from our Phase 3 program and CMC package complete for the NDA's submission in the second half of 2010. Before I close I'd like to highlight also VX-509, our selective inhibitor for JAK3. We announced last month that we expect to advance VX-509 into a proof of concept drug in the first quarter of 2010. It will be a double-blind randomized placebo controlled trial. The key focus will be on safety tolerability and clinical activity. We anticipate dosing for 12 weeks compared to placebo. Also, we will announce the design of the study at the time of initiation and we are planning to measure ACR 20s, 50s, and 70s, as indicators of clinical benefit, and obviously the safety profile will be very important. In summary, we have made significant progress since the start of the year by achieving critical milestones according to our set timelines in both HCF and CF registration programs, and we continue on track as we move closer to potential regulatory submissions in two major diseases. I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Matthew W. Emmens: Thanks, Peter. As you have just heard from Ian and Peter, we are continuing our work towards building a fully capable biopharmaceutical company. We're keeping a keen eye on our cash position while we invest in development opportunities and maintain our discovery activities that are ongoing. Today we have two late stage programs in HCV and CF, and we have the potential to gain data from several proof of concept studies that represent future growth potentials in 2010.   In building the company, we need to be very thoughtful as we evaluate each program and launch a compound. We will target serious diseases with potentially transformative therapies. We believe we are in a strong position with the product profile we have shown to date for telaprevir. We could have the first compound to address the unmet need of the treatment failure population and also the first twice-daily STAT-C agent to treat HCV. We are focused on the completion of the telaprevir Phase 3 registration program and are on track to submit an NDA in the second half of next year. With telaprevir, we think we are in the right place and at the right time heading into 2010, and we are well positioned in working towards addressing the treatment needs of HCV patients and the increasing number of patients that are looking for new treatment options. We see opportunity to sustain leadership in HCV well into the future as treatment evolves. That's why we're also focusing on initiating combination treatment with telaprevir and our VX-222.  We are also focused on building a commercial infrastructure that enables us to develop the market and establish market leadership. I enjoy connecting with the commercial end of the business. It's an area I know well and the potential to launch telaprevir and build a highly effective and focused sales forces is what I'm most excited about today. In addition to the sales force, we are focused on bringing in an internal commercial talent to the company, including a new chief commercial officer. The ability to discover and subsequently develop important medicines is the basis of our business, and in addition to telaprevir, we have another opportunity with our cystic fibrosis program.  There is no therapy right now to address the underlying defective protein responsible for cystic fibrosis. Having previously worked in specialty pharmaceutical market area, I recognize that VX-770 and VX-809 have opened the door to potentially address another significant unmet need and help grow our company. In building Vertex, I'm working with Peter, Ian, and others, to strive the right balance between disease areas where we believe we can make the most impact with development of important molecule, while a the same time, funding our business and managed our capital structure due to positive cash flow. To me this is exciting and it is the fun I love. I believe we have the effective strategy in place. We are executing in all aspects of the business, and importantly, we have the time to complete our build prior to launch of telaprevir. In summary, I think we're in a great position. This is a rewarding business and I think and you look forward to seeing a number of you at AASLD next week. Michael, back to you.
Michel Partridge: Thanks, Matt. We will now open up the call to your questions.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Thank you much for taking the question. You've mentioned that data from combination studies where telaprevir and 222 could be available by mid-2010. I know you're not prepared to talk about specifics of the trial design there, but what kind of data are you talking about? Is this RVR data?  And then secondly, are regulators requiring any type of combination in animal tox data prior to starting these studies, and if so, do you have that data?
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Rachel. It sounds like more of a disclosure so I'll let Peter give you some background of how we're thinking of the trial and the second question of the tox data. But by mid-2010, given the trial that we're currently contemplating and discussing with the regulatory authorities, we should have interim data that will give us an understanding of the biokinetics and also when we say biokinetics it's not just the log drops, but also whether we have viral breakthrough over a duration and over duration for the study. We need to understand what kind of duration we can conduct the study at. As we think about the study it will be all different forms of combination with telaprevir and 222 and it'll include with and without ribavirin and we hope to have data mid-2010 specifically in the viral kinetics and breakthrough and initial safety profile. 
Peter Mueller: So in terms of the tox studies and the regulatory requirements around those, what's important to understand is we have already a complete safety package for telaprevir and there is 2,500 patients included. I think we should, first of all, mention that. And secondly, we have completed 12 week nonclinical tox studies with VX-222 that would allow us to go at least go in a three-month regimen.  Now, in terms of requirements given the least movement, what is required for the regulatory agencies is that you have at least for each of your experimental drugs which telaprevir is not really see as that any longer, but in general a 12 week type of tox study and then you can move forward. What I step away from and make it a little earlier in these early, more experimental phases is that you dont have to provide a combination tox study with both compounds in animals provided up front. So we are in discussions with regulatory agencies as we speak and we will be keep you updated as to when we get feedback and can talk about it.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Well okay, then just to close the loop there, what's the negating factor to starting that study?
Ian F. Smith: Feedback from the regulatory authorities to move ahead with a trial design that we've currently submitted. You should see more clarity on the trial design and the start of this study towards the end of the year.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Perfect, thanks very much.
Operator:  And we'll go now with Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks very much. Just to probe a little bit more on that trial first, Peter. Can you give us a sense  from your comments, should we assume that you will be able to have at least one arm of just 222 and telaprevir without total administration of interferon and/or ribavirin or post subsequent administration of interferon and ribavirin. And then just a question for Matt as well. Matt, could you talk a little bit more about filling out your management team? What should we anticipate there in terms of beefing the company up to prepare to become commercial? Thanks.
Peter Mueller: So thanks, Geoff, for the question. As you can imagine, theoretically we plan for such a thing, but I think it's all hinging on discussion that can't be ongoing with regulatory agencies in the world. So if everything comes down the way we want to, we will have such an arm.
Matthew W. Emmens: Okay, Geoff. And as far as your question regarding filling out the commercial, obviously I have a tight timeframe I think we can work within. I've had in excess of 37 unsolicited offers of interest in that chief commercial job and we've got another eight or so from our recruiters so I think that that's going to be a selection from a very, very high calibre list of people. And I would like to have it done by the year-end. Then at the same time we are continuing our search for the head of sales and I can tell you I have had a pretty in-depth review over the last couple of weeks here of where we stand with everything  we are in great shape. A lot of companies don't start commercial build out until a year prior to launch and we started, as you know three years. So I think our strategy's solid, in place, and it's a matter now of getting that chief commercial officer in place, but mostly it comes to the ales implementation side  a place where Im vey comfortable. I've built  I've literally built four or five from scratch in my career and we're in great shape for that. Ours is a little bit configured differently, but nothing that's that challenging as far as getting interested people. And the company's pretty well known right now. We've having a lot of interest by people all over the industry. And some of the very good people  I think people would be surprised as who applies for jobs. Sometimes it's amazing to look at the list of who's who. So we're in a good shape.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Tenthoff with Piper Jaffray.
Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you very much for taking the question. Two quick ones just sticking with the HCV side for now; what are your thoughts about potentially doing studies in combination with EPO either prior to, just to explore the impact there, and whether or not the FDA may require that? And then what can you tell us about the new NS5A compound and when should that come into the clinic?
Peter Mueller: So at this given point in time, as you know, our Phase 3 study is without EPO to have a clean label and we have no plans right now to engage in any EPO driven trials. The 5A program we have is in preclinical stage as you know, and my hope is that in the course of the first half of 2010 we can record more about start of preclinical development.
Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray: Great. And is there a chance that we'll get preclinical data at (inaudible) next year?
Peter Mueller: For 5A?
Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray: Yes.
Peter Mueller: Probably too early.
Ian F. Smith: It's a little early to call that, Ted.
Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray: Great. Excellent, thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan:  Thanks for taking my question; question for you on 208. Any updates for you on the regulatory strategy there? I know you guys have talked in the past about doing a PKA study to support labeling, but I'm wondering if you can actually rule out having to do a formal 48 week TID versus a BID study at this point?
Peter Mueller: Yeah. So there is a huge variety of options that you can consider, so we believe that telaprevir has the potential to be dosed twice a day. We are working with (inaudible) to basically figure out what the right strategy is. In the most extreme case, you could anticipate from regulatory agencies to have another, let us say a 600-800 patient study. That is the most extreme on the one end and the other one will be on the other hand that you can have a strategy around draft level discussions and PKPD arguments which also have been applied in former years in different indication errors like HIV which also could give you a nice way into it, but you would not have to do a lot of studies and there's everything in between.   And so we are currently preparing for a dialogue with the agencies and we will come back to it when we know what the response is.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Any guess as to which one at this point feels more likely on the strength of the 208 data?
Peter Mueller: I think you can read the crystal ball, nobody knows what HD will do.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: And last question, for the NDA you'll have obviously well over 2,000 patients, and have you guys ever had a discussion with the FDA with respect to an expanded access program prior to approval and what would be the consideration?
Peter Mueller: So far we didn't.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse:  Hi, thanks for taking the question. I'll also turn to C208, you guys have mentioned on the press release and again on the call about this being the first time that we'll see data with the response driven protocol that you use in the Phase 3. Can you help us understand why you think that's important in terms of what our expectations should be and how that looks compared to the earlier trials that youve had? And also, we've seen differences between the interferons. Presumably there's different interferon in this trials a well. How should we be thinking about  as we had into AASLD, how should w be thinking about the results in relation to the different interferons, as well as looking at the BID versus TID.
Ian F. Smith: So thanks, Michael, I am going to take the first part of the question because we are using this phase frequently, response guided therapy, so I just need to explain what we mean by that and then Peter can you help you understand a little bit further about how conducing the Phase 3s and the outcomes that we're hoping may result from the protocols that we set in the Phase 3. So when we talk about response guided therapy, we're trying to help people understand that the results that we've shown so far in our Phase 2 program was not under a response guided regimen. What we mean by that is there is a number of patients that do not achieve an RBR. If you do not achieve an RB then you did not stay on six month therapy  you actually went to 48 weeks of the regimen. And those patients may have achieved an SVR. However, the SVRs that we've actually shown in the past were actually only for those  those patients that achieved RVR in the PROVE 1 study. So as we thinking about response guided therapy, and the protocol that we're using in Phase 3, we are giving non-RVR patients a chance to achieve an SVR in the Phase 3 protocol. So we are trying to make that distinction that that is the Phase 3 protocol, and we're hopeful that it may achieve better outcomes than what we saw in the Phase 2 program. Now I'll hand it over to Peter as think about more broadly the Phase III protocol design?
Peter Mueller: Well, there's not a lot more to be added other than that you have here a clear inroad to keep more patients in a situation that they might achieve, as we are. That's number one. The other thing is that you could also have a brief statement in terms of data that gives you a chance to make a decision whether a person has to stay on for 24 weeks on regimen. And I think chances are that you will find that the majority of patients will benefit from (inaudible) regimen and I think that's hard of the trial design that keeps you basically at this option.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Yaron Werber with Cit.
Yaron Werber - Citi:  Hey, thanks for taking the question. Ian and Matt, it's a question for you. I know you've not given guidance for next year, but just maybe help us understand a little bit your R&D plans. Because on the one hand, the fairly sizable telaprevir Phase 3 program is going to end, but on the other hand it sounds like ramming up you RCF program and my understanding is the cost per patient is a little bit higher. There are fewer patients, but still the cost is going to be higher and then you're also taking a baby program potentially forward. I mean, there is a great pipeline here, but just help us understand a little bit, should we think of R&D as being flat next year or should we think of R&D maybe even going up next year: Are we thinking about this the right way?
Ian F. Smith: Yaron, thanks for the question. So I'm firstly going to start by saying I can't answer your question directly because I'd be giving guidance for 2010 and were actually in the midst of our planning cycle for 2010 so I can't give you the specific answer to your question. However, I can help you understand how we're thinking about R&D next year in terms of the clinical programs and what are we trying to achieve with our R&D investments. So number one, with research and for the last few years, we have run research investments at a relatively constant level. That will continue into 2010. Secondly as we look at the two key T2 disease areas, we have HCV, which you are correct, will hopefully be concluding our registration program, but we are hopeful that we will be expanding on our combination, STAT-C combination program So as one comes down, there is one that will increase. I dont' want to give the relative numbers, but there is an expanded effort with the STAT-C combination programs.    And then into cystic fibrosis, in 2009 we've been predominantly focused on a small scale Phase 2 program with VX-809, the corrector compound, and the registration study for VX-770. As we look into 2010, VX-770 should be going along full steam. This year it's just been starting up. And 809 we're hopeful will come to conclusion, but we're hopeful that we get a good result out of the 809 study then allows us to progress into combination therapy within the cystic fibrosis. So those are the two areas of thrust in the ACV and cystic fibrosis. And then we have, as mentioned earlier; we have a Phase 2 program that we want to run with our JAK 3 inhibitor so that will be running along. And then we have some earliest digestants. The research output continues to be strong and we think that we'll have some preclinical and early clinical work on compounds that continue to come out of our own research.
Yaron Werber - Citi: Yeah, fair enough. And then just a follow on for Peter, and let's assume  it sounds like the BID data is going to look good with telaprevir, can you clarify? Is there any chance that you are actually going to move to STAT-C combinations with 222, using telaprevir BID, or would you want to keep the TID just because that's how the approval is going to happen.
Peter: So I think this is something we should like to debate after AASLD, when you have seen all the data.
Yaron Werber - Citi: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Harr with Morgan Stanley.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley:  Just a question on the second generation protease inhibitors as they've kind of been in Phase 1 here for awhile and just wanted a little update of where they are and when we might see some data.
Peter Mueller: Okay. So Steve, basically we are talking about two compounds, VX-995 and VX-813, and our belief is in terms of prioritization we have to basically put more emphasis on 222 right now, however, I think we will come to a conclusion with those two molecules somehow in the middle of next year or so as this is approximately when we have enough biokinetic data and other type of things that make us and give us solid foundation to make the best decision about what to keep in the portfolio and what not and what to mix with what and all those types of things. So middle of next year is probably a good time to talk about those. It's still ongoing.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: And what is it exactly you're looking for on the profile? Is it side effect profile, dosing profile, resistant profile  what would make you go forward here?
Peter Mueller: So first of all you have to understand, telaprevir has really set a super high bar. It's very hard to beat that. And so because of that, I think what you have to understand is the second generation molecules are more molecules seen maybe in a different light and that's the light of combination therapy going forward and whether they have the right features, PKYs, metabolism, (inaudible) also from an efficacy potency point of view that they can fulfil those. The other thing is if you have something like that and it is clean and edible, then you can also go a different market that we currently have some restrictions being partnered with J&J and Mitsubishi.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Phil Madu (ph) with Cowen & Co. 
Phil Madu - Cowen & Co.: Good evening, thanks for taking my question. It's also on the C208 trial. Could you give us some idea of what your current thinking is and how much efficacy would you be willing to give up for safety? So what kind of decrement in SVR rates between twice daily and three times daily would begin to cause a problem for the twice daily regimen in your current opinion?
Peter Mueller: Thanks for the question. So with this being four or five days before AASLD, any questions related to C208 we look forward to answering those on  well, I guess after the embargo which is 5:30 on Sunday night we'd be happy to take your questions regarding 208 and how we will proceed forward and we'd be happy to see you on the Sunday night where we'll have an investor presentation where we'll cover the data in depth. In terms of answering questions at feel  you know, to be honest, to feel that they're kind of reversing into how do you feel about the results? We'd rather take those at AASLD later this week.
Phil Madu - Cowen & Co.:  All right, that's fair enough. And then, Ian, just a financial question for you. In the $17 million in the collaborative and R&D revenue line, were the Mitsubishi payments amortized in that or are those amortizations just going to start in future quarters?
Ian F. Smith: Oh, Mitsubishi is in the September quarter numbers. I can't remember the precise data we completed the transaction, but there was some amortization of the Mitsubishi numbers. When we file a 10-Q there is a breakout of revenue from the contributing partners so you'd be able to see the contribution on in our 10-Q when we file it.
Phil Madu - Cowen & Co.:  Okay great, thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Howard Liang with Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much. I have two questions regarding the CF program. Now that the STRIVE trial is expected to complete enrolment in the first quarter, do you have a better idea of the filing timeline for 770? I guess my question also is would ENVISION be needed for filing and approval and have you completed part one of ENVISION?
Peter Mueller: In terms of the filing timelines, I think we cannot make any definite answers right now. It needs to be debated with regulatory agency because they have different scenarios, a 24-week scenario versus a 48-week scenario and at this point in time it's unclear what different agencies in the world will basically allow for and they might be not even the same outcome in different agencies. So I think it's a little too early to make any predictions there. So that's the first thing. What was the other part of your question please?
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Is ENVISON needed for filing and have you completed part one of ENVISION?
Peter Mueller: I think yeah, it is needed because of what agency wants is a broader picture about the use of VX-770 in different mutations and age groups and so you have to basically do that. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann:  So just to the question, it is required for the six to 11-year olds in the 551 mutation?
Peter Mueller: Yeah. That's what I mean with the age groups. Because everybody knows in the CF program, I think the most benefit you can achieve is when you dose as early as possible, and therefore I think there's a high level of interest to basically see data in six-year olds and older to be at least able to address those patient populations that have the best, or at least relatively speaking, the best chance to benefit from the drug in a long term regimen.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Have you completed the single dose PK study for ENVISION?
Ian F. Smith: In New York we talked about being in that part of the study.
Peter Mueller: We are in the midst of the study.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Okay great, thanks very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Maged Shenouda with UBS.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Sure, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Most question have been answered, but maybe you can just discuss your current thinking about sales force side and commercial infrastructure? And then also, since the hepatitis C landscape is changing so quickly with so many products in development, what are you currently thinking about our post-clinical trials support, and how is that going to factor into expenses?
Matthew W. Emmens: I'll take the first part and I'll ask Peter for the second part. It's a relatively targeted market. In fact, very targeted for the size of it. We know we've done a lot of segmentation work in terms of where we need to focus both personal and non-personal promotion and I would say from an infrastructure, you're looking at 200-250 people including the sales force which is very, very efficient given the size of the market. And number tow, in terms of segmentation there is some different players here. We have a government focus to try to get HCV better diagnosed and treatment recommendations which are not there now which could be a huge impact. So there's kind of a promotional activity or you can lobbying or whatever you want to call it, but basically it's unbelievable that this is four times as prevalent as AIDS, and we have this little recognition of diagnosis in treatment. It's just really something that gets anybody 's attention when we show them the data. So small commercial infrastructure, some different types of players  it's not all about rattling the cages of treaters, although we will see them, it's also about finding patients, getting patients treated, getting the therapy paid for, and changing the push from the government as far as the importance of this disease in terms of the way the CDC will use it. So it's small, it's focused, it's multisegment, and it's aimed at getting that two thirds of people that don't know they have the disease treated. And the other part is fairly obvious. The first part of this is people that have failed treatment are waiting to report new products to treat them faster and at a higher SVR rate.  So we have all those segments, we have people that are going to address those segments, and all have to do now is put the infrastructure in place. Peter, did you want to comment on any post-marketing studies? Can you clarify that question for me?
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Well, I am just thinking that most products need a lot of post-marketing clinical trials support and have you started thinking through how you're going to move in that direction?
Peter Mueller: So absolutely we have a strategy. As you will note there's different populations that need basically to be addressed and governed forward. So in fact if patients, for example, HIV, HCV, or HPV HCV, they might be the HCV population  there is also lifecycle management in terms of tablet formulation and other type of things that we are considering, and all those types of things. So yes, we have a well thought-out strategy in place and we'll act like that. And then at the end of the day obviously, the STAT-C program which is obviously the biggest way forward because that might change and revolutionize if it works the landscape substantially and would telaprevir anti-HCV treatment regimen a long duration and sustainability on the market.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Terence Flynn with Lazard Capital Markets.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets:  Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just two questions on the telaprevir 222 combo trial. Just wondering first what geography that you guy were planning on running that study in?
Ian F. Smith: We're not being specific on the geographies right now. We can tell you that we are in discussion in parallel with a number of regulatory authorities and we're hopeful that we'll proceed ahead before the end of this year. Clearly the intent is to also be in Europe and the US at some point with this initial combination study. That is our intent. Let's see how those discussions go, but we're still on track to commence this study before the end of this year.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And then the second question is just can you remind us the route of metabolism of telaprevir and 222?
Peter Mueller: Yes. The route of metabolism, that's a good question. That's why we actually picked those two compounds and selected 222 because what you have to do is you have to find a metabolism that is not interfering negatively with each other if you combine two molecules. So telaprevir is mainly metabolized by the (inaudible) means 3A4 is the main metabolism P450 enzyme whereas 222 is mainly metabolized by elimination and by the bile and the kidney. And so I think that is the nice thing that we have basically a complimentary metabolism that doesn't lead to induction on the (inaudible) drug-drug interaction problem. That's basically what it is.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Tom Russo with Baird.
Tom Russo - Baird: Good afternoon. In CF you started whetting appetites a little bit for other Class 4 and 5 populations besides 551D where 770 might work by itself, and I was just wondering if we're at a point where you could start giving more detail around your plans there and timing for any results and regulatory strategy?
Peter Mueller: So obviously yes we can say something at least at this point in time. We haven't debated all those trials with agencies at this point in time so you have to be a little patient until we have that, but from a strategic point of view, we have about 1,600 mutations as you know, and what the strategy is, is to basically go in all of those mutations that have at least a considerable number of patients available that you can have clinical trials done with. Because if you have only two patients in the world, it's a little hard.  And so the idea is basically not just to go for the Class 4 and 5 mutations, but also what we are doing already, go for Class 2 mutations, meaning put those on (inaudible) homozygotes and heterozygotes and to get ac complete picture about the main mutations that are available to make the argument regulatory wise that you can do a leap of faith that it also might work in other mutations that you never can test.
Tom Russo - Baird: Okay. And then with regard to the PROVE 3, the data that we're going to see at the meeting this weekend, besides the reassurance that there's no late relapse, is there any regulatory significance to the SVR48 data? Does that have any  was that recently submitted to the agency and is there any kind of impact from that?
Ian F. Smith: So we continue to follow patients post 24 (inaudible) at the request of the agency and we continue to measure those patients. Additionally with PROVE 3 we followed them through practically an SVR 48 and we want to provide that data at AASLD, just a confirmation of the good results that you once saw back in PROVE 3 earlier this year.
Tom Russo - Baird: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next with Davis Bu with Goldman Sachs. 
Davis Bu  Goldman Sachs: Thank you for taking the questions. The first  most of my questions have been asked. But a little, on 222 so youll complete the three-day and the drug interaction study, is that something that well see the data for this year or at a future conference? I was just wondering what the disclosure on that one might be?
Ian F. Smith: In terms of disclosure, David, thanks for your questions, well provide the data on 222 dose ranging and DDI, maybe, the data on the DDI study. But certainly the dose ranging study for 222 when were closer to providing you with an update on our strategy to do the study. We hope that will be before the end of this year. So well be back to you with that data at that time.
Davis Bu  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And just want to also clarify, with regard to the response guided results for C208, without sort of discussing the results, I was just wondering, are we going to be able to see what the results would have been without the response guided therapy to create more of an apples-to-apples comparison to Prove 1 and Prove 2?
Ian F. Smith: Youre asking a very detailed question at the time where  so you got to  I think you should talk to the investigator and after that data theyll help you understand it.
Davis Bu  Goldman Sachs: Sure, thanks.
Operator: Well go next to Jason Zhang with BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. I wanted to go back to the combination study 222 and to lab results. I think its gated sciences this year that EMEA has new documents requesting three months combination parks data before actual studying human. Im wonder whether similar requirement from the FDA or if there are requirements are you still confident about going into combination study by the end of the year? Do you have that data already, or not?
Peter Mueller: There might be two comments to be made. First of all, I think we are here not comparing apples and apples. The Gilead; compound in whatever they want to mix it with are experimental molecules that are looked at regulatory agencies across the world with different eyes. When you have compound thats basically completed Phase 3 from a dose regiment you are playing in a different ballpark. So rules are not exactly the same. So thats the number one thing.  Now, to the second point with the EMEA, it is true that Europe has a different view on what you have to provide to a certain extend and not the FDA. The FDA lately, that is really just really lately, means a couple of months ago, started announcing in different meetings where they presented that they ease up the way into compilation trials by not requiring the combination tox right up front. Doesnt mean that you never have to do that. You have to provide a three-month toxicology package for each of the compounds that you want to combine. Thats number. And then you have to, to do the combo-tox is to go forward. This is just to give you in a small number of patients a quick read of a potential group of concepts.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Very well, thank you. And also another question is, for the pivotal trial that the two people trial in both (inaudible) and a failure population, I guess before next years easel you should have complete dosing for other patients that including the background therapy. Is it possible you will presenting just the safety data as a medical median or you dont think youll present that data at all before you submit to the FDA?
Ian F. Smith: Theres data at a future conference, Jason, always like to provide safety and benefits in combinations. So, its unlikely that were going to carve out just safety information. As we wouldnt carve out just efficacy information. So, like to give a balance information, so presented at an appropriate medical conference. And there maybe a top-line that comes before that, as we do in certain cases.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: But certainly not at AASLD?
Ian F. Smith: No, not at AASLD regarding 222. Its too early.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Peter Mueller: But not this  you mean (inaudible) combination of.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Brian Abrahams of Oppenheimer & Company.
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow up on the safety profile for 222. I think at Easel you reported a couple mild side effects from the initial multiple dose study but nothing clearly drug related. Just wondering now that you have further explored the doses up and down and conducted part of the drug interaction study whats your level of confidence in the safety of the agent at this point? And secondarily, where do you stand on potentially pursuing a parallel path to the drug as a stand alone agent plug peg-IFN base the (inaudible) not in combination with the laborer?
Peter Mueller: So, in terms of the confidence, the confidence is high. It remains high as it was when I presented to you about earlier pre-clinical data in New York and whatever the spring time frame. So I think theres no sever (inaudible) that we have to report so far. And that gives me a good feeling that we are on a solid track. Thats in terms of safety.  In terms of thinking about 222 as a base line therapy in combination with ribavirin and pegylated interferon, yes, we are thinking about that as a potential. And well let you know when we know more about how we want to go and do it.
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. So your sense is that those initial signals from the multiple dose study were probably just noise?
Ian F. Smith: So, were not sure what youre talking about with the initial signals, Brian. But more broadly, were on track to commence this combination study before the end of the year. And were looking forward to giving you the aspects of the trial design. And were currently in discussion with the regulatory authorities. Im hopeful that that helps you understand our confidence towards initiating this trial. As you refer to specific concerns, were not actually aware of those.
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. Fair enough, thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Alan Carr with Needham & Company.
Alan Carr - Needham & Company: Hi, good afternoon everyone, thanks for taking my question. Follow up on 770 trials, it looks like you got a pretty good sense for the first trial as itll finish enrollment in first quarter of 2010, I think you said. So, do you have a sense of when the second and third one might finish enrolling in it? And the other part to this question is, in terms of announcing results, will you announce results after 24 weeks, at the end of the  when you have the efficiency end point or will you wait until the full 48 weeks, when you finish safety component?
Peter Mueller: So in terms of, lets say, data announcement end (inaudible) well say something. I answered the first part of your question which is do we have a feeling how enrollment will come down and when well be done. So the answer is, enrollment in those trials even though very much appreciated by patients and doctors equally, its hard to predict. Because its a difficult patient population. And I think its not a linear process. So I think we cannot necessarily even so its currently going very well, necessarily conclude that it goes all the way down. It might, might not. So I think its very difficult to predict this. That is what it is. So we - 
Ian F. Smith: And Brian, thanks for the question. Given that weve recently, I think, tonight were announcing the completion of enrollment. That the progress for enrollment for 809 and then also the progress for enrollment for 770. We anticipate, were still guiding to announcing data from the 48 week endpoint from that study. Which would take it into beginning of 2012, first half of 2012. We actually dont want to move off that at this point. As Peter mentioned earlier on this call, to provide data at an earlier point because as youre aware there is a week 24 interim look for efficacy, pending the data we get at that point and the discussion we then have with regulatory authorities there may be an earlier opportunity to provide data to yourselves. If not, the study will remain blinded through the week 48 analysis period at which takes it into the first half of 2012.
Alan Carr - Needham & Company: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Well go next to Brian Scorny with Bank Equity 
Brian Scorny - Bank Equity: Yes, guys. Thanks for taking the call. Just one real quick question. When were looking kind of toward the future of combination STAT-C therapy, Gilead on their call last week kind of indicated that they may be looking to move both of their experimental drugs into one Phase 3 trials as a combination rather than getting each one approved separately. And I was just wondering what your take is as far as moving to telaprevir in combination with the Virocam molecular forward. Obviously telaprevir will get on the market as a STAT-C plus standard of care. But would you anticipate having to do a similar trial for 222 or do you think that after some level of phase 2 data you could just move right into a pivotal phase 3 combining the two? 
Peter Mueller: So I think, nobody knows what the world will bring. But I think I think like it would given pervious experiences, I think we have not to complete development of 222 with all phase 3 data and whatever have you. I think you can do, but if you have one (inaudible) stuck out there or even if you are late, like we are, in the late stage phases you can add in other components. And if to aid data are convince its all a data driven discussion, they will allow you to continue this type of combination going forward. So you have enough to do a separate 222 development all the way through, then combine.
Brian Scorny - Bank Equity :  Great. Thank you.
Operator: And well go next to Katherine Sue with Wedbush Securities.
Katherine Sue - Wedbush Securities: Hi, good afternoon. You said you have 12 week animal tox data for 222 already. Would you mind commenting on that? Any signals seen at all?
Ian F. Smith: Katherine, actually we provided a lot of the pre-clinical tox information earlier this year, back in the spring in 222, which was effectively done two species and we didnt find anything that would concern us. And weve advanced into a dose ranging study. Ill be happy to get you that data in detail that we provided to folks back in the spring. So just contact Michael Partridge following the call.
Katherine Sue - Wedbush Securities: Okay, great. Thanks for that. Another question is, more of a general strategy kind of question. What do you think of the approach of having a nuke in the combination apparently due to the high genetic barrier to resistant and also pangeotypic activity, versus your chosen combination of a PI and a non nuke?
Peter Mueller: Okay. So this is an interesting story that is somehow cruising around in the outer world. So, I think theoretically speaking, you can add everything to a combination, including a nuke. Now, I think I want to just say something about resistance pressure. I think the argument that a nuke is better because you have a different resistant pressure as compared to non-nukes, is in a way a mute point. And the reason why Im saying that is because theres tons of preclinical data in vitro data available right now that show that variants that are produced by one inhibition mechanism gets taken care of if you combine it by the other product that is combined into the mix. And so, for example, variants produced by telaprevir get taken care of 222 and vice versa. And what that means is at the end of the day that the entire resistant argument is sort of, I would say less of a problem. So I think this is the first thing I want to say. And then the second thing what I want to say is in my life at least and this is happening in the biology field quite awhile, most nukes, and not necessarily always the case, but most nukes are more difficult to deal with because out of one simple reason that basically they act at the active site of polumerators which is the most concerned active site in the system on the planet. And that means electivity is a big issue. And polumerators are all over the body, in the gut, in the heart, in the eye, everywhere. And chances are that you will see more side effects and thats what youre seeing. And thats why a lot of those nukes are never saw the light of the day. And theyre one of the other (inaudible), so yeah, there is a potential but I would say the resistant argument is sort of a mute point, okay. And when it comes down to safety and travel ability and I think the non-nukes are better. And any other mechanisms might be better. And so therefore Im not a big fan. But it is a doable thing and if somebody will give me tomorrow a nuke that is clean, I would maybe try it. But I havent seen one.
Katherine Sue - Wedbush Securities: Thanks.
Operator: And thats all the questions that we do have. Id like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks
Matthew Partridge: Thanks. We appreciate everyone for joining us tonight. We will be in the office for a few more hours if anybody has follow-up questions. And we certainly look forward to seeing you at AASLD this Sunday. Thanks a lot.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Partridge - Senior Director, Strategic Communications Freda Lewis-Hall - EVP, Medicines Development Joshua Boger - CEO Kurt Graves - EVP, CCO and Head - Strategic Development Ian Smith - EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Terry Kline - J.P. Morgan Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird Howard Liang - Leerink Swann Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer and Company Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets Alan Carr - Needham & Company Jason Kolbert - ThinkEquity 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Andrew and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Year End Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. It is now my pleasure to introduce your leader for today's call, Mr. Michael Partridge. Go ahead sir.
Michael Partridge:  Good afternoon. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Director of Strategic Communications. Welcome everyone to Vertex's 2008 year-end conference call. 2008 was an exceptional year for Vertex. Our highest business priority for 2008 with Telaprevir to continue our progress in clinical development and establish Telaprevir's differentiated profile and first to market opportunity. We announced today that we've completed enrollment in Phase 3 REALIZE study for treatment-failure patients. With the Phase 3 advanced study in treatment nave patients and the supplemental illuminate study already involved, we have now completed enrollment in our registration program with approximately 2,200 patients. Telaprevir was not the only contributor to Vertex's progress in 2008. We unveiled compelling early clinical data for our cystic fibrosis drug candidate VX-770 which has clearly the opportunity for the VX-770 to move rapidly into a registration program in the first half of 2009. Telaprevir and VX-770 represents potentially significant medical advancements and are Vertex's highest priorities in 2009. Additionally, in 2008 we are fortunate to add approximately $800 million of cash through the sales of our HIV royalty and two successful financings. We ended the year with approximately $832 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. This cash position allows us to advance our core opportunities in HCV and cystic fibrosis, while maintaining an important investment into product creation. Joining me on the call today to review Vertex's business priorities for 2009 are Dr. Freda Lewis-Hall, Ian Smith and Dr. Joshua Boger. Kurt Graves is also with us and is available for Q&A following our prepared remarks. I will remind you, information discussed on this conference call may include forward-looking statements. Please the risks and uncertainties related to our business discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results press release. You can visit our website vrtx.com to read the press release, listen to the conference call, view a PowerPoint presentation and/or download a podcast. We will take questions after our prepared remarks tonight. Following a call, our Investor Relations team joined by Ian and Curt will be in the office to answer any additional questions you may have. I will now turn the call over to Freda.
Freda Lewis-Hall: Thank you, Michael. Our clinical progress in 2008 has positioned us for continued and important clinical advancement in 2009. We are well underway in our broad Phase 3 pivotal program for Telaprevir in both treatment nave and treatment failure HCV patient. And we now have an opportunity to initiate a registration program with our lead cystic fibrosis drug candidate VX-770. Telaprevir and VX-770 are two late stage product candidates in serious diseases with very high unmet medical needs. First to Telaprevir the ADVANCE Phase 3 trial is evaluating 24 week regimen in treatment nave genotype 1 HCV patients. We announced today that we have reached the point in a trial where all Telaprevir dosing is complete. This is an incremental milestone in our development, but important as it confirms the significant increase in patient and physician experience with the drug and in our safety evaluation. More than 1600 patients have now been treated with 8 or 12 weeks of Telaprevir in Phase 2 or in Phase 3. Second, we have another trial underway in treatment nave genotype 1 patients called ILLUMINATE. We announced recently that we had completed enrollment of approximately 500 patients. ILLUMINATE was designed as a supplemental study for treatment-nave patients. We are taking great care to build a clinical package consistent with high regulatory standards to support Telaprevir's filing. ILLUMINATE is not required for registration but we believe that it will provide additional data on 24 and 48 weeks of therapy in patients who achieve a rapid viral response. And will provide clinicians with additional information on 24 week regimens following potential approval. And third we initiated in September of last year the REALIZE Phase 3 trial in genotype 1 HCV patients who fail to achieve an FDR with prior treatment of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. This trial is differentiating for Telaprevir as it is the only Phase 3 trial to evaluate all major treatment failure groups including a difficult to treat non-responders. We announced today that we have completed enrollment in the studies. In summary during the second quarter we anticipate Telaprevir dosing in the entire Phase 3 programs which supports our timeline to an NDA filing. Also in the area of HCV we have a portfolio of additional HCV protease inhibitors in development. We created a portfolio with the goal of identifying molecules with potentially advantageous characteristics that may further advance the treatment of HCV. That mission for our second generation program to further advance treatment of HCV got harder in 2008. As Telaprevir showed very compelling FDR results in Phase 2 trial of treatment-nave and treatment-failure patients and the challenge is even more difficult with the progression of our Phase 3 programs. Telaprevir is also setting a potentially high hurdle to beat in terms of dosing convince with interim results that we presented from the 160 patients C208 study at AASLD. In that study through the 12 weeks of Telaprevir in combination with PEGASYS and ribavirin, safety observations were not substantially different between twice and three times daily. The viral breakthrough rates were low and also not substantially different and more than 80% of patients have undetectable virus at weeks four and twelve, in both the twice daily and three times daily arms which are the best arm treatment antiviral results we have achieved. When you combine all of these data they support continued evaluation of twice daily dosing of Telaprevir and twice daily dosing maybe important for advancing a future treatment of HCV with novel combination. VX-500 was the first of three novel compounds to enter the clinic and following results of the Phase 1B dose ranging 3-day viral kinetic study in treatment nave genotype 1 HCV patients. We have decided that VX-500 did not meet our criteria to continue development. Telaprevir has indeed set a high standard. Evaluation of other novel HCV protease inhibitors is continuing. VX-813 has completed a multi dose Phase 1A study and healthy volunteers and VX-985 is in early development. Our goal is furthering the treatment for HCV also includes priority for evaluating other combination treatments and particularly those that include two direct acting anti-viral therapies. This remains a high priority with our business and we are following the progression of STAT- C in development at other company.  Now turning to cystic fibrosis, we have designed three clinical trials as part of our registration program for VX-770 with the intent to further evaluating the safety and full utility of this product candidate across different age groups and CFTR genotypes. We have recently announced the focus of each clinical trial.  These trials include first: a primary trial designated to enroll patients ages 12 and older who carry the G551D mutation. Second, a trial designated to evaluate VX-770 in pediatric patients ages 6 to 11 with the G551D mutation and third a trial that will enroll CF patients with the Delta F508 mutation on both the alleles. We anticipate that the primary end-point of the two trials including patients with G551D mutation will be safety and improvement in lung function or FEV1, while we will to continue to measure sweat chloride as one of the secondary end-points.  We view the third study in the Delta F508 patients as important for exploring how patients with these mutations may respond to VX-770. The primary end-point of this study in patients homozygous for the Delta F508 mutation, its safety and FEV1, sweat chloride will be one of the secondary end-points in this study as well. We will provide more details such as number of patients and duration closer to the initiation of each trial.  We also continue to expand our clinical development efforts in cystic fibrosis with our corrector compound VX-809 which progressed well throughout 2008 with three Phase 1 studies now completed. The most recent was an escalating single dose pharmacokinetic and safety trial in patients who carry the Delta F508 mutation. We plan to initiate a Phase 2 study in patients with CF in the first half of 2009. The Delta F508 mutation is the most common mutation and is present on at least one allele and approximately 90% of patients with CF. If VX-809 demonstrates significant clinical activity in patients with this mutation with an acceptable safety profile it could potentially expand the opportunity in this major disease.  We are energized by the progress achieved in 2008 and are very excited about the opportunity that lies ahead in 2009.  I will now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thank you, Freda. Today I will cover our 2009 financial guidance and how we are managing the investment in our business to protect our financial position in these difficult economic times, while supporting our core development opportunities and product creation, and also compare this guidance to our 2008 financial results.  We issued full 2009 guidance today consistent with our strategies to support the advancement of telaprevir and VX-770 our two registration stage compounds. ACV has always been our priority, however, in 2008 we made significant progress with VX-770 and are now investing to support a major opportunity in cystic fibrosis. As a result, this guidance fully funds our broad Phase 3 program for telaprevir and the registration program for VX-770, while also investing to prepare the company commercially. It takes into account our current expectations for 2009 revenue based on the ongoing business development activities, while respecting our strong balance sheet position. We have recognized the inherent change of managing our investment according to our need to maintain financial strength. Now to our 2009 guidance, our plan just to manage a 2009 non-GAAP loss excluding certain charges and gains in the range of $400 million to $435 million, slightly higher than our full year 2008 non-GAAP loss of $398 million.  In 2009, we are fully funding our opportunities in HCV, CF and research product creation. And the other areas of our business we are tailoring investment levels to reflect data from ongoing studies in our balance sheet profile. These decisions which are focused primarily on the earlier stage development assets mainly to choices that could drive revenue and capital through business development activities. This is a strategy, we have utilized effectively in prior years to manage our cash investment profile. We expect full-year 2009 GAAP loss in the range of $495 million to $530 million, which is slightly higher than our 2008 GAAP loss of $460 million. The 2009 GAAP loss includes approximately $95 million of stock-based compensation and restructuring expense. The 2008 GAAP loss included $62 million of stock-based compensation and restructuring expense.  Thats a little more detail on our guidance, we are forecasting total 2009 revenue in the range of $140 million to $150 million. This compares to 2008 revenues of approximately $176 million, which was generated primarily from R&D collaborative revenues and revenue from the amortization of our 2008 royalty monetization. As a component of our revenue forecast, we anticipate new collaborative revenue from business development activities in the range of $60 million to $80 million. This revenue will be primarily driven by our business development activities focused on our earlier stage programs. Now to the R&D investment, we forecast in 2009, that our R&D investment will be in the range of $500 million to $530 million for the full-year, which includes approximately $75 million the stock-based compensation. This is similar to our 2008 R&D expense of approximately $516 million and this is primarily driven by Phase 3 clinical trails spend for telaprevir. Investment in telaprevir commercial supply an investment into CF registration program while also supporting an investment into product creation which remains relatively similar to prior years. We expect SG&A expenses to be in the range of $130 million to $140 million in 2009, including $16 million of stock-based compensation. This is an increase of 2008 SG&A expense which was approximately $102 million, commensurate with our commercial expansion to supporting HCV and CF, and the internal organizational development for the progression of our business. Now to our balance sheet, we entered 2009 with cash and equivalence position of approximately $832 million. With this strong cash position and potential to additional cash inflow from new collaborations we are well positioned to invest in to two registration programs in parallel and prepare for commercialization in HCV and cystic fibrosis. In summary, we are investing in telaprevir where we believe we can set a high competitive hurdle, and also advancing our clinical development in another important disease, cystic fibrosis. These are our key business priorities for 2009 and our financial strength provides support in these objectives and moves us close to our ultimate goal of commercializing our first therapeutic products.  I will now turn the call over to Joshua.
Joshua Boger:  Thanks Ian. A few days ago, we announced the leadership transition at Vertex. This is a key step in the evolution of the company and recognizes how closely we are to bringing two very significant medicines to the market. Those medicines have the potential to represent major advancements in the health of million of patients and our sharp focus is on realizing these possibilities. Matt Emmens, who has been our Vertex Board member since 2004 has been appointed President of Vertex and he will assume the roles of Chairman and CEO in May. I will be stepping down as CEO but retaining an active role on the Board. As Vertex nears its next major jump in its upward trajectory, the transition to commercially driven growth I wanted to bring in a new leader ready to take Vertex to the next level. That leader is Matt. Matt has been an active and involved director of Vertex for the past four years. He was most recently CEO at Shire and has an exemplary track record of leading companies through major product launches and making great companies greater. Matt possesses the qualities that we need now and will need to move towards that single objective of bringing normal medicines to patients and their families. His accomplishments are many. I welcome Matt to resume role as President of Vertex and I look forward to his leadership, his re-complete late stage development, file our NDAs and prepare for the market. Before I close, I would like to thank the dedicated team at Vertex for the excellent work they have put in to create this company. For those of you, who supported us along the way, I salute your efforts and thank you for giving me the opportunity to lead this company for the past 20 years. Vertex's future is very bright, never brighter and I am very proud of what we have achieved together. Michael, back to you.
Michael Partridge:  Thank you, Joshua. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Cowen & Company. Go ahead.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company:  Thanks very much. Two questions, one on the financial and may be you can talk a little bit more about the $60 million to $80 million in collaborative revenues from business development activity. Second, how confident are you in this level for 2009? And then just a totally separate question on C208, you're talking about data in 2009, is it fair to assume that you are going to wait for all the data from the study, even in a few patients receiving 48 weeks of therapy, so that should be later in the year as oppose to earlier in the year?
Joshua Boger:  Thanks for the question, Rachel. I am actually going to turn the first question over to Kurt, who has responsibility for Business Development and then I will take the second question on the C208 data?
Kurt Graves:  Hi, Rachel, it's Kurt. Thanks for your question on the collaborative revenue guidance that Ian gives. We feel really confident about our position now Rachel as we have said with JAK3, first half of this year, we are entering the point where we are going to have Phase 2-ready asset, an asset that we feel is really differentiated. There is a lot of interest in that particular asset right now and our program in the area. On top of that tough, we also have obviously other early-stage compounds; a second major bucket without getting into detail is ongoing collaborations or new collaborations that we are looking to initiative this year in 2009 that can bring in additional sources of non-dilutive capital. And thirdly, it's very important to remind you that we also have geographic rates to our 2G program, our second-generation ACV program as well as our CF assets outside the US, and across those multiple opportunities. I think we are in real good spot to deliver on the guidance that Ian was just talking about.
Joshua Boger:  Thanks, Kurt. To your second question, Rachel, regarding C208 data. The way we look at this, is we haven't actually pinpoint exact time when we will disclose such data. I think the disclosure that where most key would be, how that data drives the next decision of the study. So I think that would be the appropriate time, but picking a specific event or medical conference it's too early to do that as this point. But it would be in 2009 and it would be coincident also to the progression within BID.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company:  And can you may be just elaborate a little bit more on what you need to see. So let's assume that the SBR data supports, you've already seen that EVR are you willing to go in and find a very large non-inferiority study, is that really the next step or is there some other avenue to develop [choice there].  
Joshua Boger:  So again a question that we can't be specific on the answer with that. We will have to take a look at the data, or have a discussion with FDA and in conjunction with the FDA will make a decision on when and how to run that study.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company:  Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Tenthoff from Piper Jaffray. Go ahead sir.
Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray: Hey, thank you very much and congrats on a tremendous year and Joshua, the very best. Question as you are looking at the landscape now, incremental data coming out of other oral direct impact virals, can you give us some guidance of what this plan has to start to evaluate telaprevir in combination with other studies. Do you guys want to drive that path, I am sure you have folks a lot of folks who are talking to you about potential combination studies. Just give me a flavor of what your thought on that.
Kurt Graves:  Ted it's Kurt Graves, I will fill the question. It's a good question internally we have been talking about for a little while, and it's still a top priority for the company to really be at the forefront of not only leading with telaprevir getting to the market first is the first specifically targeted direct acting in a viral, but also to be in a lead position to shape the evolution of next regiments if thy happen. We have had ongoing discussions with multiple parties, small company as well as through big pharma companies about assets that we feel could be complementary to telaprevir. And honestly, as soon as we make good progress on that, the biggest things that's preventing us from a getting into studies right now is the stage of development of some of those assets and being able to get a good read on the safety profile in, particular of those assets. As you might imagine, having something that is really safe is important to us while we are still in late stage development of telaprevir here, but we have got our criteria very clear, we feel we have got a good handle on a few attractive opportunities in the space and we are hopeful that if those compounds continue to progress that we can enter into studies in 2009.
Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray: Excellent. That's helpful thanks.
Operator: Your next question, sir, comes from the line of Michael Aberman from Credit Suisse, go ahead.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you very much. I had a question on the VX-770, I wonder if you could give any more color on top, And that you mentioned of three trials, that duration of the trials and number of patients that you are contemplating?
Freda Lewis-Hall:  Yes, actually I have mentioned earlier that we were planning to disclose that information the closer we get to fielding each of those three trials.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: So, not yet?
Freda Lewis-Hall:  Not quite.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. You mentioned this new terms of combination waiting for the right asset. Do we think we did see any activity in that front this year based on the discussions you have had with some of these companies for combination studies?
Kurt Graves: Yeah, it's a good question thanks. It is possible this year that we could see that activity. If we find the right asset that's got the right kind of profile it would be our intention to do that. It's really right now solely based finding the assets that meets our criteria that's far enough for long in development that we can initiate their work.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Okay, that's great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question, sir, comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks for taking the question, and Joshua I would also like to congratulate you on the success you have for the company. We'll miss the scientific focus you have brought to Vertex and to the industry. Couple of questions, Ian, could you give us a sense of what do you expect cash to be at the end of the year given your guidance. And secondly on the stock option expense, could you gives us a little bit of the context, around why it appears to be going up as a percentage of your discretionary expenses so much? Back of the envelope, it looks if that was around 8% in '08 and about 14% in '09. And then I just wanted to also get, the REALIZE trial you didn't tell us when you expected to get results in the press release, but you did for the other two trials, could you just give us a sense whether that is also first half of 2010, or whether that should be determined, thanks.
Ian Smith: Why don't we do REALIZE first?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Yeah, we can do REALIZE first, because that one is pretty quick and easy. We do expect further data to deliver from REALIZE in the first half of 2010 as well.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Great, thanks.
Ian Smith: So Geoff, to the cash question, our non-GAAP loss number is a very good proxy for our cash burn number. That's one of the reasons that we give the non-GAAP number. Clearly, there is always non-cash items in your P&L such as stock compensation, depreciation other things. And then there is also offsetting things that provide cash. But the way to look at our burn for the year, we start with $832 million of cash and equivalents and our burn can be $400 million to $435 million through the year. And that gives you an idea of where we would expect to be at the end of the year.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Well thanks
Michael Partridge: Yeah. And then secondly, you were asking about the increase in the stock compensation expense and just to be specific in 2008, our stock-based compensation including the restructuring was around $66 million and the guidance that we have given for 2009 is approximately $95 million. The increase is mainly driven by stock compensation expense, not the underlying restructuring pieces within that. And that's primarily, because we are significantly increasing the number of employees at Vertex. We added nearly 300 to 350 people in 2008 to a base that was closer to a 1,000, so nearly a 20% to 30% increase in our employee base. And also, additionally the way the stock compensation charge works, it is the function of the Black-Scholes valuation. And the Black-Scholes valuation of $33 stock price versus $18 and some lower prices in other years is increasing our stock compensation expense. And there also is another aspect to that stock compensation expense this year, which rise to our leadership transition, which we have to take a charge at this point in time for.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thanks very much. 
Michael Partridge: Yes.
Operator: Your next question, sir, comes from Geoffrey Meacham from J.P. Morgan. Go ahead, sir.
Terry Kline - J.P. Morgan: Hi guys this is Terry Kline for Geoff today. Thanks for taking the question. Actually I have another question for you, or two more questions for you on the combo therapy. Just broadly speaking is, what you guys say is there is a particular class that you are most excited about. And then just in terms of moving forward with a combo therapy is it your buyers to in license the other component or to move forward jointly with the partner? Thanks.
Kurt Graves: Thanks, two good questions on the combination things and I am understand where they coming from, I can tell you from all of the work that we have done and the data we have seen. It's not a simple of an answer to nail it down to one class versus the other, each disease such a different, I personally do not think at this stage that we can say one Class has clearly got edge over the other class based on other profiles that we see. So it's not quite that simple on the Class piece of it. As it relates to the second part of your question, I do not really think that we are approaching this as a bias toward acquisition or licensing, we really are trying to find the best top two or three assets out there. I think we are in a great position, at Vertex because its telaprevir being so far ahead. And with the profile has it most people if not all of them we talk to want collaborate with us. And once we find the top two or three assets that are far enough along we intend to, get into collaborative work and whether that might be a small targeted acquisition or whether it's a licensing depending and probably what the other side wants to do. We will move forward on that basis.
Terry Kline - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks can I ask just an additional follow up on VX-770. Just in terms of the end point, you guys had said previously that it looks like your FEV (1) will be the primary end point just wondering if you can talk at all about whether you approach the FDA about using so many additional end point from the prior study. As a primary end point and what sort of that dialog was like to the extent that you can elaborate on that?
Freda Lewis-Hall:  Thank you, that's an excellent question. One of the things that I am often reminded when people ask question about the development of 770 is that this is really a first. It's a first for us and it's a first for the FDA in evaluating a disease modifying compound in the areas of CF. And so we really have worked hard in the partnership for devising what the appropriate development strategy is and as well what the end points are. So, not having had this experience before this sweat chloride and MPD which are good signals if you would for CFTR activity impact. Which seems to be markers or endpoints that we could essentially swap out for the variable FEV(1) as indicator at lung function improvement. But I am not sure that collectively we are there yet. There is certainly not enough experience with the sweat chloride. In this area, and in fact we are hoping that the development program as we have it designed. Will help to begin to established some of these alternative end points or additional end points as meaningful ones moving forward in the development of treatments with the CF.
Terry Kline - J.P. Morgan:  Thanks a lot.
Operator: 
 :
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities:  Wanted to just, can you remind us what you are doing in FDA for CF program?
Freda Lewis-Hall:  Interesting, lots of interest in 770 today. So we are actually in ongoing discussion with the FDA and other regulatory authorities, and had not committed yet to doing in FDA. So we are still in negotiations around the overall design, but we are so comfortable that we are still on track to a first half of the year start with our pivotal program.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities: What will be the rationale for not pursuing an FPA?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Well, I think that there are a number of pros and cons that you can consider around an FPA. And in fact, the comments that I just made earlier around a novelty, if you would, fielding a development program for disease modifying therapy that have not been tested before, might be a place that you want some flexibility as you evolve the development paradigm. And I'm assuming that because you're really familiar with the spot which means you know that they are not flexible instruments. So, we do not know yet whether or not the pros for using it as by word out weighs the cons for that.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Okay. And then can you just qualify FDAs comfortability or comfort level with using FEV (1), I mean thats a pretty standard endpoint in CF, correct?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Absolutely, and I think that they are clearly comfortable with FEV (1) as an endpoint. Again, the point of negotiation and the work that we are doing together with them is defining additional endpoints that are meaningful for both in this development program but could be meaningful moving forward in the development of compounds for the treatment of, or disease modifying compound for the treatment of CF.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Would that be more as a co-primary endpoint or are you just kind of pursue a single primary endpoint?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Still in discussion at this point, so as we have those discussions and start to solidify where we are we will be able to report those things out to you along with the duration and the exact sizes of the trial.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Okay. And then that's great. Can you just give us a little bit of brief description of the evidence you have that 809 may work in the Delta 508 population?
Freda Lewis-Hall:  So, we do have some preclinical data that suggest that there may be some activity in the Delta 508 population. Translating that into the clinical arena is what we are grappling with. And we are not certain at this point how that will translate meaningfully and we are actually excited on both 770 and 809, 770 with the opportunity in the third trial that I described earlier to test of the work of 770 or the proposed success of 770 in this population. And then also an 809 to be able to move in that this year to begin to take a look at this population as well.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities:  Okay. Thank you. And then quick question for, Ian, you mentioned business development activities in your burn rate, we do assume that you will likely not access the capital market for this year directly, or is it something that you would consider opportunistically?
Ian Smith:  I think the last point opportunistically I think in this business you always should be opportunistic. But the way that we put our business plan together for 2009 is really acknowledging what is going on around us. We are fortunate that in 2008 we were engaged in number of capital raising activities and we take a very strong balance sheet into 2009 with $832 million of capital. And then we put together a plan this year where we can support our major activities engage in some business development activities to provide us capital. And in summary the plan positions us to go through 2009 which looks like it will be a tough time in the market. So assuming a position where we are not required to go in to the market which has been a little different in the Vertex of the past. But I think in this business you should always remain opportunistic.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities:  Okay great thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: You guys now that you have completed dosing in attributed portions of your hepatitis telaprevir programs in the treatment-nave populations. Is there anything you could comment about dropout rates from those studies?
Freda Lewis-Hall:  No, that's the short answer. It's a very good question and there is certainly lots of curiosity around that. We monitor the trials as you know on the ongoing way from a safety perspective but would not have a data that would be available to discuss around dropouts at this time.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Kurt Graves:  Steve its Kurt just to build on what Freda is saying obviously with the Phase 3 pivotal studies it's all blinded information to us in the studies are ongoing. But I think your question is a good one and I just wanted to add a point to what Freda said that, we are pretty optimistic right now based on feedback we are getting from clinical investigators about the patient, management, the rash management program that we have. Going on in our clinical studies and I thinks as a proxy you can look at the results we are seeing in study C208. Because in the study C208 not only are we seeing the highest on treatment response rates that we have ever seen with telaprevir to date over 80% for weeks. We are seeing the lowest discontinuation rates that we have seen in the study with telaprevir so far and that's because when we entered the study we see to it and our Phase 3 programs we have implemented the rash management program in those studies and are feeling good and hearing good things for investigators about how they are implementing that in the studies. 
Michael Partridge: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Russo from Baird. Go ahead. 
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Ian your comments on cash burn, based on the timelines for different programs in Phase 3, is there any reason why the cash burn in 2010 should go up versus 2009?
Ian Smith:  Difficult to hold up to see where the forecast is for our cash burn in 2010, Tom, a lot of that is a function of the opportunity and developments and I will give you a one specific example. We might be running combination studies with telaprevir at this point in time to forecast that and therefore, to give you a burn for that period in time is very difficult. So, I cant give a forecast at this point in time. It's going to be a function of development and product opportunity as we go into 2010. 
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then do you have any visibility at all into how things are looking in study 2008 beyond week 12 and if the data is blind is there anything that looks different than what we expected?
Ian Smith: We are not opening up that trial to take a look into this ongoing at this point. So there is nothing further to act in the data we disclosed at ASLD in November of last year. 
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Ian Smith: Yes.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Liang with Leerink Swann. Go ahead
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: For telaprevir what is the minimal package needed to file and knowing where your competitor is, how important it is for you to be first on market, there is know where you would consider filing without all three trials again of small time edge?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Hi. Yes, thank you for the question. Right now what we are looking at is the second-half of 2010 file that is based on the treatment nave and the treatment failure data. And we are excited about that possibility because we think that it gives us the broadest label in both the nave and the treatment there with your patients. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: So, we will be filing all of all three Phase 3 trials?
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, the core of our file is actually the advanced trial and treatment naives and the realized trial C216 which is in treatment failure patients. And the study 1, 11 trial which I am assuming you are referring to is really a supplemental study thats designed to help to further inform us about clinical data that we expect would be needed after approval. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: The question around the CF program, we have 809 Phase 2a data this year, and also regarding 770 could there be data from the supportive trials from the pediatric and Delta 508 trials, before the completion of the trials, (inaudible) on those two trials?
Joshua Boger: Howard you are asking a disclosure question. And I will take it. At this point in time it is difficult to pin-point at that time given that we dont approximately know the start of the studies, so its very difficult but it would be towards the end of the year beginning of next year based on our expectations if the study starts at this point in time. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: What about the 770 supporting trials, I know those are registration trials, but can we see the date before the end of the study. 
Joshua Boger: Highly unlikely, for the 770.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Lazard Capital Markets. Go ahead, sir. 
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question, just two quick follow-up to Howards first question. I know you guys have laid out kind of three filing scenarios in the past for telaprevir and given some probabilities around those. Can we assume now that you are essentially going to file on data from ADVANCE, REALIZE and ILLUMINATE and thats your go forward strategy as oppose to based on the earlier strategies that you guys have proposed in the past. 
Kurt Graves: So Terrence thanks for the question, it's a question thats frequently been asked and more recently has been asked because a lot of people are asking about the earlier filing opportunity with a narrow label targeting treatment-failure patients. We are still going to ask the question with the FDA in terms of presenting them the data. But as we just said we are mainly focused on the second half of 2010 in a broad label filing. 
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And when would you have a potential discussion with FDA regarding say PROVE 3 and study 107 data? 
Kurt Graves: In the first half of this year. 
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: First half. Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Brian Abrams] from Oppenheimer and Company. Go ahead.
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer and Company: Hi, and thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could, maybe elaborate a little bit more on the Phase 1 data that you saw for the VX-809 and CF patients. And I was just wondering if there were any dose dependent safety signals and whether or not you took any efficacy measures. 
Joshua Boger: I will just take it, just to clarify the question first. You are asking about 809.
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer and Company: Correct
Joshua Boger: Because it was a single ascending dose indications. So, single ascending dose studies, its a case of moving up the dose curve with high dose levels to allow us to move into a Phase 2 study. So, that the key end point there was a safely dose in a single dose and we achieved end point to move into a Phase 2a type study. What was your further question, I am sorry, I just wanted to try and clarify?
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer and Company: Yes, I just wondering if you had seen any dose dependant safety signals in that study there was a maximum tolerated dose that you reached with a single ascending doses.
Joshua Boger: We did not, no.
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer and Company: Okay. And then a question for Ian, with respect to the R&D, we expected R&D for 2009 versus 2008, I am just wondering to what extent is the R&D being flat to down driven by decrease commercial supply investment in telaprevir?
Ian Smith: Thats not a significant driver of year-on -year comparison, one of the things that is affecting the year-on-year comparison, is that we shared development activities, with Tibotec so for example, Tibotec is running the REALIZE study, thats the registration study in treatment failure patients. They actually carry the cost of that study and then we have to reimburse them for 50% of that study. Because of our contractual relationship that charge of 50% goes to our revenue line as a decrease revenue number. But there is one thing thats affecting our R&D line and passing year-on-year is the Tibotec that are actually doing more development activities in 2009 then they were in 2008.
Brian Abrams - Oppenheimer and Company: Thats very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Zhang from BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Two questions, first is on VX-500 and you said that 3-day viral kinetic study did not meet the prior criteria. Could you be a little more specific is that mainly (inaudible) or are there parameters that you look at that let you make this decision? 
Freda Lewis-Hall:  Well, thank you for your follow-up question on VX-500. Let me take a second to contextualize what we are doing with the second generation program. So, first of all I want to remind you that we are taking a portfolio approach that is we have three HCV protease inhibitors. Different in structure to telaprevir and different from each other in profile we expect. And our intent is to select the most attractive candidate to move forward to advance development. As I mentioned earlier, we are doing that against the bar if you would that telaprevir set high and move higher in 2008. And so, if we think of this aggregate of three in the context of furthering the advancement of hepatitis C treatment that is a backdrop that we use for evaluating 500 and also the one that we will use for evaluating 813 and 985. So, VX-500 was a first that kind of moved forward and we use those recent results to determine that if hadnt met our overall criteria for advancement in this scenario. So, our plan right now is as previously planned to evaluate VX-813 and 985 in order to select one to advance to further development.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets:  Anything that you could refer to pre-clinic study that time got you or you really have to rely on human I assume mostly [viralol] reduction data to design?
Ian Smith:  I will jump in Jason. There are number of hepatitis that we're testing with the portfolio of assets. We don't want to align all those different hepatitis with each individual assets for the obvious reasons at this point. I'll ask Kurt to comment on why we're running this kind of portfolio approach with next-generation protease. But it is about where we might see the market in 2015. So, when we evaluate VX-500, it doesn't reach that high bar. We think that other ways to get to better combination therapies, come 2015, and telaprevir remains in a very, very strong position. Kurt, do you want to comment on the market?
Kurt Graves:  Yeah. Just to pick up on what Ian said, Jason, and to comment a little bit about the market and how we look at this, so I think if you back up and you look at the strategy, we're looking at it as a company right now, and hepatitis C, we've got three shots on go, that the way we look at it internally with our second-generation protease inhibitors. And with telaprivir setting the bar so high, especially in the BID part of the profile in 2008, we now get to look at those three internal shots on go with really clear parameters around dosing, efficacy, safety, combinability, its chance of ultimately maybe being a fix dose combination in the future. Those are the kinds of criteria we look at. And we get to make I think well-founded go-no-go decision in each of those assets and our determination on VX-500 was of the three shots on go we have, to not move forward with that one and continue to progress the other two assets. As it relates to where we see the market going, we are really talking about a timeframe here if you go as fast as possible. 2015 plus, and for our competitors behind us, even later than that. And we look at it from that perspective not only do we have a couple of shots and go internally, but we think we have multiple shots on go externally. And that's a work we doing to find other novel agents to combine our own telaprevir and between both of those strategies that we are deploying, we feel we are in a really strong spot and making good solid decision as we go.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets:  Then financial a question for Ian, your SG&A increased about 30% in 2009 compared to 2008, but we are not at position to see any major commercialization activity yet in 2009, so I was just wondering what's the main reason for that 30% increase in SG&A?
Ian Smith: Actually, Jason the assumptions are incorrect. As you might imagine with a product opportunity in hepatitis C and potentially being less than two years away from the market, we are actually significantly during 2009 investing commercially to prepare the company, and that's what drives that increase. A way to think about this, as we end 2009, we may be less than a year away from launching a product. So, yes, there is an investment that we are ramping up into the commercial infrastructure of this company during 2009. I don't know whether Kurt want to add to that in the areas we are.
Kurt Graves :   No, I think Ian gave the important message there, we are taking calculated, but very conscious decisions to build our commercial organization not just commercial, really even beefing up areas of our medical affairs organization. Our pricing and reimbursement organization, how are dealing with policy markers in Washington, so it's broad comprehensive approach to prepare the market, prepare the product and prepare the organization for launch. The one thing I would add to what Ian said is, we are also taking measured and calculated steps to get ready for, I think what became the new surprise in 2008 that's hitting us in 2009, and that's the chance that we could be launching two products in the same 6 to 12 month window, VX-770 progresses and that's some incremental pieces of readiness that we have to take on as a company.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay thanks.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Alan Carr from Needham & Company. Go ahead. 
Alan Carr - Needham & Company:  Good afternoon everyone. Couple of questions about your earlier stage programs, and also want to follow-up, but first on the VX-500, I think you brought up a couple of times the dosing is something that was a particularly a high bar set by telaprevir, so does that mean that's the particular challenge that you are running in to with VX-500 as opposed to potency or safety profile? And then also can you clarify the status of VX-985 is that one in the clinic, or is that pre-clinical?
Kurt Graves: Its Kurt, as it relates to VX-985, it is preclinical. We anticipate that will be moving in to the clinic in 2009. As it relates to your question around VX-500 in dosing, we right now feel that, I mean, our planning assumptions internally are that we likely have telaprevir as a BID drug. This decision around VX-500 was not related to dosing, it's more related to the high bar telaprevir second every dimension of its profile and what we need to see to make a significant advancement beyond that.
Alan Carr - Needham & Company: Okay, and then quickly around the JAK3 program, are you going to move that into Phase 2, even if you dont have a partner is that something that's dependant on having a partner?
Kurt Graves: That's a really good question. We plan to have a partner onboard when we make that decision. We think that's best for the development of the compound together with whatever partner we choose. There is a lot of interest in this, we are having multiple discussions during those line, so I am hopeful for that that can be taken care by itself and the partnering discussion we are having.
Alan Carr - Needham & Company: Okay. And I think I understood this probably, I just want to make sure I did. I think one of the first questions was relating to your guidance for the year in terms of revenues, is that the partnership revenue included some potential new deals for the year, right?
Ian Smith:  That's correct.
Alan Carr - Needham & Company: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Ian Smith:  Okay.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Kolbert from ThinkEquity. Go ahead.
Jason Kolbert - ThinkEquity:  Great, thank you. I would just like to go back to the top line revenue question for a second, because you have talked about the fact that the expenses associated with, and I believe you said was that the eliminate trail or the advance trail are hitting the revenue line. And I guess change your reimbursement rates, because in '08 we know we have total revenue $175 million, a substantial amount of which was reimbursements. In '09 if I include $60 million to $80 million in new revenues from new in-license programs like the JAK3 inhibitors then the total collaborative revenue line actually goes down and I guess that's because expenses associated with the trail that Tibotec is running or being subtracted out the of the total reimbursement, so is that the right way to think about this?
Ian Smith:  So Jason it maybe I could try to simplify if you don't mind.
Jason Kolbert - ThinkEquity:  Thank you.
Ian Smith:  It is actually a lot more straight-forward than that and that broadly the studies and activities that have been performed by Tibotec, of that cost, but we do have to refund them effectively or fund them 50% to their costs. That funding that we provide to them goes as negative revenue, so it does reduce our revenue line. It really is just as simple as that. Whereas in the past, if we have activities that we perform that hits we take that cost through our R&D line and they reimburse as 50% of our activities and that goes to our revenue line. It's really straightforward as that.
Jason Kolbert - ThinkEquity:  Okay, but its a little bit like shifting the R&D expenses really out of R&D through the revenue line so.
Ian Smith: Yeah. That's a simple concept, yeah.
Jason Kolbert - ThinkEquity:  Okay, great. And another question about milestone payments, what kind of milestones should we be looking at in '09 as these trials wrap up?
Ian Smith: In the revenue guidance, we provided in 2009 there are no significant milestones. The milestones come more towards filing and approval in 2010, so the predominant amount of revenue we are guiding to in 2009 is actually R&D cost sharing from Tibotec, then also the amortization of our royalty from the disposition of the royalties stream last year.
Jason Kolbert - ThinkEquity:  As well as the original $165 million payment, which continues?
Ian Smith: Yes 
Jason Kolbert - ThinkEquity:  Okay, terrific. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein. Go ahead sir.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Thank you very much. Ian, I Just wanted to go back to something you said on the call first, you said it maybe less than a year from launching a product at the end of 2009. And perhaps you could just clarify that. And then just for Freda a follow-up question on the CF program. Could you confirm whether those three Phase 3 trials, it seem to be quite different patient population are all necessary for registration or is the principal strategy for an older and G551D population. Thanks.
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, now thank you for that and that deserves some clarification, right now we consider the registration package the totality of the three trials. Remember we are dealing with an, ultra orafin indication here so very small patient population overall to deal with. The first study which is the 12 in order patient population, certainly acts as the core of that but in our work with the FDA it's clear that additional data or information on the pediatric population given the nature of CF is really important and also to have data that supplements our overall safety data in terms of the number of patients. And then last but not least using that Delta 508 study to supplement our understanding as well as supplementing the safety data for the registration. So it's all three and each of them plays a different part if you would in providing a data in support of registration. 
Kurt Graves: And Jeff, I appreciate keeping me honest so from the end of 2009 and 12 months marking yes we are probably not quite into the launch of telaprevir but it would fall shortly after.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay thanks.
Operator: And sir this time we have no further questions.
Michael Partridge: Okay, thanks everyone for joining us tonight. If you do have further questions we are in the office and available for taking your call bye for now.
Operator: This concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director, Strategic Communications  Ian Smith - EVP and CFO Freda Lewis-Hall - EVP, Medicines Development Joshua Boger - President and CEO Kurt Graves - EVP, CCO and Head, Strategic Development
Analysts: Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein LLC Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley Geoffrey Meacham - JPMorgan Yaron Werber - Citigroup Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company Annabel Samimy - UBS Jason Kolbert - SIG Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets Vernon Bernardino - Rodman & Renshaw
Operator: Good afternoon. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals conference call. All lines have been placed on mute. After the Vertex's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). Michael, are you ready to begin, sir? 
Michael Partridge: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. You may now begin your conference.
Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome everyone to Vertex's third quarter 2008 conference call. For Vertex, 2008 has been marked by significant progress. In the area of Hepatitis C where with Telaprivir we now have our first Phase III trial fully enrolled in treatment of patients and a second Phase III up and running in all major treatment-failure groups. In the area of cystic fibrosis we are with compelling clinical data for VX-770 and we have created a potential opportunity to move rapidly into registration program in the first half of 2009. Being in a position to have possibly two pivotal programs in parallel getting diseases at significant unmet medical need represents an unusual and very valuable opportunity and Vertex is fortunate on the basis of successful financing activities in 2008 to have a financial position to support late stage development of both our Hepatitis C and our cystic fibrosis programs. Joining me on the call today to discuss our progress so far this year as well as the opportunities ahead are Ian Smith, Dr. Freda Lewis-Hall, Kurt Graves, and Dr. Joshua Boger. I will remind you that we may make forward-looking statements on this call and these statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC. This call includes discussion of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP is available in our third quarter 2008 financial press release which was issued today after the market closed. Generally, any 2008 expenses discussed in this call will be inclusive of stock-based compensation. As always, you can visit our website to listen to the conference call, view a PowerPoint presentation and/or download a podcast. We'll take your questions after our prepared remarks tonight. Following our call, our Investor Relations team joined by Ian will be in the office to answer any additional questions you may have. Ill now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith: Thank you, Michael and good evening to everyone. The key financial headline for Vertex in this period of economic uncertainty is that we are well capitalized with $920 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at September 30, 2008. We have strengthened our balance sheet in a several important ways this year and we have the capital resources to funds our very important late stage clinical opportunities in Hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis. As we progress our business, we remain sensitive and aware of the external environment and our reliance upon external capital as an important source of funding our business progression. However, given the current economic environment, that source of capital comes at a high cost. Therefore, as we look to 2009, we need to plan our business to drive our key priorities and make the right choices. We'll provide further information to our future operating plans as we enter 2009 and remain sensitive to economic environment. Now to the third quarter 2008 financial results. The third quarter non-GAAP loss before certain charges was $115 million compared to a third quarter 2007 non-GAAP loss of $93 million. The decrease in loss is mainly attributable to a reduction in total revenues and an increase in commercial related expenses as we advance our product candidates towards registration. The GAAP net loss for the third quarter of 2008 was $130 million, compared to $107 million in the third quarter of 2007 which includes stock-based compensation. Total revenues for the third quarter were $32 million, compared to $41 million in 2007. The decrease in revenues is attributable to firstly, reduced royalty income. We sold our HIV royalty for $160 million in cash earlier in the year and the royalty income recorded since the disposition relates to the amortization of the gain from such a sale. Secondly, there was a reduction in collaborative revenues that are derived from Telaprivir development. This is due to both Vertex and Tibotec sharing more of the development activities as we advance Telaprevir. Now to our R&D investment: Our total R&D expense was $130 million compared to $129 million in the third quarter of 2007. R&D expenses have remained relatively similar to the prior year, despite the advancement of the development programs. This again is due to sharing more of the development activities with Tibotec. Our third quarter SG&A expense was $27 million compared to $21 million in the third quarter of 2007. This increase was primarily the result of infrastructure build to support our business and the initial steps we have taken to build commercial infrastructure to support Telaprevir. Now, turning to our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with approximately $920 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and we have approximately $288 million of convertible debt outstanding and due in 2013. This convertible debt has a conversion price of $23.14 per share and it has a non-call feature through February 2010. Before I close, many of you have asked about our invested balance sheet capital and I would like to take this opportunity to provide you some of this year's key aspects to management of these investments. Firstly, we are investing these monies for capital preservation as a priority and we are focused on high grade investments. The great majority of our balance sheet investments are invested in short-term, government guaranteed securities which are more conservative investments with lower yields and carry less exposure to market volatility and liquidity. And, consistent with our capital preservation philosophy, we have closely scrutinized our investments with advice from our external money management advisors and I am happy to report to you that we have been fortunate so far during 2008 and have avoided significant impairments. In fact, for the year-to-date, we have not taken any write-offs of significance on our invested capital. We'll continue to approach our investments in this manner. In closing, we're in a fortunate position to be capitalized with $920 million of cash and equivalents and have the financial resources to support the advanced stage clinical trials in the areas of Hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis and we'll take the right approach to managing our business priorities as we move into 2009. I'll now turn the call over to Freda. Freda?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Thank you, Ian. It's a busy and exciting time for Vertex's clinical programs. Just last week, we announced data from our cystic fibrosis development program at the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference in Orlando and now this week we're preparing to present data on Telaprevir and AASLD, the major Liver Meeting in San Francisco. Telaprevir is the primary focus of our development resources and energy at the moment. We believe that Telaprevir's profile is strong and differentiating and we are working diligently and deliberately on advancing toward a potential NDA in the second half of 2010. Now additionally, we are advancing toward another new and exciting opportunity in cystic fibrosis. Operationally, we are strong and prepared to handle the challenges of preparing for pivotal programs in both cystic fibrosis and Hepatitis C. I'd like to focus my remarks first on where we are in the development with our HCV program. AASLD begins at the end of this week and in conjunction with that conference, we will be discussing data for Telaprevir. At AASLD, we'll present for the first time to the HCV community, SVR12 data from our PROVE 3 treatment-failure study. As you know, in June, weve reported unprecedented SVR data with Telaprevir in this study. Specifically, in an interim analysis, we announced that 52% of patients randomized to receive treatment with a 24-week Telaprevir based regimen, that is 12 weeks of Telaprevir in combinations with pegylated interferon and ribavirin followed by 12 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin alone maintained undetectable HCV RNA 12 weeks post treatment for the SVR12. The adverse event profile for PROVE 3 has been generally consistent with the PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 clinical trial data with rash and pruritus and anemia being the primary Telaprevir related adverse events. Also at AASLD, we expect to present 12-week end of treatment data from the C208 clinical trial, an exploratory clinical trial evaluating twice daily dosing of Telaprevir based combination therapy. In the study, Telaprevir is being dozed in combination with ribavirin and Pegasys or Peg-Intron. Based on week four and 12 data, we believe that further evaluation of twice daily dosing regimens is supported. We look forward to speaking with you further as Telaprevir data are presented at AASLD. Now turning briefly to our broad registration program underway with Telaprevir; first, the ADVANCE Phase III trial is focused on treatment-naive genotype 1 HCV patients and we announced today that we have completed enrollment as planned in this 1,050 patient study. Completion of enrollment means that Telaprevir dosing in all patients in advance should be finished by the end of January of 2009 which keeps us on track to have SVR24 data in the first half of 2010. Second, we initiated in September the REALIZE Phase III trial in genotype 1 HCV patients who failed to achieve an SVR with prior treatment of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. This is a landmark trial as it is the only Phase III trial to evaluate all major treatment-failure patient categories including the difficult to treat non-responders. This trial complements our current ADVANCE trial, potentially further differentiates Telaprevir and helps to solidify our leadership position in the current evolving landscape of HCV treatment. We also have a third major trial under way in genotype 1 treatment-naive patients named illuminate. Illuminate is an open-label trial and will supplement our registration program by adding data on response guided therapy for total durations of 24 and 48 weeks. The trial will enroll approximately 500 patients. Additional details of this trial can be found on clintrials.gov. Before I turn to our cystic fibrosis compound, I'd like to remind everyone that our second generation HCV program is progressing well. We initiated a Phase 1b study of VX-500 and we expect to have our first proof-of-concept data from this study in the first quarter of 2009. In addition, we initiated this month a Phase I clinical trial of our third HCV protease inhibitor VX-A13 in healthy volunteers. We look forward to advancing these programs and understanding the opportunities they may present for further advancing the care of HCV patients. Turning to our cystic fibrosis development program; I'll start with the Phase 2a data we recently announced for our potentiator compound VX-770. At the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference last week, clinical investigators presented positive 28-day results from a preliminary analysis of Part 2 of the Phase 2a clinical trial of VX-770 in patients who carry the G551D CFTR mutation. As you may recall, the results from Part 1 were announced in March. The CF community was pretty excited about these results and I'll talk more about that in a moment. The 28-day results are important and we believe provide support for moving into a registration program in the first half of 2009. These results should be looked at in a broad context. We conducted one Phase 2a trial that we separated into two parts. Part one which evaluated 14 days of dosing and part two in a different patient group which evaluated 28 days of dosing. A total of 39 patients ranging in age from 18 years to their early 50s were enrolled, all of whom had the G551D CFTR mutation. The primary endpoint of the Phase 2a study was safety and we got the results we hoped for. VX-770 was well tolerated through 28 days at doses as high as 250 milligrams, twice daily, with no serious adverse events reported that were attributed to VX-770. In the Phase 2a trial, we also wanted to gain an understanding of VX-770s activity on the CFTR protein, the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis. We were fortunate to observe clinical effects that correlated with significant modulation of the CFTR activity. From an efficacy perspective, in the Phase 2a trial, we observed that VX-770 demonstrated first of all significant improvements in lung function at 14 and 28 days as measured by an increase from baseline. Supporting this improvement in FEV1 was a trend toward improvement in the respiratory domain of the Cystic Fibrosis Questionnaire-Revised or CFQR, quality of life measurement. Secondly, significant improvements in the function of CFTR protein as measured by changes from baseline and biomarkers of CFTR activity with chloride levels and nasal potential difference and a dose response with measures of lung function and CFTR activity. The data from VX-770 arms in both Part 1 and Part 2 support the hypothesis that improving chloride ion transport in CF patients may correlate with improvements in lungs function. While the placebo response in Part 1 of the study was flat, in Part 2 of the study the placebo showed a mean increase of 7% and FEV1 at the end of 28 days. We do not discount this placebo response. After having consulted with investigators, we are confident that VX-770 is strongly differentiated from placebo. The placebo group was comprised of only four patients and the response was not statistically significant. Also, we observed that the response in the VX-770 treatment group was rapid and sustained, a pattern we did not see in the placebo group. I want to make a comment here about how these data were received at the North American CF Conference. Many times in discussions with investigators, the senior medical team from the CF Foundation and others at the conference, the data were described as phenomenal and making the impossible possible for CF patients. I led the conference very encouraged by the CF community's understanding and appreciation of the data. We know we have more work to do. Based on these results, Vertex intends to work with global regulatory authorities to finalize the design of a registration program for VX-770 to begin in the first half of 2009. Cystic fibrosis is very serious disease and we are excited for the potential of VX-770 to provide a game changing approach to the treatment of this disease. Unlike current treatments that only address the signs and symptoms, VX-770 targets the defective or missing CFTR protein which is the underlying mechanism of cystic fibrosis, a truly novel approach. We have also completed two Phase I trials of VX-809, a corrector compound for CF. This compound has fast track designation with the FDA and based on the results from the Phase I trial, we have initiated a single dose PK and safety study of VX-809 in patients with CF. We would expect that the Phase I results if positive would support initiation in the first half of 2009 of a Phase 2a trial that may run in parallel with the possible registration program for VX-770. In closing, I want to point out that our development programs have strengthened since the start of the year and continue to strengthen as we move closer to potential regulatory filings in two major disease areas. I look forward to updating you as we make further progress. I hope that this update has been helpful and I'll now turn the call over to Kurt.
Kurt Graves: Thanks Freda, and good evening everyone. We are advancing the business in two important and very attractive disease areas. As dynamics change all around us in the industry, we believe our strategy at Vertex to target very high unmet need diseases that are specialty-oriented and focused with truly transformational therapies is right where you want to be as the industry moves forward. We believe true innovation that dramatically improves patient outcomes will continue to be rewarded while other forces in the industry will free up resources to be able to pay for it. HCV and CF represent two very attractive specialty markets that are well-known for their high morbidity and mortality rates as well as their devastating impacts on the healthcare system and family members. In each of these markets, there is an opportunity to create and capture tremendous value with truly innovative products that have the potential to transform patient outcomes. With that as a backdrop, Id like to open with a few remarks about Telaprevir and HCV as we head into AASLD in just a few days. Now with the largest STAT-C dataset in the field and the broadest Phase III program now well underway, Telaprevir's product profile continues to show the potential to set new standards for SVR and duration of therapy in HCV together with a well documented safety and tolerability profile now in more than 1,000 patients from our Phase III studies alone. In addition, the unprecedented interim treatment-failure SVR12 data, and our emerging twice-daily dosing data could potentially strengthen our product profile should we succeed in obtaining marketing approval for launch and post-launch life cycle management plans. Going into AASLD, Telaprevir is out in front and our data continues to set the tone for STAT-C agents, whether it be stage of development, SVR levels achieved across all genotype 1 patients, the potential for shorter durations of care, and now, even the potential to coming to market with a twice-daily dosing schedule shortly after launch, assuming data from study C208 and additional twice-daily development work are successful in the future. While Freda and I have our teams working very closely together to deliver a differentiated target product profile, we also have to make sure the target product profile is in sync with important market dynamics in HCV treatment and how Telaprevir fits in competitively. For example, tonight I thought I would highlight one of those, one of the most important patient dynamics in the part of the HCV population who have failed a prior course or courses of HCV interferon and ribavirin therapy. We estimate that there will be well over 300,000 treatment-failure patients in the United States when we could launch Telaprevir. In terms of unmet medical need and commercial importance from a patient flow perspective, there is not a higher priority patient population for us. The treatment-failure population poses a significant public health concern, as it's now becoming well-known and published that morbidity and mortality rates are projected to reach upwards of 43% in patients within just seven years of failing their first course of interferon based therapy. For many of these patients, there are no other treatment options. Additionally, we know from extensive market research that the far majority of these 300,000 plus patients are already under care and just over 2,000 specialist's office and both they and the doctors from our research have a high intent to pursue new therapies once they become available. With Telaprevir, we're looking particularly good here as our data to-date shows significantly higher SVR potential across all treatment-failure segments, even in non-responders. While other sources of patient flow will be important for us over time, getting the treatment-failure segment right and doing it quickly is critical for these patients who are at significant risk. Its also critical for payers to avoid massive system cost and last but not least, it's important to support our value proposition, our differentiation and a potential blockbuster launch trajectory. About 18 months from today, we expect to have SVR24 data from our controlled Phase II trials and our first ongoing Phase III program. We're now in the early stages of building our customer facing go-to-market model, and we continue to strengthen our organization with key talent and leaders that have a proven track record of being innovative and successfully building organizations and launching important brands. We have thoroughly analyzed and segmented patients, physicians, payer dynamics, competition, and other influences to identify the key barriers and opportunities in the HCV marketplace. Telaprevir has the potential to transform those dynamics in HCV. And with other complementary therapies coming behind us, we're more assured than ever that HCV could be one of the most dynamic growth categories in pharmaceuticals over the next five to ten years. We aim to get out first and stay out in front in the lead with Telaprevir, then our second generation programs and other potential STAT-C collaborations that can enable us to build a leading franchise in the area. While we're focused on flawless execution today through the first few years of launch, we're also keeping our eye on future evolution of HCV regimens with the end game goal of developing regimens without interferon which is a major barrier to treatment for many patients. Our business development team continues to have ongoing discussions with select companies developing other STAT-C agents in order to evaluate the potential of Telaprevir in combination with compounds having other mechanisms of action. We believe we're out in front in Phase III, and now as some of these agents advance into Phase I and early Phase II studies, we will remain very active in this area and I look forward to providing an update on our plans and progress as we move forward. Lastly, Id like to make a few concluding remarks in our emerging opportunity in CF and follow-up some of the comments by Freda. As you know, there is no therapy right now that addresses the underlying defects of CF. Having worked in the CF field in my prior company, the standard of care today treats only the signs and symptoms of this disease and there is still a huge unmet need to provide both short-term and longer-term outcomes which will require disease modifying therapies. Data from studies of VX-770 has opened the door and the pathway to that possibility and like Freda, having been at the North American CF Conference just a few days ago, there was a genuine enthusiasm and a new level of hope for what might lie ahead for these and other CF patients. We know we've still got many things to learn about our CFTR therapies and we will balance the need to move quickly in an orphan disease while also being as smart as we can with every new piece of information we get from our ongoing trials. Our data in early studies of patients with G551D mutations suggest that the drug is active and that can produce at least in short-term studies to-date, both clinical FEV1 improvements as well as biomarker improvements would suggest the VX-770 may have an ability to address the root cause CFTR defects we know are behind CF. Based on these results and ongoing analysis of our data with internal and external experts, we are working on the design of a registration program which Freda outlined, which we plan to discuss with regulatory authorities and which we hope to bring the first half of 2009. While there is still more to be done and more to learn as we go, there is no doubt that we have potentially another transformational opportunity for Vertex in an area of high unmet medical need. In summary, we've made significant progress in bringing our lead HCV product candidate towards marketing approval and have the potential to demonstrate tremendous value in another attractive specialty market like cystic fibrosis. We look forward to keeping you apprised of further developments. Joshua, over to you.
Joshua Boger: Thank you, Kurt. Vertex is experiencing a very significant, and I believe a very exciting period of change right now. We're a company that was founded on strong research and a deep commitment to innovation that can transform the way we treat diseases with serious unmet needs. We've continued that commitment to innovation and building expertise and development. We're now establishing an innovative commercial infrastructure for our promising product candidates. For the first time in Vertex's history, we're preparing for the possibility that we may have two compounds in registration programs at the same time, diseases treated by specialists, HCV and cystic fibrosis that has the potential each to provide us with multiple opportunities for commercial growth. This is exciting for us at Vertex and for the HCV and CF communities. We are prepared for the challenge and work that will be involved to potentially file two NDAs over a similar timeframe. This will not be an easy task. But an opportunity like this does not come around every day. With great execution, driven by the outstanding people at Vertex, we will continue to take decisive and responsible steps to meet these challenges head-on. Michael, back to you.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, Joshua. That concludes our prepared remarks and we will now open up the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from Rachel McMinn from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company: Thanks very much. To start off with you, Ian, can you give us a better sense of what was in your P&L as variable, the guidance range is still quite wide, you haven't really changed it. There's only two months left in the year, is it on a spend side or on the milestone side?
Ian Smith: Thanks, Rachel. Thanks for the question. Let me just make sure that we are talking about the same thing. We actually provided financial guidance in our second quarter call where the loss was projected to be between $390 million and 410 and that's where our guidance remains at this point. As we look to the fourth quarter, we do expect to be an increase of R&D expenses just commensurate with the stage of the programs and the starting of the treatment failure registration program, and that should also drive revenue, but it should move the loss up in the fourth quarter, but I believe we're still trending towards that 390 to 410 loss.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company: In terms of two other questions, on VX-809, is there anything you can tell us there, based off of the early clinical work. I know it's very distinct from 770 it is chemically, but is there anything that we can learn from the initial data that you have there as to your expectations of what it should look like when you put it into patients?
Freda Lewis-Hall: That's an excellent question and of course we're very excited about being able to analyze and report out the data on 809. Unfortunately, we don't have anything that we could share with you now.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company: Okay. Then, lastly, in terms of PROVE 3 when the full data become available for the control arm, is that something you plan on updating investors in a timely manner or will it just be, we have to wait for medical meeting to get the final data.
Joshua Boger:
charter:
Rachel McMinn - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Porges. Your line is open, sir.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein LLC: Thanks very much for taking the question. Just a few questions on 770 and I suspect maybe we won't get answers, but I'm curious about where do you think the drug might have utility in patients with other groups of CF patients like stop mutations and also obviously Delta 508, when you are likely to start doing studies in those patients, will they be monotherapy or are you going to wait until you have combinations with 809?  Secondly, when do you expect to meet with the FDA? And then related to the first part, what additional studies should we think that you're got to study; start looking at children, infants, where are you going to go with this in addition to this pivotal program, which obviously I'd love it if you would give us a sense of duration, amount of safety exposure, kind of the number of patients, but I suspect you can't help us on that at this point. Thanks.
Freda Lewis-Hall: That was a lot of questions.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein LLC: It's an important drug.
Freda Lewis-Hall: Let me see if I can tackle just a few of those. So first of all, we do intend to study VX-770 primarily in G551D mutation as, as a part of our pivotal program. We understand, however, how interesting if not provocative, and frankly, important relative to safety it will be to study additional mutations, and we are in discussions with regulatory agencies about how to go about that. In addition to that, we understand that it's important to study the full range of patients, and as you heard in my earlier comments, we've taken a look at patients from 18 to their early 50s, and we're certainly interested in going in the other direction and looking at patients in their adolescent years, as well as patients younger than that. All of these things we're currently in discussion with, with the regulatory agencies.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein LLC: Can I follow up? Freda, do you think those discussions will be resolved by year-end or can you give us a timeline on that?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Well, we're hoping to begin our pivotal program in 2009, and based on these 28-day results, we are seeking feedback from the FDA, as well as regulatory agencies outside of the US.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Give us an update on discussions or timing of discussions with regulators around potential alternative filing strategies for Telaprevir, as opposed to waiting to have full Phase III data across all three trials?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Yeah, thank you. That's an excellent question. So right now, we are working very diligently towards a second half of 2010 filing. And of course, we do have data coming in between now and then, and certainly would look at taking advantage of that data in discussions with the agency, should the opportunity arise. But right now, our plans are to aggressively advance to that filing towards the end of 2010.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: And what's the company's significant burn, how are you guys managing building out that commercial infrastructure then? You say, you're beginning to take steps to build it out, are these very preliminary steps or are you trying to have an infrastructure in place in case you have the ability to launch early? 
Kurt Graves: Steve, it's Kurt Graves. Good question. It's a very step-wise approach to this obviously, given the uncertainty around different filing scenarios. I do believe that with data coming in, whether it's the first data coming in for treatment-failure or whether we would have to wait for our Phase III naive data, that we'll have plenty of lead time from health authorities to help the large piece of the commercial scale-up, which is your customer-facing part of it. We've done and are doing a lot of the design work around that right now. We hired a few key leaders, like I said that have a lot of experience, building organizations and launching brands. But before we pull the trigger on a large amount of hiring for the customer-facing component, I think we'll have enough of a lead from the health authorities before we have to do that.
Joshua Boger: And Steve, I would just add, as we look to the potential for an earlier filing, the key components in our business that we need to plan and invest for, which has less flexibility is actually commercial supply. And so, we certainly need to ensure that we're ready, if there is the opportunity to move faster - that the aspects to Kurt's commercial infrastructure that he referred to, can be turned on a little quicker. But commercial supply has little less flexibility. But if the opportunity arises, we will be ready from a commercial supply, as well as a commercial infrastructure position.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Kurt Graves: Steve, just to follow-up, one more comment, it's Kurt. I think the nice thing about HCV and for that matter even more so in CF, if we're fortunate enough to get there soon is that we're not talking about massive field forces here. We're talking about, in the US, if you look at where 80% of the current business is, it's in about 2,000 to 2,500 offices. Youre not looking at hiring hundreds and hundreds of reps. It's a pretty focused commercial effort and that's one of the nice things about this.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - JPMorgan: Hi, thanks for the question. I wonder if you can give us some updated thoughts on your strategy for triple combination therapy for Hep C. And then what would you expect of gating decision to be that would set this in motion? Is it FDA discussions or key datasets? And I have a follow-up.
Kurt Graves: Yes, this is Kurt. In terms of STAT-C discussions and gating pieces of this, first and foremost I think what we have been doing in our discussions with all the different potential companies that have complementary therapies is making sure now that we're in late stage Phase III trials, that when we do initiate combination work whether that's just a collaboration to generate joint data for labeling, or whether it's a bigger type collaboration, we want to make sure that we've got an asset that we can find as much as we can about it, about how complementary it is to our drug. We obviously have a high hurdle for finding out that potential safety profile of the drug, and therefore, that tends to lead us with a priority focus of assets that are in Phase 1b, just going into Phase 2a type of trials, because that's the first time that we really start to see what the profile of those drugs look like, and how combinable they could be with Telaprevir. The nice thing is, as I mentioned, now that enough of these assets are getting into the 1b, 2a phase, I think that we've got a good chance going forward to figure out one or more collaborations that would make sense for us going into 2009.
Geoffrey Meacham - JPMorgan: Thanks, that's helpful. And then, on the illuminate study, you guys talk in the release about having SVR data in the first half of 2010. Is that based on 48-week or 24-week data, and then could the 48-week data be the gating factor here for filing?
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, it's based on 48-week data and so we framed the timing in a way that we would not be looking at any gating that we would be looking at the 48 weeks of therapy.
Geoffrey Meacham - JPMorgan: Okay. And final question and thanks for taking three. VX-770, can you talk a little bit about your initial take on some of the design of the study from just an endpoint perspective. Would you be looking at maybe a composite endpoint that includes other endpoints just outside of FEV1 or are you looking at maybe a head-to-head or can you give us a little comfort here with what you're looking at going into your FDA meetings? Thanks.
Freda Lewis-Hall: No, thank you, that's a really good question, especially since we've talked a little bit in our release and took a careful look in our studies thus far at things in addition to the clinical outcomes of FEV1. So I think that FEV1 remains a very important focus in the design of the study and I doubt seriously that we would be able to abandon that in the short run given that our other endpoints would be unprecedented in this area. We do think that there will be additional value in looking at the biomarkers, if you would, of CFTR activity as additional endpoints and those are things that we would certainly discuss with the regulatory agencies as well. And last but not least, we talked a little bit about the quality of life which we think is an important measurement in these patients and in particular over time, so that would be another endpoint that we would bring up in discussion. So the clinical endpoint of FEV, the additional endpoints looking at MPD and/or sweat chloride and then last but not least, keeping a careful eye on the quality of life measurement.
Geoffrey Meacham - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Werber from Citi. Your line is open.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. I have questions for Freda also about VX-770. There was a little bit of variability, certainly in the placebo case but also in the 250-milligram arm between days 14 and 28 which are hard to explain, because the FEV1 I'm referring to actually went down back to the level of placebo, so there was a very nice response between baseline and day 14 in the 250 arm, but then it almost as though you were giving it right back and you went back to placebo. The 150 obviously did well. It was flat line between days 14 and 28. Do you have a sense as to of what might explain that or what specifically do you see in those patients. I know we are not talking about a lot of patients variability can have a big difference, but also what would this mean to your Phase III trial design in terms of sizing it correctly to avoid this kind of variability. And then if you don't mind I have one quick follow-up. 
Freda Lewis-Hall: Okay, so let me take the first one first. And if you don't mind, that's a very good question, but let me take a little bit of a step back to contextualize this for others on the call as well. So we looked at 25, 75 and 150 milligrams in the first part of this Phase 2a study. And during that, we saw a very neat, if you will, dose response. We became interested with that in looking in the second part of the study at 150 milligrams and 250 milligrams, in part to continue to look at the safety, if you would, but also to find out whether or not there was any dampening of the treatment response at higher doses, to help us triangulate around the dose that we would move forward into the next trial. So 250 milligrams was not studied in the first part of this study, it was studied in the second part of this study. And so what we saw in the first was 14 days where the treatment response was seen early and held out to the 14 days, arguably, 14 days isn't very long. We saw essentially the same thing in 28 days with 150 milligram in particular, and also saw some increase in response in the 250-milligram that did not to your earlier point bear out as sustained over time. You can ask two things about this or actually three things. The first thing we wanted to know is whether or not 250 milligrams was safe. And we think it was very positive that a 250 milligrams we saw no difference in the safety profile than we did at 25, 75 or 150 milligrams. That was great. The second thing is that we wanted to see if we had durability out at 28 days and in fact 150 milligram response as well as the response earlier in the study for 250 milligrams proved that out for us as well. It dampened toward the end, but we don't know how that would bear out in terms of the difference in that response in larger longer trials. So, that's still left to see, but the excitement or the enthusiasm was that what we saw at 14 days held out at 28 days. The third thing was the correlation between the clinical outcome or FEV1 and the biomarkers. So what we saw in sweat chloride and what we saw in MPD were held for both the first and the second study for the active treatment arm. So, that was really the third parameter that we felt was important and also suggested a durability of response over 28 days.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay. So in the Phase III study, would you only take the 150 milligram dose forward and I don't know if you can help us understand a little bit as to how you might size that study.  
Freda Lewis-Hall: You bet. First, let's talk about dosing in the study. Absolutely, the work that we've done is to help us triangulate around what we think is the best dose and we still have some PK/PD data that we're currently analyzing along with the data that we've reported out to you that will help us triangulate around a dose. Again, with the robust response that we have, as well as the safety margins that we've seen, we feel very comfortable that we'll be able to identify a dose to take forward in the next phase of study. And then the sizing of the trial, again, in conversations with the regulatory agencies, we think that we'll be able to size the trials around the active arm response, if you would. So, we believe we'll be able to triangulate around a dose and we also believe that we will be able to size appropriately to the response that we've seen at that dose. And we've got ongoing work with our PD/PK data that's going to help us to do that, we believe.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup:
 :
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, we have been in discussions with the FDA around their requirements for longer-term carcigenicity study, and we believe that we'll be able to come to an agreement with them that would allow us to move into the next phase of development; that we would also come to an agreement with them that it would not become a rate-limiting step. So these will be ongoing discussions. I'm not promising anything, but we have had robust discussions with them, and they will continue.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meg Malloy from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Just want to follow up on VX-770. I guess, FEV1 being the primary focus, normally you would see about a 1% to 2% per year decline. Wondering what does that look like in the G551D patient population, and given the results that you've seen so far, do you have a sense of the number of patients that would be required, you know, to repeat what you did in Phase II for pivotal endpoint?
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, that's an excellent question. Going into the pivotal program, what we would really focus on would be improvement in FEV1. So we believe that we would be able to size the study based on what we've seen both in part one and part two of the study that would allow us, given the small size of the G551D population that might be available to the study, to identify a treatment, or to take into account a treatment effect that would allow us to size a study that was feasible, if you work from a size standpoint. And again, this has been a part of our ongoing discussions with the regulatory agencies, not just in the US, but outside of the US as well.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: I was not clarified. It is about a 1% to 2% decline in that subset of patients? I understand it is overall, but wondering if there is any difference in the G551Ds?
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, the rate of decline really varies, not just by mutation, but also by age or status. So the rate of decline varies over age with patients who are affected with cystic fibrosis in kind of all categories. So, in part your answer is yes, at some point during the G551D patient's life they would see a rate of decline at about 1% to 2%, but in some patients, and during some periods of life that's accelerated quite substantially to 3% to 4% per year.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: And how would you control for things like (inaudible) infection and treatment for (inaudible)?
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, I'm not sure how we'll necessarily control them, but we'll control for them. Looking at exacerbations in patients is one of the other things that we do intend to do. We don't expect or intend to alter the baseline therapies or the foundation therapies of patients in this trial either. So it's important to know that patients are going to go into the trial on their baseline therapies, and that the clinical activities that would be done to control their exacerbations and kind of other intervening circumstances would be expected, one, and then accounted for, two.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks very much, Freda.
Operator: Your next question comes from Annabel Samimy from UBS. Your line's open. Annabel Samimy, your line is open. No response. Moving on to the next participant with a question, that's Howard Liang from Leerink Incorporated. Your lines open, sir.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Thank you very much. If you give Freda a break, I would like to ask a question to Kurt. So you mentioned you have market research that there are 300,000 non-responders kind of available. Can you give a sense in terms of how you got to that number? Also, I was wondering whether treatment capacity might be an issue in going through, but population, I think you talk about 2,000 specialists in the US; maybe if you can give a sense of how many patients each doctor can treat per year?
Kurt Graves: Yeah; Howard, thanks for the questions very much. In terms of sizing the market, there's actually quite a bit of data that's already publicly available on epidemiology studies. On top of that, we've been doing extensive market research through various third party sources to double-check that and including going out in the top prescribing offices and getting a sense for just how many of these patients are in the average high prescriber's office. Right now, if you look at the top two decile physicians, the top two highest prescribing decile physicians, on average, each of those doctors has about 80 to 100 patients in their practice, actively being monitored and waiting for a new cure. So, as it relates to the numbers, we feel we've got multiple sources that triangulate around that number. Obviously everybody who is getting treated today, 50% or 60% of them are going to add on top of that between the time were here now and the time we launch. And in terms of capacity, none of our analysis so far suggests that capacity is going to be an issue for treatment-failure patients. That's because there's a very high sense of urgency. In fact, in our market research, when we show them our product profile that we're seeing with Telaprevir right now and we ask what's your intent to prescribe, and we have asked this both on the doctor side and the patient side, over 90% of doctors and patients have a high intent to pursue new therapies that would give a profile like what we're seeing the Telaprevir.  And that makes sense, because these people have on average much more advanced disease, and there's a real high sense of urgency on both sides to try and get a cure as soon as they can. So we don't think capacity is going to be an issue there. Capacity could become an issue, once we start getting a lot more of the undiagnosed population diagnosed and brought into the system, and our commercial model, that's one of the things we're looking at how to deal with that. But I dont anticipate that to be a problem with treatment-failure at all.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Okay. Great. And regarding VX-500, can you tell us what dosing you're testing in ongoing Phase 1b? 
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, thank you for your interest in this program. We are actually just beginning our program now, and so this is really information that we're not yet sharing, but stay tuned.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Okay. If I could circle back on VX-770, just like to ask you about the comparison of the magnitude of FEV1 change for VX-770 in comparison with the other agents such as pulmozine. I think there's something not easy for us to deal with all the raw data. I was wondering whether you have looked at this comparison.
Freda Lewis-Hall: Yes, we have looked at the comparison and I have to say that as we look over the magnitude of response, this is a very robust response, compared to what we see and what I'll refer to as symptomatic treatment for CF. The real winner here, though, we think is the correlation or the potential correlation between the biomarkers, so the sweat chloride and the nasal potential difference and the consistency with which we see an impact on those biomarkers along with the change in FEV1, so in early response, a robust response and one that's correlated with the biomarkers.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Thanks very much.
Kurt Graves: Howard, it's Kurt, I just want to add on to what Freda said, a little more perspective on CF since I worked on it in my prior company. If you look at pivotal studies around these diseases and compare it to what we've show in our first 28-day study. I think there's two important points. In the pivotal studies and what's in their label, you do not see a placebo effect in this disease. Some diseases like CNS disorders or gastro esophageal reflux disease, one of the challenges you have in development is seeing a high placebo response rate and then showing an incremental advantage on that when you add your drug on. You do not see that in CF patients. And then in pivotal studies, actually some people on placebo and one of the pivotal trials actually continued to decline. So I think that's what we expect to see when we go forward into bigger, longer-term studies with that drug. In terms of FEV1 level improvements, they tend to be mid single-digit to high single-digit improvements in FEV1. So if we see a sustained effect in the order of magnitude of 10% or 11% plus the biomarker data that Freda talked about that would be pretty impressive than the data in a six-month study.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Thanks, Kurt.
Operator: And your next question comes back to Annabel Samimy from UBS. Your line is open.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Thanks for taking my call, apologies for that technical glitch. On the BIDs for Telaprevir, you had mentioned that that would come shortly after launch. And I was just wondering what is it that you need to actually get a BID dose on the market. And I'll follow-up with a second question.
Kurt Graves: It's yet to be determined exactly what we'll need with the BID to get it on the marketplace. So, I don't want to speculate too much about it. Part of it's going to depend on how robust the final results are from study C208. We think based on the data we've seen so far, basically that we have almost the same RVR results, both BID and TID over 80% and we don't see any substantial differences in safety at 12 weeks. We feel good based on both of those markers that we've got a really good shot at seeing BID be as effective and as safe as a TID regimen. Once we have that data, we'll have to have discussions with the FDA about a couple different approaches to get that on the label as soon as possible. The worst case scenario would be that wed have to do another clinical trial of BID and show it's comparable to TID in a larger study, but that's yet to be determined.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay, great. And also on VX-809, you had mentioned you are into the Phase 2a in parallel with 770. Given their different mechanisms, are you also contemplating possible combination trials during that registration path?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Yes, we do. We're very excited. It's a great question. We're very excited about the potential of combining these two. Of course, there are some clinical challenges or clinical development challenges in doing that and we are anxiously awaiting data, early data from 809 and continued data for 770 so that we can anticipate the appropriate way for us to do the combination.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Can you characterize the clinical development challenges?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Well, they are very obvious. I think in that you're talking about combining two investigational compounds. And certainly there are guidances with the regulatory agencies in some cases that help but there's not a lot of precedent for this in any therapeutic area. There are some examples of attempts at it but there isn't a lot for us to go on. So this will be truly breaking new ground in how we would specifically combine two investigational compounds moving towards an approval.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kolbert from SIG. Your line is open, sir.
Jason Kolbert - SIG: Close to the end here, so I'll make this easy, because most of my questions have been answered. But we never really talk a lot about what's happening in Japan and the timing of Europe. So I wonder if you could just touch upon that, because there is some pretty significant royalties that flow back to Vertex off of those programs.
Ian Smith: Yeah, Jason thanks for the question that's a first one that we've had so I appreciate it. And you're right, it is a significant opportunity and the big picture for us. In terms of timelines first and foremost for Europe, we're pretty much on a very similar timeline in terms of registration possibilities and regulatory approval timelines between the US and the EU, so I think the headline there is very similar timelines. If you look at what's going on in Asia right now, Japanese authorities are actually very up to speed on the data that we've generated with Telaprevir in the US and Europe. And based on the strength of that data, there's ongoing discussions with the PDMA about moving into Phase III studies in 2009 as well. And those studies would be obviously Japan-specific, tend to be smaller than the types of studies we have to do in the US and in Europe and could actually move along quite quickly.
Jason Kolbert - SIG: That's great news, thank you very much.
Ian Smith: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Russo from Baird. Your line is open.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon. Most of questions have been answered as well. Can you comment, Freda, on the expected time between pivotal CF trial based on maybe the feedback you've received from the investigators?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Well, thank you. That's a great question. And I guess what I might be able to share with you is how we think our recent history with enrollment in Part 2 and Part 1 might inform our enrollment in our pivotal program. So, we were able to enroll Part 2 of this study, the additional 19 patients in a very shortened timeframe. Much less than we had originally expected given the rarity of the disease. And that experience, coupled with the enthusiasm of the investigators and clinicians that weve had an opportunity to share the data with suggests that we will be able to recruit substantially faster than one might expect.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then
Freda Lewis-Hall: Does that help?
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Yes, it does. Kurt, I was wondering also as the commercial infrastructure gets broke out, if you've had any recent discussions with payers on the price point that the market will bear for Telaprevir? Thanks.
Kurt Graves: Yes. The answer to that is we actually have been doing quite a lot of payer ad boards, both in the US and outside the US as well as Tibotec. A lot of that right now is making sure that they understand the epidemiology behind this disease, making sure they are up to speed which they are not right now, on the morbidity and mortality and all the publications that are coming out of the cost to the healthcare system if we don't get in front of this disease and cure it as quickly as we can because most of these people are going into their peak period of rest. They've had this infection now for 20 plus years. And I would say right now a lot of the efforts we have with payers are educational around those points before we start to get into price discussions. I think we want them to understand the unmet need and the cost to the system if we don't act in a different way, and then we'll start engaging more around price as we get close to the launch.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks very much.
Kurt Graves: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Zhang from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open, sir.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my questions. Freda, two questions on 770. Actually, I want to go back a little bit. Talking about Phase 2a study, I remember the study actually has two parts, there are 14-day treatment and then with a seven days of washout period I guess, and then another 14 days of treatment. Could you remind me the data we have seen before is that at the end of the first 14-day treatment or at end of the second 14 day treatment? And also I wanted to ask, do you still follow these patients after they are off 770? I wonder whether you see, I know that FEV1 improvement dropped to pretty much the baseline after they are taken off the drug. Have you seen improvement of FEV1 after the treatment? I assume the other drugs been given to these patients. And then I have a follow-up on this trial, too.
Freda Lewis-Hall : Okay. So thank you for those really good questions. Let me start by saying, first of all, the patients in the first 14 days and the patients in the second 14 days were primarily a different set of patients. So these were not patients who were exposed for 14 days, and then re-exposed for 28 days. It was an essentially different patient population. And so, the effect that we saw on the, for first 14 days was in one set of patients and the second, and the data from the 28-day is in second set of patients. So, what we were not able to test or to look at was the durability of response in a single patient. So this isn't across a single patient for 14 plus, then again 28 days. I just wanted to make sure that that was clear, because we have talked about this as a single study. We are not following these patients beyond their 28 days of exposure or for the first set of patients beyond their 14 days of exposure. I think that was the second question that you had. And again, the way that we evaluated the durability of response was to look at the effect of FEV1 in the 28-day study in particular over the course of the measurements in that 28 days. So, I want to make sure that I answered all of your questions though.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then another question is I know in the first part of the study you do have one homozygous mutant. I wonder if you have data to show that patient actually to have the best response, because from a biologic point of view that patient should have the best response to 770. I wonder whether that's actually clinically true.
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, that's an excellent question and we are enthusiastic about the mechanism. I am sorry to say that I don't have the data on that single patient available.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: And are we going to see some individual patient data at some point, so far we haven't seen the individual patient data yet.
Freda Lewis-Hall: So far, our plan is to take the data that we have available and kind of use it to analyze and plan for the next phase of development and to share it with the regulatory authorities. And we currently do not have plans for broader release of the individual data yet.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Flynn from Lazard Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions, just two quick ones. First, just wondering about the VX-500, the design of that Phase 1b, if that's going to be a three-day immunotherapy study given the new requirements out there. And then the second question relates to Telaprevir Phase 2a genotype 2, 3 study, I believe you guys have interim data in-house. Just wondering when we might hear about that data? Thanks.
Freda Lewis-Hall: I'm sorry. I'm going to take your first question. I'm going to ask you to repeat the second question. So the first question is around VX-500 and I will say, yes, we're anticipating during the three-day study based on evolution of the guidance in this area.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And second question.
Freda Lewis-Hall: Im sorry. Could you repeat your second question for me?
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Sure, it relates to Telaprevir and the Phase 2a genotype 2, 3 study that I think is ongoing, just wondering if when we might see some data from that study and future plans in that indication? Thanks.
Freda Lewis-Hall: Yes, so, thank you again tore the question. The study is ongoing, you're correct on that, and we do expect to share that data in 2009.
Operator: And your next question comes from Geoffrey Porges. Your line is open again, sir.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein LLC: [Thanks for] taking the quick follow-up. Just on the Phase III, now you said before that there aren't going to be any interim looks, but could you tell us what exact scheduled for the examination of the safety reports by the DSMB there will be, and will you be notified of that? Thanks.
Freda Lewis-Hall: So, I will tell you right now, I dot do not have the DSMB schedule before me, so I don't know the specific answer to your question on that one. I apologize for that. So, that I don't know and of course we'll be apprised of any major safety issue that arises from those evaluations and we'll monitor the study as is kind of usual and customary.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from Vernon Bernardino from Rodman & Renshaw. Your line is open, sir.
Vernon Bernardino - Rodman & Renshaw: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Earlier this year, Tibotec posted its intent to evaluate PK interactions with Telaprevir in ritonavir based HIV treatment combinations and HIV co-infected patients. Just wondering when we would see data from this study and what is your strategy with ritonavir and Telaprevir?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Yes, so that's an excellent question. We have certainly a set of interactions as well as other patient populations that we think are pertinent to the study of Telaprevir and we are currently in discussions, ourselves and Tibotec, as well as with the regulatory authorities and experts in this area to really nail down both the timing and the character of these various studies. So, we'll look forward to sharing those with you as we get kind of further information about the studies and their timing.
Vernon Bernardino - Rodman & Renshaw: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Yaron Werber from Citi. Your line is open.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Thanks for taking the follow-up. The question is for Ian. And I'm not sure you can answer this, but I'll ask anyway just to help us model. Can you help us understand a little bit, when you completed enrollment in your pivotal studies, does that trigger any payments from Tibotec, and if so can you remind us what you said about that?
Ian Smith: So, thanks for the follow-up question Yaron. There are not milestones that are linked with completion of enrollment. The key milestones that will continue to provide important funding to the company come upon filing and launch; those are the principal milestones that remain, and those would be received commensurate to the timeline.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: So is it fair then. It sounds like we should model revenues next year being lower than this year, just for modeling purposes?
Ian Smith: So, for modeling purposes, Yaron, I think what is easier to do is, I think you understand the relationship that we have with Tibotec, which is, it's a 50/50 share of development expenses, and of course we received an upfront, so from accounting purposes we spread that upfront over the period of the relationship. So, as you project out your R&D expenses for the development of Telaprevir and all the different patient populations and different studies, then you should take 50% of the R&D investment including internal cost and put that as revenue.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Right. Thanks, Ian.
Operator: There are no further questions on queue.
Michael Partridge: Thanks very much everybody for joining us tonight. We are in the office for any further questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: This now concludes your conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director, Strategic Communications Freda Lewis-Hall - EVP, Medicines Development Kurt Graves - EVP, CCO, Head of Strategic Development Ian Smith - EVP and CFO Joshua Boger - President and CEO
Analysts: Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Rachel Mcminn - Cowen Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs Yaron Werber - Citi Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan Annabel Samimy - UBS Brian Abrahams - Oppenheimer Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities Howard Liang - Leerink Swann Tom Russo - Baird Alan Carr - Needham Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets Jason Kolbert - SIG
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals conference call. (Operator Instructions) Michael Partridge, are you ready to begin?
Michael Partridge: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. You may now begin your conference.
Michael Partridge: Good evening, this is Michael Partridge. Welcome, everyone, to Vertex's second quarter 2008 conference call. On today's call, we will review key recent developments in our business. First, we'll discuss the emerging broad product opportunity for telaprevir, which is based on clinical results and treatment-naive hepatitis C patients, as well as HCV patients who failed to achieve viral cure with prior therapy. We will also discuss interim data that supports the continued evaluation of twice-daily dosing of telaprevir. Next, we will review other drug candidates directed at important diseases, particularly VX-770 for cystic fibrosis, and then, we'll review second quarter financial results, our mid-year financial profile, and second half financial forecast. In 2008, we have made important progress in our business. We have moved our clinical pipeline forward with our key HCV and cystic fibrosis product candidates, and we have financially strengthened our business by adding approximately $550 million of new capital through a capital raise, and the monetization of a non-core financial asset. Joining me on the call today to discuss these topics are Dr. Freda Lewis-Hall, our Executive Vice President of Medicines Development, Kurt Graves, Ian Smith, and Dr. Joshua Boger. I'll remind you of the following. Information discussed on this conference call, includes forward-looking statements which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the SEC, including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our second quarter 2008 financial press release, which can be accessed at www.vrtx.com. Unless otherwise noted, all 2008 expenses and guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation. As always, you can visit our website to listen to the conference call and view our PowerPoint presentation or download a podcast. Lastly, after our prepared remarks, we will take questions. Following our call, our IR team joined by Ian, Kurt and Freda will be in the office to answer any additional questions that you have. I'll now turn the call over to Freda Lewis-Hall. Freda is the newest member of Vertex's Executive Team. She joined us in June from Bristol-Myers Squibb, where she was Senior Vice President of U.S. Pharmaceuticals and Medical Affairs. Freda also served on the BMS U.S. Operating Committee and on numerous internal governance teams. We welcome Freda, and we look forward to you getting to know her.
Freda Lewis-Hall: Thanks, Michael. It's an exciting time to join the company, and I'm pleased to have the opportunity to contribute to telaprevir's development, and lead the development of Vertex's other emerging product candidates. In my prepared remarks today, I will briefly summarize our recent progress with telaprevir in hepatitis C and VX-770 and cystic fibrosis. I will also provide a perspective on the remainder of the year. Important data have emerged from telaprevir's development program that have given us insights on the potential product profile, and has informed our development program. We're excited to have embarked on our Phase 3 program. In treatment-naive genotype 1 HCV patients, we are well under way with our pivotal study ADVANCE. This study is focused on 24 weeks of therapy, and is on track to complete enrollment in the fourth quarter of this year. We are also on track to begin in the third quarter, a 450-patient study in the treatment-naive population that will include an evaluation of 24 and 48-week telaprevir based regimens. In treatment-failure patients, European agencies have agreed to the start of Phase 3 in this patient population, and we're engaged in discussions with the FDA to transition to Phase 3 in the US. We expect to start the global Phase 3 program this quarter. Our progress in the treatment-failure patient population is supported by the impressive PROVE 3 and Study 107 interim results. I'll now turn to the 12-week interim results disclosed today from Study C208, an exploratory clinical trial evaluating twice-daily dosing of telaprevir based combination therapy. This four-arm Phase 2 study is evaluating telaprevir dosed at 1125 milligrams every 12 hours, compared to telaprevir dosed at 750 milligrams every eight hours in approximately 160 patients. In the study, telaprevir is being dosed in combination with ribavirin and Pegasys or PEG-INTRON. The available interim data from this study support continued clinical evaluation of twice-daily telaprevir dosing. Specifically, from a safety perspective, the interim analysis shows that the type and frequency of adverse events across the study arms were generally consistent with the previous studies we've conducted with telaprevir. In addition, we did not observe any substantial differences in safety profile between twice-daily and three times daily dosing regimens. In terms of antiviral activity, at week 4 and week 12, the interim analysis showed greater than 80% of patients receiving either twice-daily or three times daily telaprevir plus Pegasys and ribavirin had undetectable HCV RNA. We expect that a more detailed presentation of the interim data from the current study will be presented at a medical conference later in 2008, and based on the completed study results, we're discussing with Tibotec, different options of how to best advance this dosing opportunity within the context of our broad development program. Now briefly to our two cystic fibrosis development programs. I'll start with our current Phase 2a trial for our potentiator compound, VX-770. In the second quarter, we started the 28-day Part 2 portion of the trial, which will dose VX-770 in patients with a mutation known as G551D. Enrollment in this study has been rapid and is now complete with 18 patients. The primary endpoint in this study is safety, with secondary endpoints that were included to determine if a potentiator compound could improve the function of the defective CFTR channel that is responsible for CF. We look forward to completing dosing of the 28-day study in the third quarter of this year, with data by the end of the year. We expect to present data from the 28-day study at a future medical meeting. Now, let me briefly review results from the 14-day, Part 1 portion of the Phase 2 study. In June, we presented results of 20 patients at the European Cystic Fibrosis Society Annual Meeting. The results presented showed an average improvement in lung function of 10% with the highest dose of VX-770 at the end of 14 days compared to pre-treatment. There was no improvement in the placebo group. In addition, results showed that VX-770 improved CFTR function as measured by significant reductions in sweat chloride levels, and changes in membrane potential in the nasal passageway. We currently are engaged in a constructive dialogue with US and EU regulatory authorities about the path forward for VX-770. Impending positive results from the 28-day study, we believe we will be in a position to agree with the authorities on the initiation of a registration program for VX-770 in 2009. We're also conducting two Phase 1 trials in healthy volunteers with VX-809, a corrective compound for CF that based on its mechanism could treat a greater number of patients living with this disease, including patients with a Delta F508 mutation. Depending on the results from these trials, we would look to progress into a single PK and safety Study of VX-809 in patients with CF by the end of the year. Our research group is continuing its high level of productivity, and had advanced other early stage compounds including our next generation protease inhibitor for HCV, and a JAK3 compound for immune-mediated diseases. In summary, we have made important progress with our late stage opportunities in HCV and CF, and remain focused on advancing these programs. I look forward to updating you on data coming out of our program throughout the year. I'll now turn the call over to Kurt.
Kurt Graves: Thank you, Freda and good evening everyone. As you can imagine, the first half of 2008 has been an exciting time at Vertex as we've advanced our business quite significantly. With our lead asset telaprevir, we're well into late stage developments, and at the same time, we're generating new treatment-failure data, and interim twice-daily dosing data that have the potential to strengthen telaprevir's commercial potential and competitive profile. The treatment-failure results to-date have really impressed our key opinion leaders and external advisors. It's fair to say, that these results have exceeded internal and external expectations. From a broader program and portfolio management perspective, we've also met our pipeline objectives, and milestones to-date regarding advancement of our second generation protease inhibitors, our two CF, programs and the initiation of our first clinical study in our JAK3 program. While we're pleased with the pipeline progress to-date, I also want to assure you that we remain highly focused on our top strategic imperative. That imperative is to build leadership in HCV by delivering the best-in-class profile for telaprevir, getting it to market quickly with a competitive label, and then building around our telaprevir position with potential deals and collaborations aimed at establishing the leading STAT-C franchise in the category. The progress we have made to strengthen telaprevir's profile in the first half of the year can be broken down into three key areas: First, the opportunity in treatment-naive patients; secondly, the opportunity in treatment-failure patients; and third, with interim data that further support clinical evaluation of telaprevir in a twice daily dosing regimen. While final results and more studies may be required, all three of these support the broad potential of telaprevir in treating this serious disease. In treatment-naive population, telaprevir has shown unprecedented SVR rates ranging between 61% and 68%. And that's with a treatment duration that cuts standard treatment times in half for the majority of patients. The recent results in treatment failure patient population, estimated now at over 300,000 patients in the US alone are even more compelling, particularly in light of the extreme difficulty of successfully retreating these patients, and the high levels of unmet need in this patient population. If you take a step back and look at our treatment failure-data to-date, there are at least three things that we are seeing in our PROVE 3 and Study 107 trial results. First, we're seeing the potential of telaprevir to be effective across all categories of treatment-failure patients, no responders, partial responders, and relapsers. This bodes very well for the value proposition of telaprevir in the most high unmet need segment of this market. Second, in PROVE 3, we've seen a 73% SVR 12 rate in the relapser population, the highest SVR 12 rate seen to-date with telaprevir, and a 41% SVR 12 rate in the non-responder population, which is critically important because the historical success rate in these patients is 10% to 15% at best with re-treatment. We still see a need for final SVR 24 data from these trials but these results are very encouraging. And thirdly, telaprevir really stands out in treatment-failure patients, especially in non-responders where other STAT C agents have failed, and existing therapies just don't hold much, if any promise for patients. The non-responder population poses a significant healthcare issue as we know from recently published studies including a study published in Annals of Internal Medicine in November, that showed up to 43% of treatment-failure patients, with advanced disease run the risk of liver failure, cancer, or death, within seven years of failing current therapies on the market. Taken together, with PROVE 3 and Study 107 treatment failure results reported to-date, we and our advisors believe that we have demonstrated the potential to deliver a very important clinical benefit that telaprevir may provide to many treatment-failure patients that are desperate for new treatment options before it's too late. We look forward to starting our Phase 3 program as soon as possible and are ongoing discussions with health authorities. Now on to a few remarks about the second half of the year. In addition to refining telaprevir's differentiated profile, we are also focused on capturing first-to-market opportunities and to building an HCV franchise around telaprevir's lead position. We continue to discuss and evaluate novel STAT-C compounds that when dosed in combination with telaprevir and either interferon or ribavirin could define a new triple therapy with potentially even higher SVR rates in shorter durations in the future. Evaluating additional STAT C combination therapies and external collaborations for the future remains a high priority for us as we aim to build on our lead position with telaprevir, and our second generation program. In order to capture the full opportunity in HCV, we are also working to build a commercial model that is highly focused on giving appropriate patient access to telaprevir. This includes addressing the important medical needs in treatment failure-patients I spoke about earlier. We're also focused on addressing the barriers in the healthcare system that currently results in unacceptably low diagnosis rates, treatment rates and referrals to specialists. We are working closely with the medical thought leaders, patient groups and health economic experts to raise the education and awareness of the burden of illness and the expected increase in HCV related morbidity and mortality for patients that have had their viral infection now for 20 to 25 years or more. In summary, we are advancing telaprevir in our pipeline in multiple fronts in the first half of 2008. Our organization is hard at work, and I look forward to updating you on our portfolio and business progress throughout the rest of the year. Ian, over to you.
Ian Smith: Thank you, Kurt, and good evening to everyone. I'm pleased with the strong progress across our business in 2008. This was mainly visible in the clinical advancement of our hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis product candidates, and importantly, in strengthening our financial profile. Financially, we completed the second quarter with approximately $832 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, a strong financial position by any measure, and one that supports our R&D investment. Notably the clinical progression and the advancement in hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis have exceeded our initial 2008 expectations, and to support this progress, we are increasing the investment into these programs to drive our products forward and protect the opportunities being created. Now to the 2008 financial results. The second quarter non-GAAP loss before certain charges was $74 million compared to 2007 non-GAAP loss of $95 million. Increased collaborative revenues are the principal reason for the decreased loss, and such collaborative revenues will continue to be an important contribution to funding our business. The GAAP net loss for the second quarter of 2008 was $91 million, compared to $118 million of 2007, which includes stock-based compensation. Total revenues for the second quarter was $69 million compared to $38 million for 2007. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by a $45 million milestone payment from J&J for the commencement of our Phase 3 registration program with telaprevir and this amount was fully recognized as revenue in the second quarter. Our revenues will continue to be comprised substantially by collaborative revenues that are derived from telaprevir development. Now to the R&D investment. Our total R&D expense was $127 million, compared to $136 million in the second quarter of 2007. This decrease over the prior year reflects a variability in expenses incurred in connection with telaprevir development, with higher expense in 2007 to support PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 clinical trials, and the investment in to telaprevir's commercial supply chain. Our R&D investment in 2008 second quarter reflects reduced investment during the initial start-up period for telaprevir 's advanced trial, and a period of preparation before entering Phase 3 registration program in patients who failed to achieve viral cure with prior therapy. We anticipate that our R&D investment will increase commensurate with the increased development activity, and investment into commercial supply as telaprevir progresses, and will also increase as VX-770 development activities expand following favorable clinical data achieved in Part 1 of the Phase 2 trial in patients with cystic fibrosis. Our second quarter SG&A expense was $29 million compared to $23 million in the second quarter of 2007. This increase was the result of infrastructure build to support our business, and the initial commercial steps we have taken to support telaprevir. Now turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with approximately $832 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, and we have approximately $288 million of convertible debt outstanding, and due in 2013, which has a conversion price of $23.14. Our balance sheet position has significantly improved compared to that we had at December 31, 2007; of approximately $468 million of cash and equivalents. This improvement was driven by equity and convertible debt financings resulting in $460 million of cash and the monetization of our HIV royalty stream, adding approximately $550 million of cash to our balance sheet. Now to the financial guidance for 2008. As I remarked in my opening comments, our business has progressed and advanced during 2008, most notably in the development of our HCV and CF products. In response to the favorable progression and results from clinical trials in these disease areas, we're increasing the originally forecasted 2008 investment. In particular, we are increasing our development investment relating to telaprevir, including investment in telaprevir's supply chain as a result of the favorable progression and results from clinical trials of telaprevir in treatment-failure patients, and, increasing the expected investments in VX-770 development for cystic fibrosis due to the favorable progression and results from our initial Phase 2 study. I'll also point out that the accounting treatment for the monetization of our HIV royalty asset increased the 2008 net loss by approximately $14 million, therefore, we are revising our 2008 guidance. We expect our 2008 loss, excluding certain charges to be $390 million to $410 million. We expect full year 2008 GAAP net loss in the range of $450 million to $ 470 million, and this includes stock-based compensation. In summary, the progress in the first half of 2008, and the increased investment to progress the opportunities that continue to emerge in the areas of HCV and CF are supported by significantly improved financial position. I'll now turn the call over to Josh. Joshua, over to you.
Joshua Boger: Thank you, Ian. And I'd like to add my hearty welcome to Dr. Freda Lewis-Hall. First half of 2008 has been data rich, and we are pleased with the profile of telaprevir that continues to build. We are grateful to shareholders who support Vertex and our employees who work tirelessly to build Vertex on this important medical advancement. We're also making traction in our other pipeline programs like cystic fibrosis. In the second half of the year, we expect data to continue to rollout and further shape telaprevir's future medical and commercial opportunities. We look forward to continuing to report our progress to you throughout the year. Michael, back to you.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, Joshua. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open up the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question and congratulations on the BID results that are very helpful and encouraging. I have a quick question that maybe is a semantic one about the BID results, and then, a string of questions on 770. The question on BID is, could you give us a threshold for what would be a substantial difference in safety profile? I mean you said that there was no substantial difference, and I would just like to have an understanding for what would amount to a substantial difference between the two arms? Then on 770, could I maybe follow-up with just a couple questions on that?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Sure. First of all, thank you for the congratulations on the BID results. We are encouraged by them. As you know Tibotec and Vertex are anticipating giving the details of our results from the BID at a conference later in this year, so stay tuned.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. All right.
Joshua Boger: Geoff, as we go through this call there is a couple of other folks that are going to help answer questions here. So, in terms of a disclosure, because that is really what you are asking, when there will be further data on the BID data. This is a top line release. We understand that people were anxious and wanted to understand the data for the BID dosing schedule. We want to provide this top line data release at this point. We believe we have communicated the critical pieces of this data. As Frieda said, later this year, we hope to be at a significant medical conference giving you all of the specific details on that data. However, at this point, it certainly supports progressing with a twice daily regimen.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So I will just ask on 770. The question on 770 seems to be, its breadth of application and we have had the 10% before, you've top-lined released that. So it is hard for me to see that there is anything new in what you have had to say about that other than progress of the 28-day study. When will you know if that 10% increase is with longer exposure? When will you know whether the drug has utility beyond the G551D patient subset? And when will you know if the drug works in teenagers and children?
Freda Lewis-Hall: So let's answer the first part. Obviously, the 28-day results are going to be critical to the design of our overall program. We expect at that point to be able to address the inclusion of children as well as the inclusion of other mutations as a part of our overall program.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay.
Joshua Boger: Do you have a follow-up question, Geoff?
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: The 28-day study will not include any of the other mutations?
Freda Lewis-Hall: No. Our plan now is for the 28 day results to include only G551D mutations.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Have any of the patients continued beyond the 14-days in the first study?
Freda Lewis-Hall: No.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. All right, so that is all we know right now. Thanks. I will get back in the queue.
Joshua Boger: I will comment, as we move into 2009 Geoff, I think we want to explore other mutations in this disease, the Delta 508 mutation is one that we are very interested, and it's affects a broader piece of this population. We are focused on the 551 mutation at this point which is what Frieda is referring to. However, as we move into 2009, I think you will see us look to explore as we get more comfortable with the progression in this patient population.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Rachel Mcminn with Cowen.
Rachel Mcminn - Cowen: Thanks very much and I will add my congratulations on the BID data. However, I did want to ask about if you can comment or if it is fair to assume that the virologic breakthrough between the two arms, BID versus TID are comparable? I also noticed that you left out PEG-INTRON from your commentary. Is it fair to assume those data do not look as robust?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Yes, actually, I will go back to the point. This is top line data. We are encouraged by it, and we anticipate giving fuller answers to questions around this data when we present it at a medical conference later in the year.
Rachel Mcminn - Cowen: Okay. In terms of the naive study, it looks like you have decided to include a 24-week arm in addition to the 48-week arm, and I am just curious what the impetus was for that?
Kurt Graves: Rachel, its Kurt. As you remember when we talked earlier this year about our registration program in the treatment-naive population. One of the pieces of advice the FDA gave us beyond the pivotal study that we are running the advanced trial which is now enrolling, they thought it would be helpful for us to run a smaller study looking at if there is any benefit of 48-weeks versus 24-weeks; not in a straight head-to-head study but in patients who had achieved RVR and EVR at Week 12.This is the current proposal that we are discussing with the FDA right now and plan to move forward in the third quarter this year.
Rachel Mcminn - Cowen: Okay. Just a last question, in terms of the spending increases there, can we walk away thinking that you have more comfort in telaprevir coming to market earlier because of the commercial supply or it is more related to the additional investment based off of the treatment failure data in terms of clinical trial expense.
Joshua Boger: The increased investment Rachel as I said in my remarks is around hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis. I think we have great opportunity in both areas. It is both progression which has exceeded our expectation, and what I mean by progression is, we are ahead of where we thought we would be, and that includes things like recruitment and others. Also, we do need to invest to protect the opportunities. As you know and talked about, and we are asked many times about early filing opportunities, our base plan here is focused on a 2010 filing launch, towards the end of 2010 and early 2011. We are going to make the commensurate investments where we are with the program at this point in time. So we continue to focus on a late 2010, early 2011 launch.
Rachel Mcminn - Cowen: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: I had a question on C208. My recollection is that this trial included both PEG-INTRON and Pegasys patients or as background regimens, and you gave us the data for Pegasys. What does the data look like for the PEG-INTRON?
Joshua Boger: I will take that because Steve. We specifically have chosen at this point not to provide the data today on PEG-INTRON. That will come later at the medical conferences as Frieda mentioned. We see the important data in terms of the profile, the large revenue, the understanding of the development of our drug, and therefore we provided a top line data on the Pegasys arms, as we are studying our drug with Pegasys in Phase 3 registration program at this point.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Is there any reason for us to believe that it would be different between Pegasys and PEG-INTRON given what is known about both telaprevir and the pegylated interferons?
Joshua Boger: Why do not we wait for the data at the medical conference? As I said, we are focused on the development of telaprevir in combination with Pegasys and ribavirin. So that is what is more important for our development drug.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Joshua Boger: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. A question on the thought process around advanced patients in the US. I know you have indicated what the plan is for Europe, and that you plan to begin the screening in the US. Could you share with us your thought process on what that study looks like?
Freda Lewis-Hall: In the treatment-failure trial, we are currently in advanced discussions with the FDA on that trial and we are on track to start our patient screening this quarter, actually.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: So is it expected to be different than the study under way in Europe in terms of size or patient entry criteria?
Freda Lewis-Hall: Our expectation now by way of our proposal that is on the table is that the studies are going to be very similar to one another, and are awaiting the conclusion of our discussions with the FDA in order to get started.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: It going to be about the same size of 650 patients?
Freda Lewis-Hall: It will be about the same size, yes.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And if I could just follow up, assuming that BID results hold, what would be your plan to advance that regimen given the pivotal studies are already under way with TID?
Kurt Graves: Meg, it is Kurt, maybe I can address that, and I just want to provide a clarity point, it is probably clear to you. The treatment-failure trial, we are only talking potentially about one trial there. Our goal is to do one global study just like we are doing in treatment-naive. However, as Freda said we are in final discussions with the FDA. They are really advanced and as soon as we have that finalized, we will let you know. As it relates to your question around twice-daily dosing, and how we would advance that. Obviously, we want to see the final results from this ongoing study. That is encouraging as we continue to evaluate this, but we do anticipate having to do additional studies and probably file an sNDA post launch to get that on our label. And as long as the results are consistent with what we have seen so far in the study, we would try to move quickly to do that.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. And I am sorry to be dense on this; the total size of the treatment-failure is just over 1200 patients, 1300 patients?
Kurt Graves: (inaudible). That's why I was clarifying.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So the whole thing is 650 patients.
Kurt Graves: That is right.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Kurt Graves: That is our current proposal, Meg.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay thanks. Thanks, guys.
Joshua Boger: Yeah..
Operator: Your next question is from Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citi: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to get a little bit of an update on Study 107. When do you think we might be able to see the ASLD next year, and what is the earliest timeframe in which we can start seeing end-of-treatment data and some SVR data as well. Thanks.
Joshua Boger: On Study 107, we anticipate having final results on that study some time in the second half of 2009. So we would have results prior to the 2009 ASLD.
Yaron Werber - Citi: Okay, but can you give us a sense maybe along the way or can give us an update as to how many patients you have enrolled so far, and would we see any data at the upcoming ASLD, any updates there?
Joshua Boger: Yaron, as you know we do not pre-announce what we will be disclosing at ASLD, it has embargo, but as you have seen, it is an open label study and it would be nice to think that we could provide an update of that study about the progression of the patients and also the new patients that have come in to the study. We have always anticipated that there would be between a 100 and 150 patients in that study and we still have those expectations.
Yaron Werber - Citi: Maybe, just a final follow-up. I know you have gotten a few questions on the call already, but, again, on the BID data, just to clarify if you can, and I appreciate it is still early, but it sounds that the data is very promising. Would you wait until your ongoing Phase 3 is fully enrolled and then start your BID pivotal studies or is there any chance you can do them in parallel or is it concerning to do it in parallel with maybe physicians or patients are going to start using it twice a day in the current Phase 3? I am just trying to get a sense as to how fast can that program move along.
Freda Lewis-Hall: We remain very encouraged by these results, and as I mentioned earlier, we are in conversations right now with Tibotec on how we would evolve the BID dosing in the context of our overall program.
Yaron Werber - Citi.: Do you have a sense as to when you might be able to communicate that to us?
Joshua Boger: We need to run the course of the study, Yaron, and I think, underneath your question what I also heard you say or heard you ask was, is there an opportunity here as we think about our registration program, is there an opportunity to roll this twice-daily opportunity to registration programs? Absolutely not. Let's be clear on this. We have focused our registration programs on a three times-daily dosing schedule. That is what we discussed with the FDA. That is what we are committed to as we look to label this drug. In terms of advancing the three times daily opportunity, there is going to be a discussion with Tibotec as Freda said. This is an early data, we are very encouraged by it and we will work in to the plan at a later date. I think Kurt referenced that specifically thinking about an sNDA which would come later.
Yaron Werber - Citi.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. This is Terry calling in for Jeff today. Just on your thoughts ahead of the discussions with the FDA following the PROVE 3 results, just trying to get a sense from you, how are you going to approach the meeting and what your suggestion is going to be to the FDA ahead of that or in that meeting.
Joshua Boger: If your question is about where we are at with the overall treatment-failure program, we are in advanced discussions with the FDA already and the European authorities. In fact, the European authority discussions have already concluded, and we have a commitment from them to go forward with the recommended treatment-failure studies. That same set of data and the same trial design is what is going at the FDA right now, and we are in final late stage discussions with them to hopefully get the same study under way in the third quarter in the US.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: I am actually curious about plans to try to file on the PROVE 3 data.
Joshua Boger: It is really too early to speculate on any potential for early filing yet until we get final PROVE 3 data and our 107 data in the second half of 2009.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Okay, thanks.
Joshua Boger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Annabel Samimy with UBS.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just on the same vein regarding the PROVE 3 as well as the 107 study, you started the two Phase 3s when the treatment-naive, I am sorry, the second Phase 3 on the treatment-nave, but also in the treatment-experienced, and given that the second treatment-naive study was really to answer a question for physicians, do you still think that PROVE 3 could serve as a second confirmatory study to potentially file on one Phase 3, the PROVE 3 and maybe go for the broader label more rapidly than if you waited for the Phase 3 for the treatment-experienced?
Joshua Boger: You know, that is a very good question. Thanks for the question. We do believe that based on our prior discussions with the FDA, we were asked to do one pivotal study which is now underway, and we did discuss at the time that if PROVE 3 were to be a successful study, that it could qualify for a second adequate and well controlled study. So it still our position that we are now in that position that we are seeing positive PROVE 3 results. The other study we are still committed to doing Study 111 that Frieda was talking about earlier, and that is the one that we hope to get underway in this quarter.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay, so it is primarily commitment, used more as a precautionary measure if the PROVE 3 strategy does not work?
Joshua Boger: It is precautionary but it is also really, more importantly for our label, to help get a clean 24-week label, and we also think it is valuable information for doctors and patients to stop therapy at 24 weeks.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. And on a separate note, Roche has made it pretty clear they are starting combination studies with other antiviral agents like the nucleoside inhibitors about now. I mean, they are checking it out right now. So by the time they come out with some of their own products, they may have that combination data. What is your strategy around that?
Joshua Boger: We have heard bits and pieces but I do not think there has been any confirmation to my knowledge yet that any studies are about to start on that. I know that a lot of people are talking about STAT C combination studies, and obviously including us. We are under active discussion with many companies that have potentially complimentary STAT C therapies to ours. I think the fact that telaprevir is so advanced in clinical studies right now, it would make a lot of sense for anyone who has a STAT C combination product to work with telaprevir since we will be on the market quite a bit earlier than any other protease inhibitor that really has potential, especially in treatment failure patients. So, we feel good about our position right now and we are under active discussion with people that have those complimentary drugs.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Abrahams with Oppenheimer.
Brian Abrahams - Oppenheimer: Hi, thanks for taking my question and my congratulations as well on the BID data. A question on the BID study, without getting into what the specific data looks like, I am just wondering what is your view in terms of what an allowable Delta might be in the 12-week undetectable rates between BID and TID for you to be comfortable that there is essentially no clinically meaningful difference between those two regimens?
Joshua Boger: I think that is a good question, and I want to give you an answer. I think the most important thing that we can look at in the study at the 12-week time point, the two most important parameters to us are the 4-week RVR data, because we know that that correlates very well to SVR from all of our data so far, and the 12-week safety data, which like we said, we are not seeing substantial differences in either any of the antiviral activity or the safety data across the BID or TID regimen with Pegasys. That is what we are encouraged about. That is what gives us confidence to continue to proceed with the BID program. I think where the EVR parameter is important is only in those patients that have achieved RVR, because we know from our data that if we also achieved EVR at 12 weeks, there is even a higher confidence interval, about 4% to 5% higher confidence interval that they will get to SVR for short duration therapy. That is the way we look at the results that we have right now.
Brian Abrahams - Oppenheimer: Okay, just one follow-up question about that study. I am wondering if you can make a comment on the dropout rates between the BID versus the TID arm? I know you said that the undetectable rates looked similar on an intend-to-treat basis, and I am just wondering if that could potentially mean increased dropouts, but offset by, maybe, increased activity with BID or was it generally the same for both? Thanks.
Joshua Boger: Thanks again for the question. Right now what this top line announces and I repeat, we are not seeing substantial differences across any antiviral or safety parameters?
Brian Abrahams - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks very much for that information.
Brian Abrahams - Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Good afternoon. A question, a question about ASLD. With the C208 study, is it possible that you might get a look at more advanced data such as the 24-week data which you may have available by that point?
Joshua Boger: Liisa, I will tell you first as it's fairly a little disclosure question, Liisa. So, thanks for the question. We do not want to pre-disclose what we are committing to in ASLD, and clearly if we are submitting abstracts we also need to see if they are also going to be accepted, but clearly, if certain abstracts are accepted, we will be providing the data that we have in hand at that point in time. The study will have progressed at that point in time. So if we have the opportunity to update, we will do it. This is a Phase 2a, its 160 patients, its 40 patients per arm. It is a small number of patients but it gives us a good understanding of the twice daily opportunity.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Okay, great, Kurt, you talked about combination studies in the context of your second half comments. Should we infer that to mean that you might be starting some combination studies in the second half? Have you done any pre-clinical work yet towards that?
Kurt Graves: My general comments around our strategy and pursuing STAT-C combinations is that, our strategy and our strategic objective is unchanged. We have been actively discussing the potential collaborations with multiple parties now for months, and really where we are at right now is; we are in a great place with telaprevir. The drug is in late stage development. We have got a significant lead both in timeline and profile on protease inhibitors behind us. What we are doing is a careful analysis of the most attractive, and, what I would say is, 'later stage STAT-C combination products', polymerases, but also others to try and figure out the best ones to take into Phase 1b/2a type studies to see if there is potential to improve upon where we already are with telaprevir. We do not feel that we need to be rushed to move into those studies too quickly. We want to make sure that when we do go into a combination trial that we have a fair amount of clarity about what the profile of that complimentary therapy is. And once we get that, I think we are well positioned to potentially do multiple different kinds of studies and/or deals with people that have those complimentary drugs. So once we are at that point in time we will update you as appropriate.
Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities: All right, thanks a lot.
Kurt Graves: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thank you very much. Just have a question about the second Phase 3 study in treatment-naive patients. What is the design of that study, superiority versus inferiority? Can you talk about the powering, what would be considered equivalent for a trial of that size?
Joshua Boger: In terms of the details, I would rather wait until we get our final feedback from the FDA. As I mentioned, we are in late stage discussions with them about our treatment-failure Phase 3 study and this is also a component of that. What I can tell you about the design is, it is geared to answer what I would call the labeling and educational piece of information we think will be helpful to doctors and patients, and that central question is, is there any incremental benefit of 48-weeks over 24-weeks in the subset of patients that achieved RVR and EVR? Now based on all of the data we have today and the pool data from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, we do not think that people who achieve both RVR and EVR, there is any meaningful difference in SVR rates from people that get treated with the 48-week regiment or a 24, and this study is aimed to give us additional data to show them.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Okay, I just had a question on C208. I know that you have said that both arms, BID and TID have treatment rates greater than 80%, but is there a numerical difference between the two arms?
Joshua Boger: Right now, all we are prepared to say and understanding that you want all of the data on this, we really have to protect this data. We are submitting it as an abstract to the ASLD, and we want to respect their policy and embargo policy that we do not give all of the data around this because we have put the abstract at risk and we have put the presentation at risk. What we are seeing with this as we said is no substantial differences in the antiviral activity or the safety parameters for this drug.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Okay.
Joshua Boger: I think that is the main takeaway from it, we are encouraged by this data.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Great. The last question is regarding ASLD and would the PROVE 3 SVR 12 data on the 48-week arms be mature enough for presentation?
Joshua Boger: That is going to be close, Howard. In terms of timeline of the study it is going to be very close. The complete honest answer is if, we are able to gain that data for that presentation, and that presentation is accepted, then we will be providing it but it is going to be close whether we can ensure that we gain the data, we do our QC on it, but if we can do all that I am sure we would like to put it out at the conference.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Russo with Baird.
Tom Russo - Baird: Good afternoon. I have to ask a question about 208 also, but I will try to keep it to what you have disclosed. Kurt, with the 80% EVR being higher than I think what we have seen before, do you think that we are heading towards potentially higher SVRs than we have seen before in this trial?
Kurt Graves: I am sorry. Could you repeat your question one more time?
Tom Russo - Baird: The 12-week time point being above 80% in study 208 for both arms based on what you have seen before, do you think you might be heading towards higher SVR rates in this trial?
Kurt Graves: You know, it is a good question. It is hard to speculate on that right now, and the reason why there is a difference in this trial, and we have designed the study as a response driven trial. We also are using our rash management program in this and I think in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, what we did see is some patients that ran into a adverse event, they were stopped on all three dugs. And what we are seeing in all of our ongoing studies right now is, as investigators become more comfortable using our drug and the triple therapy in general, and when they run into one of those adverse events instead of discontinuing all three drugs, many times they are continuing people on interferon and ribavirin, and that we believe is one of the potential contributors to these higher numbers, but it is too early to speculate on whether that is going to translate into even higher SVR. It could happen, but it is too early and that would be speculation at this point.
Tom Russo - Baird: On PROVE 3, do you have any visibility at this point? I know the expectation would have been for a low relapse after SVR 12, but do you have any visibility yet now that we are a couple months further out into how that is trending?
Kurt Graves: We do not have any increased visibility on that yet.
Tom Russo - Baird: Okay. Thanks very much.
Joshua Boger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Alan Carr, with Needham.
Alan Carr - Needham: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to make sure I got this right on the Phase 3 program and treatment-experienced patients. You are planning just one 650 patient trial and you are just waiting for feedback from the US or from the FDA before going forward with that, is that right?
Freda Lewis-Hall: That is correct.
Alan Carr - Needham: Okay, good. On the US commercialization strategy, I'm wondering if you can give an update on that, how that is progressing if there is any changes in your strategy scale, sales force, and any potential for partnering in the US?
Joshua Boger: In terms of your first question, overall, I think the one thing that we can say about the data that we are showing here is that with new treatment-failure data showing this drug has potential broad application across the treatment-failure population, and if our interim data albeit small numbers in Study C208 right now, if the interim data on BID continues to pan out and we continue to evaluate that further and have a chance to have a twice-daily drug, I think our commercial strategy overall is strong. We believe with a profile like this and the specialty audience that's very focused on specialist, that we will continue as we always have thought that we will be commercializing this product ourselves in the US.
Alan Carr - Needham: Can you give us an estimate on what you think the scale of that sales force might be?
Joshua Boger: The scale of the sales force would be somewhere between 150 to 200 reps at most. You are talking about specialty offices in the US; many of these have more than one physician. There are about 1500 clinics to 2000 clinics that represent about 70% of the prescriptions in the category today, so it is not a broad primary care generalist audience. It is a much focused audience of specialists that really are a expert at managing this disease.
Alan Carr - Needham: Great. Thanks.
Joshua Boger: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Terence Flynn with Lazard Capital Markets.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just a question on the second Phase 3 naive study. I was wondering if there is a chance that that study might be larger than the 450 patients that you originally talked about if the FDA comes back to you and decides to change the design of the study a little bit?
Joshua Boger: I think the best comment I can give you on that is that, the core part of the registration program from our dialogue with the FDA is the pivotal Phase 3 trial. The standard we have to meet is demonstrating adequate efficacy and safety in that study, like we saw from our Phase 2 trials. That is the primary study. What they did is they gave us I think helpful advice that, to get a clean 24-week label which is our goal with this, and to move the medical practice of this disease forward. It would be helpful, not mission critical, but it would be helpful based on their advice to have additional data to support a clean 24-week label. That is why we want to run the study and we think it will also help in the marketing and sales of this by showing doctors and patients what we learnt so far, that there is no benefit of adding 48-weeks of therapy, a second 24-weeks when someone has already achieved RVR and EVR.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay and then just a question on 208. I am not sure if you are going to answer it, but just the timing of the breakthroughs that we are seeing, I am assuming there was some, but in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, I think the breakthroughs were all clustered pretty much in the first four weeks. Can you just comment maybe if there were any differences in the timing of the breakthroughs between the two arms or if it replicated what you have seen in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2? Thanks a lot.
Joshua Boger: Yes, I am not going to get into specifics about that. I think if you take a step back from Study C208, we are talking about a Phase 2a study with somewhat small numbers. So, I think we need to be careful of the conclusions we try to draw out of this. This is a study as we are running it right now, where we do not see any substantial differences in the antiviral activity or the safety profile of the BID versus TID regimen. But the reason we say final results and more studies will be required is because this is a Phase 2a study and we will have to move forward as long as these results are consistent when we get final results with a more definitive trial. Right now we are not seeing anything that discourages us from continuing to evaluate twice-daily.
Terence Flynn - Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Jason Zhang with BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. A question for PROVE 3, and also Study 107. In the past, at least we have that expectation that by the end of the year, a mature data from PROVE 3 should be available, and given that interim data was very positive and there is certain hope that the mature data is still good, you will be able to talk to the FDA and then hopeful to find out whether there is a pathway for a [extend] with approval. However, I heard you saying today on the conference call, you have to wait for a mature data from Study 107 in the second half of 2009. Is that something you got from FDA or since you have started the Phase 3 treatment-failure population, you just do not want to even try this anymore?
Joshua Boger: So actually, it is a good question and thanks for asking it because we do get a lot of questions around this. To be very specific to your question, we have not heard from the FDA that would require having 107 in hand. What we do not want to do is speculate that PROVE 3 by itself would be sufficient, and the reason for that is, while, there is clearly a high unmet need in these patients, and we have compelling early interim data from the PROVE 3 study, there are some questions that are not answered in PROVE 3 and I will just give you one example. One of them is, is there any difference in a 48-week regimen and no responders? That question is being addressed in Study 107, so what we are saying is, to be transparent with you is as we can right now, we think having a package of data that answers the right clinical and potential labeling questions, if we were ever to have an opportunity would probably be best served by having PROVE 3 and 107. It may not be the case but, conservatively speaking we think that that would be the right kind of package to be able to talk about the how those drug looks treatment-failure patients. Obviously, when we have the PROVE 3 data, we will be sharing that in our continuous ongoing dialogues with the FDA and that may change, but it is too early to speculate on that right now.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Can I just follow-up on that, you said, some questions that could be answered, in the bigger Phase 3, the data will be richer to answer a lot of questions. I am just wondering, for study 107, given that it is an open label study, what critical information you can give that you do not really have in PROVE 3 and to increase your confidence or the regulators' confidence that whatever treatment regimen will be appropriate for approval?
Joshua Boger: I think the one thing that is different about 107 versus PROVE 3 is, in PROVE 3 as you know everybody was treated, not everybody but in the arm where we have seen compelling data it is on a 12 plus 12 regimen. 12-weeks triple therapy followed by interferon and ribavirin for 12 more weeks. One of the questions based on the results we have in that arm that was not addressed specifically in PROVE 3 was, would a 48-week regimen, 12-weeks of triple therapy, followed by 36-weeks of interferon and ribarivin, would that provide any incremental SVR and relapse benefit over and above a 24 week regimen? That question, we will have some data on in Study 107.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Joshua Boger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Skorny with SIG.
Jason Kolbert - SIG: Hi, guys, Jason Kolbert here actually. Just a couple of questions. You have not talked that much about the next generation PI's. What are the attributes of the next generation PIs? How do you see the development of them going forward?
Joshua Boger: Thanks Jason, and thanks for your question. As you know, we are choosing to develop the second generation PI's, and at this point we are not ready to provide any data on those programs. The principal focus is on telaprevir and the important data that would come from the next generation programs I think is in the future. So, we are going to continue to focus on those as many ways that they could add or have features that can enhance how we treat this disease, but at this stage we are not in a position where we provide data on those compounds.
Jason Kolbert - SIG: Can we switch gears to manufacturing a little bit? I would like to just ask you a question about who is actually in charge of manufacturing? What roll do you have versus Tibotec in terms of sourcing intermediate ingredients? For example, I know that one key intermediate ingredient is sourced out of China. Is there a second sourcing? Is that Vertex's sole responsibility or is that a J&J operation?
Joshua Boger: So Jason, thanks for that question. It is an all too infrequently asked question in terms of how we protect our supply. We are in great shape with our manufacturing and commercial supply. We outsource all of it. We do start in China. We come through Europe and then establishing in the US. We are already making this drug in commercial scale, and have advanced significantly over the last two or three years. In terms of J&J's or Tibotec's role in manufacturing, when we put in the collaboration, two or three years ago now, we did actually have J&J commit to also building manufacturing capabilities and also contractually provide us with a support if we do run into a problem with our own outsourced supply chain, so we have nice diversification of risk in supply chain with Tibotec and J&J, but right now we are in great shape in terms of starting with our own supply chain outsource, starting in China as you refer to, coming through Europe and then into the US and we are producing the drug to scale at this time.
Jason Kolbert - SIG: Perfect. Thank you for that very detailed answer. So, I want to just turn over to my associate to ask you a pretty detailed question on the Delta F508 mutation in CF associated with VX-770. [Miguel], go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. The question really pertains to a little bit more clarity on where you are going with some of the future mutations for CF. It is our understanding that Delta 508 actually leads to a polypeptide that does not reach the membrane and therefore would not be relevant to the mechanism of action in 770. So, I presume that you are not going to be looking at a homozygous mutations in Delta 508 and you would be looking at heterozygous ones, is that right?
Joshua Boger: I appreciate the question for this call, let's take that question later. What we will tell you at this point is that we have got in vitro results that support the production of the drug in the Delta 508 patients, but we will have to talk to you in detail in terms of the science and so will Freda after the call is complete.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. I just want to give a shout out to Dr. Freda Hall, and say, it is really great to see you at Vertex and great to connect with you again.
Freda Lewis-Hall: Thank you.
Joshua Boger: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your last question is from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks. Just a quick follow-up on the change in your net loss guidance. Ian, could you just give us a little bit more detail on where the $70 million Delta comes from? You mentioned the $14 million. Could you just talk about what is contributing that and is it principally going to go through the R&D line or the SG&A line? Thanks.
Ian Smith: Sure, thanks for the question, Geoff. The number you referred to $70 million is a little higher than the move we've actually made, but in terms of principle of what you are asking, there is a change in our guidance just because we are no longer recording the full revenue and cost of revenues from our HIV royalties and that is approximately $14 million. The remainder of the investment is principally into hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis. As Freda referred to earlier in her remarks, we have made tremendous progress in cystic fibrosis and had some great discussions with the US and European authorities. We have to think about 2009 and the potential of being in a registration program in the 551 patients and that is ahead of our expectations. We need to start preparing for that, so we are in position to commence that trial subject to the results from the 28-day study. Similar to cystic fibrosis, we are also investing in hepatitis C because the results were beyond our expectations. Frankly, in the treatment-failure patient population, we did have expectations at the beginning every year and expectations for the progression of the program. The results that we saw in the PROVE 3 interim analysis were beyond where we thought and again what has translated in to it is the progress of the program, and we need to invest to support that progress of the program which is ahead of where we initially thought at the beginning of the year. Those are the principle investment in hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis. They are good opportunities and we need to protect those opportunities.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  What about the effect on the P&L and other parts of your guidance?
Ian Smith: We have not specifically quantified the effect on the R&D but it is principally in the R&D line, if that is the question you are asking Geoff. The change in the guidance is principally in the R&D line other than the comments I made on the royalty loss.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks. That is helpful.
Joshua Boger: Okay. Thank you very much everybody for listening to our call tonight. We are in the office if you have any follow-up questions, and we look forward to talking to you. Thanks.
Ian Smith: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Vertex Q2 financial results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Partridge-Senior Director, Strategic Communications Joshua Boger, Ph.D.,-President, and Chief Executive Officer  Ian F. Smith-Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President John J. Alam M.D.-Executive Vice President of Medicines Development, Chief Medical Officer Kurt C. Graves-Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, Head of Strategic Development
Analysts: Rachel McMinn, Ph.D.-Cowen & Co Geoffrey Porges-Sanford Bernstein LLC  Karim Defillipe [ph] - Citigroup Annabel Samimy-UBS Securities  Hari Sambasivam-Merrill Lynch  Brian Abrahams, M.D.-Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.  Lisa Bayko-JMP Securities Howard Liang, Ph.D.-Leerink Swann and Company  Thomas Russo-Robert W. Baird  George Farmer, Ph.D.-Wachovia Securities  Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets 
Operator:  Good afternoon, my name is Lamonte and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Q1 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Partridge, you may begin your conference.
Michael Partridge-Senior Director, Strategic Communications:  Thank you and good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome everyone to Vertexs First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. Vertex had a very strong start to 2008 and we have made important progress in all aspects of our business. First, we have commenced a Phase 3 registration program in HCV genotype 1 patients, focused on 24-week duration of treatment. Second, we have received our first early data in HCV patients who failed prior treatment with pegylated interferon, a ribavirin, suggesting an opportunity to treat this important patient population and third we have our first early results from a study evaluating every 12-hour dosing of telaprevir that suggests an opportunity for a twice-daily dosing regiment. In addition to these advances with telaprevir we continue to push forward with our second-generation HCV program and have the first clinical results from our cystic fibrosis program. Supporting our pipeline investment, we strengthen our financial position by raising approximately 400 million in gross proceeds from a public offering and as we finished the first quarter we have a total of $750 million in cash and marketable securities.  At the EASL conference later this week, we hope to see some of you and we look forward to presenting data that supports telaprevirs leadership and differentiated product profile in HCV.  On todays call we will cover first quarter financial highlights, telaprevirs profile and broad first to market opportunity and other progress in our pipeline. These topics will be discussed and expanded upon during todays call by Ian Smith, Dr. John Alam, Kurt Graves, and Dr. Joshua Boger.  I will remind you of the following: information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our first quarter 2008 financial press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.vrtx.com Unless otherwise noted, all 2008 expenses and guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation. As always, you can visit our web site to listen to the conference call and view a PowerPoint presentation or download a podcast. Lastly, after our prepared remarks we will take as many questions as we can until we conclude the call at about 5:45 pm. After the call our investor relations team, joined by John, Kurt, and Ian will be in the office to answer any additional questions. Before I turn the call over to Ian Id like to remind everyone that we are hosting an investor event on the lawn during EASL this Thursday, April 24, for those of you who will be there, and well have prepared remarks starting at 11:00 am local time in Milan. We are planning to webcast this event at 5:00 am Eastern Daylight Time for members of the investment community who are unable to attend. A replay will also be available. I will now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith:  Thank you Michael and good evening to everyone. Ill be brief with my remarks. The financial highlight in the first quarter was one of strengthening our financial position. We added approximately $400 million to the balance sheet through our financing, which allowed us to end the quarter with $750 million of cash and marketable securities. Were well positioned to support the breadth of investment into our business.  Now for the first quarter 2008 financial results: The first quarter non-GAAP loss before certain charges was $82 million, compared to the first quarter 2007 non-GAAP loss of $63 million. The increased loss was principally due to a reduction in cooperative revenues compared to the prior year, but was partially offset by lower R&D expenses. The GAAP net loss for the first quarter of 2008 was $96 million compared to 81 in the first quarter of 2007. Total revenues for the first quarter of 2008 were $42 million, compared to $69 million for 2007. The decrease in revenue was primarily driven by a reduction in non-recurring milestone revenue achieved in 2007 and other R&D reimbursement. As we look forward our revenues continue to be substantially supported by R&D revenues and more specifically, revenues that support telaprevir development. To this point in early April we achieved a $45 million milestone for the dosing of patients in our telaprevir registration program. This milestone is an important financial contribution and we expect that it will be fully recognized in the second quarter.  Now to the R&D investment: Our total R&D expense was $115 million compared to $133 million in the first quarter of 2007. This decrease over the prior year reflects investment activity in 2007 to support PROVE 1 and 2 clinical trials and the investments into our commercial supply chain. While in 2008 investment reflects the period of lower activity as we prepared for advancement of telaprevir into the Phase 3 registration program. We anticipate the R&D investment will increase commensurate with the increased development activity as telaprevir progresses through the year.  Our first quarter SG&A expense was $22 million compared to $17 million in the first quarter of 2007. This increase was a result of infrastructure build to support our business and the initial commercial steps we have taken to support telaprevir.  Now to guidance: We are reiterating guidance for 2008 GAAP and non-GAAP loss that we originally provided on our year-end 2007 conference call of February 2011.  I will close by stating the first quarter was financially important as we strengthened our financial position to close with $750 million of cash and marketable securities and we have continued that progression with the recent achievement of the $45 million milestone. Balancing investments with financial strength continues to be an important under pinning with balancing our business. John, over to you. 
John Alam M.D: Thank you, Ian. Ill begin today by highlighting some of the key telaprevir results to be presented at EASL this week, focusing particularly on the opportunity with telaprevir in the hard to treat patients who failed prior pegylated interferon and ribavirin treatment including non-responders, partial-responders and relapsed. Data from preclinical studies are being presented at EASL, PROVE 1, PROVE 2, and study 107. For PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 the key new data are the final SVR results in the telaprevir arms and SVR 24 results in the PROVE 1 control arm and SVR 12 results in the PROVE 2 control arm. We believe the data supports the potential of telaprevir in treatment-nave patients to increase the risk benefit over current therapy with significantly higher SVR rates and by shortening the current treatment duration in most patients.  Next, study 107. Because it is the first promising data in patients who failed treatment with prior pegylated interferon and ribavirin, many of our investigators have said, perhaps the most exciting clinical results in all of EASL are the interim analysis results from this study. Study 107 enrolled patients from those who failed the control arms are PROVE 1, PROVE 2, or PROVE 3. These date provide significant insight into the potential opportunity for telaprevir to address this important patient population, and also helped to differentiate telaprevir relative to other protease inhibitors in development. Study 107 is on going and is still enrolling patients. The abstract, that is already online, highlights four-week on treatment data from 32 patients who were in the control arms of the PROVE studies and failed to achieve an SVR and that elected to receive a 12 week triple regiment of telaprevir pegylated interferon and ribavirin followed by an additional12 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. At the time we submitted the abstract a total of 54 patients had been enrolled in the study. In addition to the data disclosed in the abstract, at EASL we expect to present all available data for more patients who have now reached the four-week time point and we will disclose on treatment data for patients in study 107 who have reached 12 weeks of therapy. These data are early and we do not know yet what percentage will ultimately achieve an SVR result, but the level of response we have seen so far in all patient sub groups make the results very encouraging. A real strength of study 107 is that we are dealing with patients who were enrolled in a prior controlled study and we know their recent treatment history and their response to prior standard of care treatment in exquisite detail. This insight is valuable in clearly defining the potential effect of telaprevir in treating well-defined non-responders, partial-responders, and relapsed patients. I look forward to reviewing the specific results across each of these patient subgroups after the data are disclosed on Thursday.  In terms of this patient population otherwise, as you know, we have PROVE 3 on going. PROVE 3 is a Phase 2b trial evaluating telaprevir combination therapy in 440 patients who failed prior treatment with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. In May, we expect to complete and submit to the NDA the first interim analysis for PROVE 3. We expect those results to form the basis for the first of multiple discussions on the development and registration path for telaprevir in patients who have failed to achieve SVR with prior pegylated interferon and ribavirin therapy. It is too early to speculate on the exact next steps for development with the US and European health authorities. As weve said consistently, our primary objective remains to achieve a broad and differentiated label in both treatment-nave patients and patients who have failed prior treatment with pegylated interferon and ribavirin as quickly as possible. At present our guidance on our core development plan and timeline remain unchanged. We plan to have SVR data from our treatment-nave program in the first half of 2010 with a subsequent NDA filing.  In addition to study 107 and PROVE 3, we are conducting a range of Phase 2 studies that can further enhance the profile of telaprevir. Today we provided the first information from a study evaluating the safety and efficacy of telaprevir dose to either twice daily or three times daily together with either pegylated interferon or ribavirin. The twice-daily regimen consisted of three tablets of telaprevir totaling 1125 mg given every 12 hours while the three times daily regimen is the same regimen were evaluating in our other clinical studies, 2 tablets totaling 75o mg given every 8 hours. This study began in October 2007 and is now fully enrolled. We reported today the first pharmacokinetic analyses of the study have been completed and the results support continuation of the twice-daily dosing regiment. Specifically, preliminary pharmacokinetic analyses of pre-dose samples taken on day 8 of dosing in approximately 50 patients indicate that the trough concentrations in these patients receiving a twice-daily dosing schedule were approximately 2300, 2,300 ng/ml, a value that is better than we expected and similar to the trough concentration of the three times daily telaprevir based dosing schedule in the study. This concentration is also similar to the trough concentration that we observed in the PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 studies when telaprevir was dosed every 8 hours and when we found a substantial increase in SVR over standard of care treatment arms. For reference in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 from the population PK sampling analysis, trough concentrations were approximately 2,300 ng/ml in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 was similar. While we still need further efficacy and safety data, we are optimistic that with these pharmacokinetic results there is real potential for telaprevir to be dosed in a twice-daily dosing schedule. We expect to have additional efficacy and safety data to fully compare the regiments in the second half of the year. If those results are successful, we will determine the best path forward to get twice-daily dosing on the label as soon as possible after launch.  In summary for telaprevir, we have made great progress in the firs quarter of 2008. We commenced dosing and our registration of study of treatment on each patient, we had the first data in patients who failed prior treatment with pegylated interferon and ribavirin, and we have the preliminary pharmacokinetic results suggesting a twice-daily dosing opportunity for telaprevir, all very important advancements.  Now briefly to two of our other development opportunities. Ill start with the VX-770, an oral drug candidate we have in development for cystic fibrosis. In late March we announced the data from part 1 of a two-part Phase 2a trial in patients with a mutation known as G551D. Part one enrolled 20 patients. Our goal in testing this compound in a small subset of patients was to see if a potentiated compound could improve the gaiting of the defective CFTR channel that causes CF. These data showed a mean 10% improvement of lung function at the highest dose, as well as significant reduction in sweat chloride levels and changes in chloride ion transport in the upper airway as measured by changes in nasal potential differences. Results from the interim analysis support the hypothesis that improving chloride ion transport in CF patients may correlate to improvements in lung functions. We expect to present these data at the 31st European Cystic Fibrosis Society Annual Conference taking place from June 11 to June 14 in Prague. Following presentation of these data we expect to complete part 2, which is a 28-day study of the Phase 2a study in the second, with the 28-day part of the Phase 2a study in the second part of 2008. Also in the cystic fibrosis program we are conducting a Phase 1a trial of VX-809, a corrector compound for CF that can treat a greater number of patients living with this disease. We expect results from this study later in 2008. Finally, briefly to our Aurora kinase program. We expect that our collaborator, Merck, will initiate Phase 1 clinical development of MK-5108, also known as VX-689 in the second quarter. These drug candidates are currently being evaluated in patients with advanced or refractory tumors; additionally, Merck continues to evaluate efficacy and safety data for the Aurora kinase inhibitor MK-0457 or VX-680 for the treatment of cancer following the previously announced suspension of clinical trial enrollment for this compound. These programs reflect ours and Mercks conviction that Aurora kinases are an important potential mechanism for the treatment of cancer. In summary, we have made tremendous progress and still have a lot to accomplish in 2008. I will now turn the call over to Kurt. 
Kurt Graves:  Thank you, John, and good evening everyone. I will keep my remarks brief tonight and in the context of what were doing to build on our lead and strengthen our position. Our number one priority remains the same, fully leveraging our first to market opportunity with telaprevir. With the new data were developing and the data we have going into even next week, were now seeing the potential, more than ever, to build on telaprevirs strengths and our HCV portfolio strategy to create a sustainable leadership position in this dynamic category. Telaprevir continues to raise the benchmarks and differentiate its profile amongst STAT-C therapies. Today it has number one generated unprecedented SVR rates ranging between 61 and 68%, together with the potential of shortened treatment duration of 24 weeks for the majority of treatment-nave, genotype 1 patients and two it is the first and only STAT-C to enter a registration on Phase 3 program focused on 24-week treatment durations. On top of that were seeing a differentiation in our early antiviral data in patients who failed prior treatment with pegylated interferon and ribavirin and were also seeing early PK results, which shows the potential for telaprevir to be a twice-daily drug. While these data are early and more data are required in both cases, they are highly relevant to strengthening our competitive differentiation and the breadth and depth of our market opportunity. As John mentioned, in a week four interim analysis of data from study 107, telaprevir significantly brought down the viral load in patients who had not responded to current therapies, most notably in all three subgroups including no-responders, partial-responders and relapsers, many of whom had very limited or no treatment alternatives at all. Many of these patients represent the highest unmet need populations in hepatitis C and are a very important piece of the hepatitis C market opportunity. We recognize that these data from study 107 are early, but we are encouraged by the viral responses at week four and look forward to discussing further on treatment data with you in more detail at EASL. Beyond this promising data in parallel, were not standing still. We are seeking to leverage our first to market position and are pursuing a number of potential collaborations and deals with companies that have future complimentary therapies to telaprevir and our second-generation protease inhibitors. Once telaprevir is launched and well established, prescribers will want to know how to use the next evolution of potentially complimentary therapies once they are approved. We think it makes sense, as a leader in the area, to address that opportunity and to provide the telaprevir combination data as early as possible, working with companies who share a common vision of the opportunity created by our lead position. This is a high priority for us in 2008 and we look forward to keeping you updated as we progress. In summary, as more and more data emerge from our global development program, I believe we are strengthening key aspects of our product profile and our potential differential advantages, which should improve launch uptake and also provide a stronger and more durable competitive position. If our early 107 data and our preliminary twice-daily results translate into our desired results, we have even more reasons why we are well on the way towards establishing telaprevir as a cornerstone therapy in the treatment of HCV. There is more to do and challenges will always lie ahead, but we are serious about our commitment to eradicating this disease, and we fully intend to leverage our lead position, our profile enhancing studies, smart business development collaborations, and our expanding STAT-C portfolio. Joshua, over to you. 
Joshua Boger Ph.D.:  Thank you, Curt. 2008 is an important year for demonstrating the strength of telaprevirs profile. We recognize and respect that other companies also see the unmet need for patients with HCV. The HCV market has tremendous opportunities for growth. There are increasing numbers of HCV patients entering the health care system and we are developing product candidate to address this severe, unmet, medical need. With the first STAT-C to enter a Phase 3 registration program, we are one step closer to capitalizing on the first to market opportunity in treatment-nave patients. Im also pleased with the progress telaprevir is already demonstrating in treatment failures. Telaprevir has shown an early effect in non-responders and relapsers and most impressively in no-responders, where others have shown that they are not likely to show success in this population. We have a deep commitment to HCV. In addition to our progress in treatment-nave and treatment failures, we are also focused on building a category leadership position. We are exploring opportunities to evaluate telaprevir in combination with other STAT-C therapies. Beyond HCV, we are diversifying our pipeline with a number of other novel, first in class product candidates. We are demonstrating our commitment to high-growth, specialized diseases. The VX-770, our oral compound for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, showed it has potential in the early studies, to restore lung function in CF patients. Its a very exciting time to be at Vertex, we are making important therapeutic advancements, we are lighting the way forward in the number of disease.  Michael, back to you.
Michael Partridge: Thank you. At this time, we will now open the call to questions.  ------------------------
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Well pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Cowen & Co.
Rachel McMinn, Ph.D.-Cowen & Co:  Yes, thank you very much for taking the question. I guess I wanted to ask you a little bit more about the bid study. I think you mentioned, you say that the trial will continue as planned. Is there a specific, pre-specified analysis at week four that we should be thinking about and if there is, is there some sort of nomentheoryrity [ph] that you would need to see in order to continue on past week four? 
John Alam M.D: Yes. Rachel this is John, thank you for the question. We are, the study is actually now fully enrolled and its proceeding very smoothly and very nicely. There is no pre-specified stopping point at week four, week twelve; there will be an analysis of the 12-week safety and antiviral data that we expect early in the second half of the year. I think in terms of the RVR or antiviral data, our expectation at this point is that the results between given the pharmacokinetic data that weve seen, that the results between the two arms in terms of twice-daily and three times daily will also actually be quite similar, given that for an antiviral drug, trough concentration is a key driver of antiviral activity, whether its measured in hepatitis C as RVR, undetectable ACVR, RA and ultimately SVR. It is the blood concentrations and the trough concentrations that consistently for antiviral drugs, that trough concentrations drive the result We have with PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 established a particular trough concentration as a benchmark to be able to achieve the SVR rates that we achieved, which RVR and SVR rates that we achieved, which was a approximately 2300 nm/ml and then with all that, with the analysis that weve done, which is, you know, the first third, about a third of the patients in the study, but with that data, at a time point that you are at steady stage 4 trough concentrations, they arent going to go up any further; they are stable at that point. With the similarity in trough concentrations, the antiviral effect should follow with similar antiviral effect as well. 
Rachel McMinn, Ph.D.-Cowen & Co: Should we take that to mean, in your perspective then, if there is a risk, if you will, in the trial and that the bigger risk would be safety as opposed to efficacy?
John Alam M.D: I think thats the one that in terms of an antiviral effect, that youre right. Our expectation at this point, it is actually to confirm what were seeing in terms of the antiviral results. In terms of safety, we obviously, at this point, havent done the detailed safety analysis, but the results that are available at a high level, it is consistent with what weve seen in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, and nothing really stands out as going with one arm or another. In terms of, if your question is in terms of peak concentrations and what that might play out in terms of its safety profile, in our prior analysis in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 we havent seen any of the, whether it be GI side effects, rash, any of the adverse events that weve seen in that particular combination have not been correlated to peak concentrations, but we will confirm that with the more detailed safety analysis thats coming up. 
Rachel McMinn, Ph.D.-Cowen & Co: Okay, so and then just last question on this: do you have a significant proportion of patients out through 12 weeks?
John Alam M.D: We havent provided the specific numbers of patients. It started in October 2007 it is now fully enrolled.
Rachel McMinn, Ph.D.-Cowen & Co:  Okay, thanks very much, I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein.  
Geoffrey Porges-Sanford Bernstein LLC : Yes sure and congratulations on the bid, I think its certainly intriguing at this time. A question there, you obviously breadth on these patients, at least at eight days. Can you confirm whether the same percentages of patients are undetectable at eight days or roughly the same in the two arms? And a fair question, if you would just talk to, John, what the regulatory strategy might be for bid. Youre Phase 2s your big Phase 2s and now youre Phase 3 around bid, how can you sort of incorporate bid in the potential label and what is your thinking on that at this point? Thanks. 
John Alam M.D: I cant comment on the ATVR and A data, we havent disclosed that information. Again, I think with the PK data that we have with the trough concentrations with an antiviral drug, with the PKPD relationships that weve already established to this point across our various studies. In terms of antiviral effect, we are definitely optimistic in terms of being able to ultimately establish the similarity of antiviral profiles for twice daily versus three times a day. In terms of strategy going forward, we will need the full set of data to define the profile and it may be that at that point its a better time to specifically go in terms of what the long-term strategy is going to be. We will be working, obviously, with the data and with regulatory authorities. If its confirmed, our expectations in terms of safety and efficacy, to bring it to the market as soon as possible after launch; in the short-term, I think it does provide that much more confidence in the three times daily regiment. Overall what we found in the data that weve obtained in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 and now in this study, that the blood level profiles are in fact flatter and more sustained than we had originally expected coming out of Phase 1 and thats presuming a combination of the formulation being in HCV patients and all around its performed better in terms of a sustained trough concentration, which may in fact explain the very good results weve obtained in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, particularly in terms of the very low break through rates. 
Geoffrey Porges-Sanford Bernstein LLC :  So, could I just follow up with one: should we be thinking about this as [indiscernible] its okay for a patient to miss a day or should we be thinking about this in terms of this being a drug thats labeled for bid administration routinely?
John Alam M.D: Both.
Geoffrey Porges-Sanford Bernstein LLC : Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Karim Defillipe [ph] - Citigroup:  Hi, this is Karim Defillipe Im just filling in for Yaron Werber, but thanks for taking my question. In regards to the PROVE 3, what interim data exactly do you expect to submit to the regulatory authorities in May and could you elaborate, perhaps a little more, what the next steps would be, when we would see that data and also, the possibility of PROVE 3 serving at the second registration trial? Thank you.
Joshua Boger Ph.D.: The key data in the interim trial are the SVR 12 results in the two 24 week arms in PROVE 3, including in particular the 12+12 regiment in that study. That interim analysis will be completed and submitted in May and well talk further in terms of specific registration paths or how we would move forward from there after weve had our initial set of discussions with the regulatory authorities; the focus of which will clearly be as the first set of data that they will have seen in this particularly hard to treat patient population to get a full understanding of the data and the implications of the data.
Karim Defillipe [ph] - Citigroup:  Great, thanks very much. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Annabel Samimy with UBS Securities 
Annabel Samimy-UBS Securities :  Sorry, all my questions have been answered thank you.
Joshua Boger Ph.D.: Thanks, Annabel.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Hari Sambasivam-Merrill Lynch 
Hari Sambasivam-Merrill Lynch : 
 :
Joshua Boger Ph.D.: Hari, thank you for the question. So on the safety profile, we havent seen any, and again its a high-level analysis at this point. We havent seen any subsequent differences between the regiment and the  but what weve seen is consistent with what weve seen in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. In terms of the VX-770 and dosing, we do have an ongoing PKPD analysis and a dose response analysis. I think as we said in our call and I know we said in our call, there was an underlying dose response. With the number of patients we have in the study, a more robust analysis in terms of where we are in terms of does response curve will be a PKPD analysis and that will drive whether we add additional doses in the 28 day part of the study or not. Otherwise our focus will be on the 150 mg dose level twice a day.  
Hari Sambasivam-Merrill Lynch :  Thats great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Abrahams, with Oppenheimer & Co. 
Brian Abrahams, M.D.-Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. :  Thanks for taking my question. Im just wondering, going back to the bid study, if you could talk in a bit more detail about how the PKPD profile that youre seeing compares to what you saw in that original 14 day model therapy study. I guess Im just wondering how much of an impact do you think the different formulation that you used back then is, how much of an impact do you think that might have on the potentially different outcomes in the two studies, or should we think about it more in terms of the bigger impact, the larger impact coming from the combination uses of interferon and ribavirin in this study versus the prior study. 
John Alam M.D:  Thanks for the question Brian. At this point, just to be clear, the ATV, R&A data are blinded and they are not, we have not evaluated any antiviral data and so I cant comment on PKPD for twice daily versus three times a day. The key information at this point are that the blood levels of telaprevir with trough concentrations, which have been consistently across our studies that what drives the antiviral effect, those trough concentrations are in the twice daily regiment at 12 hours after the last dose are and immediately prior to the next dose, they are approximately 2300 nm/ml, similar to what was seen in the three times daily and similar to what we reported in PROVE 1.
Brian Abrahams, M.D.-Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. :   I guess just to clarify my question, I was just wondering how those trough levels compared to the trough levels you observed at a similar time point in that initial study.
John Alam M.D: All right, great question. As we came out of the mono therapy study our objective, as you might recall was, we targeted a concentration of maintaining 1000 nm/ml at trough in all patients. In PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, we3 actually were able to achieve, with the formulation, in the combination we evaluated it in, in ATV patients, everything together immediate of around 2300 nm.ml, so about 2x above our initial target. Again, it may be the reason why that regiment has performed as well as it has in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. Again, those are the trough concentrations that were achieving, so were, with twice daily as well, more at a median, more than twice above that initial target.
Brian Abrahams, M.D.-Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. :  Great and just a quick follow up. Any updates on when the second pivotal study might begin?
John Alam M.D: We have no further update as of today.
Brian Abrahams, M.D.-Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. :  Okay, thanks for taking my questions. I look forward to seeing you guys on Thursday. 
John Alam M.D: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lisa Bayko with JMP Securities.
Lisa Bayko-JMP Securities:  Hi guys and congratulations on the bid data, it looks very encouraging. 
Joshua Boger Ph.D.: Thank you. 
Lisa Bayko-JMP Securities:  I just have a couple questions on the, is the trial being run in both the US and Europe or just in Europe?
John Alam M.D:  Its being run only in Europe. And in, just to be clear, in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, PROVE 1 all in the US, PROVE 2 all in Europe. The PK and trough concentrations between, there were no significant differences between the US and European populations.
Lisa Bayko-JMP Securities:  Okay and then can you just give us the specific blood concentration that was established in PROVE 2?
John Alam M.D:  We have not provided that, but its very similar to the 300 nm/ml which we did report in IR Jacobsons presentation at ASLD.
Lisa Bayko-JMP Securities:  Okay, so Im just trying to follow the train of logic that perhaps youre seeing a different blood concentration because of the difference in population size. 
John Alam M.D: The comparison within the study is within the same population. So the first part of the result is that in the study were reporting on, the study C-208, the twice daily regiment and our otherwise, you know the three times daily regiment do in fact have very similar trough concentrations.
Lisa Bayko-JMP Securities: Okay, great. Thanks for the clarifications. 
John Alam M.D: Yep.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Howard Liang with Leerink and Swann. 
Howard Liang, Ph.D.-Leerink Swann and Company :  My question is on the bid trial. I think you mentioned the concentration you mentioned, 2300, was that median or mean? And I guess my, really my question is what about the variance, was the center deviation the same between the bid and the arm?
John Alam M.D: So thats the, thank you for the question, great question. The median is what were providing, but you are absolutely right. When we say similar trough concentrations, we are not just looking at one number. We are looking at actually all the data from the 50 patients, about half of whom received half daily regiment, half who received three times daily regiment and its looking at all available data, the range, you know we basically plotted the individual patients of where their trough concentrations were and data comparison is where the conclusion that there are similar trough concentrations comes from. 
Howard Liang, Ph.D.-Leerink Swann and Company :  Okay great. Then why only 50 patients? I thought each trial had 200 patients and also what is the breakdown, of the 50 patients, between the Pegasus and second trial arms? 
John Alam M.D: So the trial has enrolled approximately 150 patients that was the original target. This pharmacokinetic analysis was basically set up and run at the point that about a third of the patients had been to the point and then the PK was run and you know, run and analyzed. There is an ongoing data generation. The next planned interim analysis is a full PK as well as safety and efficacy analysis that will include as much of the up to week 12 data as possible.  
Howard Liang, Ph.D.-Leerink Swann and Company :  Okay and a question on the 107 study, can you say how many more patients you are going to see, Thursday, and how many have reached week 12?
John Alam M.D: Lets talk about it on Thursday, Howard. We will have more week four data and we will have up to week 12 data and this is an advertisement for everyone here, it is going to be a good discussion and I hope to see you there to talk about the full set of data that well be presenting on Thursday.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Russo with Baird.  
Thomas Russo-Robert W. Baird :  Most of mine have been answered, but can you give any update on any commercial inventory builds so far this year and also the numbers and types of positions that you might be adding within sales and marketing?
Ian Smith:  So, thanks, Tom, its Ian here. First totally were increasing our investments in niche customer markets area and Kurt may have a brief comment there. Not significantly at this point, but as we get more data and as we get more understanding with the FDA with how quickly we can bring this drug to the market, youll find we cant wait to investment. Lets face it thats the story in our customers market area. As far as our commercial inventories build, were not being specific on how much the investment is there. Its very similar to customer markets investment as well, based on our path, based on our timeline, were going to invest based on risk to build inventory for launch. We wont give any specificity on the amounts were building at this time; maybe something will be clearer on closer to market. 
Thomas Russo-Robert W. Baird :  Okay and then you may have already given this in the past, but the primary Phase 3 trial in treatment-naives, can you tell how many patients are on a 12+12 versus an 8+16 regiment? 
John Alam M.D:  Well the studies  sorry, John, go ahead. The study is 1050 patients divided by four, it gives you the size of the three arms. So 350 patients per arm, controlled 8 week telaprevir duration with peg interferon duration driven by either RBR of 24, 48 weeks and then the 12-week telaprevir duration with 24, 48 weeks of pegylated ribavirin. With the focus obviously being on the 24-week regiment.
Thomas Russo-Robert W. Baird :   Okay, thanks a lot. 
John Alam M.D: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Farmer with Wachovia Capital.
George Farmer, Ph.D.-Wachovia Securities : Hi, thanks for taking my question. John, can you comment a little bit more on the bid trough levels? Im just expanding on a previous question. Going back and looking at the original mono therapy data, the trough levels that were attained with tid were about 1000 nm/ml and with bid there were 780, Im just reading this directly from the flyer right now. You mentioned that you got to 2500 in both PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, how did you achieve that? Was this a different formulation than the mono therapy study or might have there been an effect due to pegliva?
John Alam M.D: The primary affect is the formulation. The mono therapy study, their call was a suspension. Our work subsequent to that is with a tablet formulation with which we actually do achieve on it, by itself, about two-fold higher concentrations than we achieved in the original mono therapy study. There is an affect of interferon  we assume its the interferon that does modestly increase the levels ultimately to that around 2300 nm/ml level but the major increase in trough concentrations comes from the formulation.
George Farmer, Ph.D.-Wachovia Securities :  Okay thanks. Ian do you expect any other milestone payments this year?
Ian Smith: Yes, we havent given specificity. Theyre included in our revenue guidance that we provided for the full year. Just to remind you, that revenue guidance for the full year that we gave back in February of this year was between 200 and $220 million, and that would include other milestones.
George Farmer, Ph.D.-Wachovia Securities :  Okay, thanks very much. 
John Alam M.D: Thanks, George. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Zhang with BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets:  Thanks a couple of questions. When will be the first time that we can see the bid study data presented at a medical meeting? The second is the supply channels, supply management, how many suppliers have you identified [indiscernible] and how are you going to, do you raise that by securing more suppliers or are you going to rely on one of two main suppliers
Kurt Graves: Thanks for your question Jason. So first on the data question on the bid study. So, given that it is a Phase 2a type study, 160 patients, what you should expect is a disclosure that would probably be top line data in a press release that would come later this year. Weve tended to preserve the detail of the studies for medical conferences and weve also preserved the disclosure of medical compasses for those trials that could potentially be used for registration. But, in summary, the bid study would be a top line press release and in the later part of this year. On the supply question, first of all we have a supply chain in place that starts over seas and comes through Europe and into the US and its had its validation and were productive and already producing commercial product. As far as diversifying the risk in our supply chain, weve also got J&J, a very capable partner, J&J and Tevotech and they are replicating a process and they are a very able back up in terms of diverse funding our risks. Were at a very good place to scale up in commercial supply of our product, including where J&J is today as well.
Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. I think a quick question on your collaboration. I think it its not the first time, but certainly the first time you have emphasized exploring opportunity and seeking a collaboration of other products in the future development and I know youre not going to disclose the company youre talking to, but from a philosophical point of view, you know given there are so many different opportunities, there are different types of drugs, you know polymers inhibitor, protease inhibitor and your new modulator. How are you going to evaluate this opportunity and to whom are you going to focus more on, you know, versus the others?
Kurt Graves: Yes, Jason its Kurt. Its a good question. Right now, we at Vertex are really trying to take a view that were trying to build a leadership position in the category of hepatitis C and were looking at novel therapies that can be combined with either telaprevir. Were also looking at potential therapies in the time frame that could be combined with our second-generations proteases as well. Right now our current thinking based on all the data that comes out and were tracking all the different complimentary therapies and were in discussions with not just one company, but multiple companies. We tend to be leaning towards the STAT-C therapies that are most advanced with, what looks like so far, potentially promising and efficacy and safety data to the point where they could be potentially combined with telaprevir and get to the market based on the leadership position we have with telaprevir potentially quicker. 
Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets:  Financially how are you going to arrange these collaborations? Do you have any preference?
Kurt Graves:   It really depends, company by company, the different types of collaborations were looking at. Some of them include just doing joint studies for potential inclusion in labeling right up through different kinds of deals where we would have the asset ourselves in our own portfolio. So its not something I can give you one response on, there is a number of different companies were talking to in different structures.  
Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets: Thanks.
Kurt Graves: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And there are no further questions at this time. 
Joshua Boger Ph.D:  Okay, if there are no further questions, well say thank you very much for listening to the call tonight and let you know that we will be in our offices to answer any follow up questions that you have. Thanks again.
Operator:  This concludes todays Vertex Q1 Financial Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications Kurt Graves - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dr. Joshua S. Boger - Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer John J. Alam - Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer
Analysts:  Geoff Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley William Sargent - Banc of America Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs Rachel McMinn - Cowen Richard Smith - JP Morgan Brian Abrahams - Oppenheimer Thomas Russo - Baird Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch Annabel Samimy - UBS Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities 
Operator:  Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Johnathan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Year-End 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Partridge, you may begin your conference. 
Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications: Good afternoon. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Director of Strategic Communications. Welcome everyone to Vertexs 2007 year-end conference call. Todays call is focused on reviewing Vertexs business priorities for 2008 and outlining the financial strategy that supports these priorities. This evening, we also announced that we have filed registration statements for a combined offering of our common stock and convertible debt. We will not be providing any information about the offering in todays call and refer you to the press release for specific details. Joining on todays call from Vertex are Kurt Graves; Ian Smith; Dr. Joshua Boger; and, Dr. John Alam who is also here with us and will be available for the Q&A portion of todays call.  Before I turn the call over to Kurt, I will remind you of the following: information discussed in this conference call may consist of forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K.  GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial press release which can be accessed on our website at vrtx.com.  Unless otherwise noted, all 2007 expenses and 2008 guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation.  As always, you can visit our website to listen to the conference call and view a PowerPoint presentation or download a podcast.  Lastly, after our prepared remarks, well take as many questions as we can. But, in the interest of time, we will conclude the call at about 6 p.m. Once the call concludes, our IR team joined by Ian, Kurt, John and myself will be in the office to answer any additional questions.  I will now turn the call over to Kurt. 
Kurt Graves - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer : Thank you Michael and good evening everyone. We started our 2008 with a major accomplishment on telaprevir and the FDA as well as the EMEA, and we believe the fundamental value drivers for telaprevir and for the rest of our growing portfolio have never been stronger or more promising. With that said, its a great pleasure to be here tonight speaking with you about our 2008 business plans. I'd like to start-off with a focus on our pipeline, our portfolio strategy and our key priorities for 2008. Then, I will hand it over to Ian to give you an overview of our financial results and our 2008 financial strategies and outlook for the year.  To start-off, there are four major components of our portfolio strategy that each aim to expand the breadth and depth of value across their pipeline. First and foremost, we aim to execute Phase III policy to fully leverage the differentiated profile and first-to-market opportunities with telaprevir and key telaprevir life cycle programs. Second, now that telaprevir is in the final stage of development, we aim to take definitive steps to build a multi-drug HCV portfolio around telaprevir, our second-generation protease inhibitors and other targeted external assets to build a leading HCV franchise. Third, we aim to demonstrate the value of key assets outside of HCV that are advancing in our clinical pipeline with a focus on progressing two novel compounds for cystic fibrosis and a novel JAK3program for immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. The fourth and last area of our portfolio strategy is to partner in our out-license assets where Vertex doesnt have a core therapeutic area focused and/or where we see a collaborator that can add unique value to our assets.  Let me briefly expand in each of these four strategies in our portfolio. First, starting with telaprevir. We plan to leverage the agreed Phase III trial design which is solely focused on 24 week durations with the RVR design to realize the full potential of telaprevir's profile. Our aim remains to deliver high rates of cure together with a compelling reduction in the duration of therapy for patients and their doctors. In doing so, we believe we can and will set high competitive hurdles at launch and continue to improve upon them through ongoing life cycle development activities in the areas of dosing and novel combination studies just to name a few of the things we are working on in 2008.  We also have plans to prepare and leverage first-to-market opportunities which are so valuable in the HCV category in particular. Our plan with important studies like PROVE 3 in treatment failure population is to generate additional data that will put us in a position to fully capitalize on this first-to-market growth opportunity. There are many treatment failure patients in the market some having failed standard-of-care several times that urgently need new therapy that gives them a shot at virological cure. Our aim is to be the company that first meets these needs and capture the full opportunity.  For naive patients, we already have robust Phase II data showing significantly higher cure rates of SVR with our 24 week telaprevir-based regimens compared to 48 week's of standard-of-care. We believe that we have designed a pivotal Phase III trial that could at a minimum replicate the efficacy and safety results that we achieved with a 24 week regimens in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. Beyond the pivotal Phase III trial, we are also focused on meeting three core elements of an overall registration package with the FDA for treatment-naive patients. Let me outline to you those three elements. Element #1 is obviously the pivotal Phase III three arm trials starting this March. The second element of the registration package is having a safety data base of 1,100 to 1,500 patients treated with their highest potential dose of telaprevir. And the third element is a second well-controlled study either in treatment-naive patients or treatment failure patients.  To meet our registration package requirements on patient database size and a second well-controlled study, we've chosen a plan that we believe gives us flexibility and also covers our basis with two solid study options. Option one is with a 400 patient treatment-nave trial that we will be enrolling this year where we aim to generate confirmatory data that a telaprevir-based 48 week regimen offers no risk benefit advantage over the 24 week regimen that we will utilize in our Phase III study and plan to take to the market. We believe this data is helpful for meeting our registration and labeling goals. But even more important, we believe adding supportive data showing there is no risk benefit advantage of a 48 week regimen could help us speed the adoption and comfort level with our 24 week regimens in the marketplace where it's most important.  A second study possibility for registration purposes is represented by PROVE 3. PROVE 3 is a well-controlled 440 patient study evaluating different telaprevir regimens in treatment failure patients. I want to be clear here, our expectation that this trial could be included as part of a registration package depends in part on the strength of the data. All patients have completed telaprevir dosing in this trial and we anticipate receiving interim data during the second quarter of this year at which time we and Tibotec will then discuss the results with FDA and EMEA. Both options give us flexibility and support a rapid time-to-market. We project having final SVR data from PROVE 3 by year-end 2008 and final SVR data from the other two trials within the first half of 2010.  Moving onto our second portfolio strategy, which is focused on building a leading and sustainable franchise in the HCV category. Beyond the core registration strategy with telaprevir, we have built multiple life cycle efforts underway to improve and optimize telaprevirs profile further. But we also aim to build a leading multi-drug HCV franchise. We believe HCV will require multi-drug regiment to achieve cure rates and this is unlikely to change for sometime. Therefore, one of our key goals is to stand the forefront of innovation in defining the most effective regimens for patients. To build out our HCV portfolio in 2008, we need to strengthen our protease inhibitor physicians by bringing forward two second generation protease inhibitors specifically VX-500 and VX-813 as rapidly as possible.  Telaprevir has set very high hurdles on the two most important attributes of efficacy in duration of care however, if something can be designed to compete with it or even define a new combination treatment approach we tend to be the company that brings that to the marketplace through our knowledge and expertise in the area. In parallel, we tend to use our leading protease physician with telaprevir and our two second generation proteases to evaluate and attract combinations with novel interference and our attractive STAT-C combination products like polymerase inhibitors to building a leading multi-drug HCV portfolio. Through collaborations, joint studies and our product deals, we are targeting multiple options in this area to build our strength, and we believe our strategy is a win-win for those with complementary therapies.  The third component of our portfolio strategy goes beyond HVC, where weve chosen to focus our portfolio and compete in other specialized disease categories with very high unmet medical needs. I will briefly review three potential opportunities we are focused on in 2008.  First in Cystic Fibrosis, we are leading in the development of two novel compounds that work on the fundamental underlying biochemical defects in CFTR. VX-770 is the CFTR potentiator compound in Phase IIa trial, and VX-809 is the CFTR corrector compound in the Phase Ia clinical trial in healthy volunteers.  CF is a specialized indevastating disease, and it affects approximately 30,000 children and young adults throughout the US. It is another example of a disease category where we believe Vertex is targeting the right market one with huge mobility and mortality rates, where our approached to therapies isnt just another symptomatic therapy, but instead, with a potentially transformational therapy that could if successfully developed be disease modifying for patients who today only have an average expectancy of 37 years. We hope to change that life expectancy.  In addition, we have ongoing preclinical activities for a number of early stage compounds that we plan to take in the clinical development this year. Specifically, we announced today that we expect to initiate clinical development of a novel and potentially differentiated JAK3 inhibitor and mid 2008 for the treatment of multiple immune-mediated inflammatory diseases such as Rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, organ transplant and other serious diseases.  During 2008, we plan to generate data that could establish the potential of these compounds as potentially disease modifying breakthrough product opportunities. In the fourth and last component of our portfolio strategy consistent with our disease area and overall portfolio strategic direction, we end the partner or out licence assets in our earlier stage pipeline that either dont fit with our targeted disease areas and/or where we believe the collaborator can add unique incremental value to the asset. An example here could be with our JAK3 program which has the potential to be developed in multiple autoimmune inflammatory disease areas in parallel.  In summary, we are at a new and very exciting stage of development as a company, where we are focused on rapidly progressing the company towards our first significant commercial launch with telaprevir, and at the same time we are fortunate enough to have a growing portfolio of novel assets in the clinic or just about to enter the clinic for HCV, cystic fibrosis and multiple immune-mediated inflammatory diseases.  We look forward to updating you on progress throughout 2008. Thank you for your attention this evening. And Ill hand it over to Ian. Ian, over to you. 
Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks, Kurt. Today Ill cover two topics. First Ill discuss our 2008 financial profile and how we are directing our investments in our business compared to 2007. And second, our financial strategy to support our planned investment profile.  As you heard from Kurt, we have identified four key business and portfolio priorities for 2008. In summary, we are investing to drive and expand the first-to-market opportunity with telaprevir and our next generation HCV portfolio assets. While advancing our clinical development to drug candidates by other important diseases such as cystic fibrosis and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.  In addition, we maintain our proprietary research and continue to productively add to our clinical pipeline. Now for the 2008 investment profile and how this compares to 2007. Regarding to a 2008 loss excluding charges and gains to be in the range of $320 to $350 million, similar to that of our 2007 non-GAAP loss of $325 million.  In 2008, we are fully funding our opportunity in HCV and this is the priority in our business. In the other areas of our business, we are trailing investment levels to reflect data from ongoing studies on our balance sheet profile specifically. We have important ongoing studies and commitments to early stage and mid-stage compound that may result in significant opportunities in the near-term. Our level of investment commitment into these areas will be data driven and will reflect our assessment to our financial profile as we proceed through the year. We expect full year 2008 GAAP loss in a range of $380 to $410 million which is similar to the 2007 GAAP loss of $391 million; both numbers include approximately $60 million of stock based-compensation and restructuring expense.  We are forecasting total 2008 revenue in the range of $200 to $220 million. This represents a slight increase from 2007 revenues of a $199 million and is mainly driven by revenue drive from our development based collaborations.  Our revenue forecast for 2008 is consistent with that of prior years. We are principally reliance on our existing development collaborations including revenues from milestone achievements, most notably, a $45 million milestone, which we expect to received upon the initiation of dosing of patients in a Phase III study of telaprevir. We anticipate new collaborative revenue that could be between $20 and $40 million.  Now, to the R&D investment. We forecast in 2008, the R&D investment will be in a range of $490 to $520 million for the full year, which includes approximately $45 million of stock-based compensation. This is similar to our 2000 R&D expense of $513 million, and it also includes our investment in telaprevir commercial supply. Our priority of HCV, and we are managing the investment into earlier and mid-state opportunity based on important clinical data in our financial profile.  We expect SG&A expenses to be in the range of $110 to $120 million in 2008, including $10 million of stock-based compensation. This is an increase of 2007 SG&A expense of 85 million commensurate with our commercial expansion to support HCV and internal organizational development to score the progression of our business.  In summary, we believe we have a balance  our 2008 investment towards advancing our HCV portfolio while advancing and creating other significant clinical opportunities.  Now to the balance sheet. We entered 2008 with cash and equivalents position of approximately $468 million, and we are currently engaged in a process that may result in the monetization of our HIV royalty toward further capital to our business. With additional cash inflow from our R&D collaboration including milestones that I have mentioned, we are well positioned to drive significant value from important clinical events.  In closing, we are fully funding our opportunity in HCV as this is our priority. And while we progress other aspects of our business, we have managed the operating investment to be dependents on both data from ongoing study and the balance sheet profile. Josh, over to you. 
Dr. Joshua S. Boger - Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Ian. We are increasing the fundamental value in our business. We believe the progress we are making with telaprevir, as well as across our organization is positioning us to succeed at a corporate and commercial goals. We've established eventual strategy to support these objectives and look forward to making focus investments in 2008. In the past several months, we completed productive interactions with both the FDA and EMEA relating to the registration program for telaprevir.  We are confident our Phase III program, one is being viewed enthusiastically by the clinical community will confirm the benefits of a 24 week telaprevir based regimen. We believe it will help to assure in a new paradigm for the treatment of HCV. We look forward to starting a pivotal trial in March. We talked about several milestones for you on the call today. We know it is up to us to deliver in order to establish a successful business for many years to come, and we are focused on delivering. I look forward to reporting to you on the progress of Telaprevir in the year ahead. There are lot of data being generated from clinical trials across our pipeline it should be an exciting year.  I will turn the call now back to Michael. 
Michael Partridge - Senior Director of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Joshua. We will now open up the call to your question. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Geoff Porges from Sanford C. Bernstein.
Geoff Porges: Thanks very much for taking the question and congratulation guys on getting the financing helpfully out of the way in future. Number of questions on development strategy here. You are standing a little bit more bullish in your comments on PROVE 3. Why are you becoming more confident? Could you give us a sense of what you are saying, and frankly when we might hear about it, but also, is it true now that you are actually seeing end of treatment data for the 24-weeks arms already at the basis for your stent. Secondly on the enrollment for Phase III for the telaprevir study, what assumptions are you using behind the completion of enrollment at the end of the year. That seems a little bit longer than in the past, typically this run rates. And then finally, on additional deal flow, could you give a little bit more color Kurt on what opportunities you see from the early stage assets where you might be focusing your attention on the BD activity? Thanks.
Kurt Graves: Thanks a lot Geoff. Its Kurt, Ill start it off and Ill ask John to make a couple of comments here as well. On your first question on the development strategy and maybe sensing some more confidence from us around PROVE 3. I think the most important thing I can say about that for us is an organization and for the compound in general is that this particular segment of patients the treatment failure patients are the highest unmet needs segment in the marketplace. And as we continue to do market research and talk to customer about this (Inaudible) patients which has changed a couple of weeks ago, and made a firm impression on me just about how much demand there is out there for new therapies that can present an opportunity to cure these patients. So for both reasons of unmet need market size and having a first-to-market opportunity focused on that opportunity, its very key to us as a company. And Ill turn it over to John to talk about from our clinical scientific perspective.
John Alam: Okay. So in terms of the PROVE 3 trial itself, you know, its obviously an important trial for the very reasons that Kurt outlined. The treatment-failure population is an area of great unmet needs and I think the clinical community has a tremendous amount for that reason, has a tremendous amount of interest in the outcome of the trial of the size of PROVE 3. Its a significant trial to 440 patient trials. The status of the study at this point is that, as Kurt said, all the dosing in the telaprevir arms have been completed. And more specifically, all treatment is now complete in the two 24-week arms, which includes one arm which is the 12-foot 12-arm that has performed as well as it has in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. The first interim will be focused on SVR 12 data in those two 24-week arms and that will be done within the second quarter. We obviously dont have the data at this point. But we are optimistic particularly around and I am personally, I am optimistic around the 12-foot 12-arm, because of the data that weve obtained with the 12-foot 12-arm in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. And I think with that we can, it is  we are optimistic about getting a differentiated result with the 12-foot 12-arm even in the treatment failure population. I am not going to go through the specifics of the data from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 of why we are optimistic. I am surprised to say that it's clear that if you go through the data in detail, there are patients who would have been non-responders if they had been treated with just interferon and ribavirin who are getting clear responses and even to SVR with the 12-foot 12-regimen. And there are patients who would have relapsed with the standard of care who are not relapsing and getting to SVR with the 12-foot 12-regimen.
Geoff Porges: Thanks. Enrollment John?
John Alam: Enrollment in Phase III, I dont think we have changed the guidance that the study is set to be initiated next month within the next several weeks, and we are looking to six to eight month enrollment period for that study. It will be done within the fourth quarter, which I think is right on target for 1050 patient trial.
Kurt Graves: And Geoff, there is a third component of your question on additional deal flow.
Geoff Porges: Yeah, where are you going to focus, where you see the value opportunities there?
Kurt Graves: Yeah, I alluded to it a little bit Geoff in the call. One area that we have an exciting compound is our JAK3 compound, which is obviously a very interesting in the industry overall right now. And we feel that we have got a potentially in our role and potentially differentiated compound there. The issue for us as a company is that JAK3 as a target is a highly interesting target, because it can potentially be used in several; really were talking here four or five up to six different diseases of significant size. And to be able to maximize the value of that asset, were going to be having discussions with people about how to maximize the value of that asset for each disease state, but also from a development timing perspective, developing multiple indications in PLL. So, when we sit back as a company, we look at our priorities in HCV being our top priorities both around telaprevir and our second generation program. We know that we probably need to collaborate here to maximize the value of the asset with JAK3, if we intend to develop it in multiple diseases. So, thats an example of one, where were focused on discussions with collaborators. But we also have areas in the area of oncology perhaps around POK and CMET, we are obviously still working on 702 and we are having different discussions with partners there. So, that will give you a feel of what we are looking at.
Geoff Porges: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Harr from Morgan Stanley.
Steven Harr: Yeah, a couple of questions. As we look out of the next couple of years, where do you expect to see the burn rate go, its been above $300 million now for a couple of years as the potential for telaprevir not to launch until 2011, your need for capital that could be extensive. And then, second of all, John if you want just comment over on b.i.d. dose, I know you guys had RVR data in-house or you should have it in-house either already a very soon any chance if you could see something from that. And then, third, I know you already win over PROVE 3 job. If you could just help us understand why you think that however, it might be different than what we saw for telaprevir which really struggled in this environment that will be great? Thank you 
John Alam: Thanks Steve. Thanks for the question. So, a very common question, the Vertex one. . Thanks for brining it out. He is asking me to look into the future is very difficult. Obviously, the way that we look at it as the burn is reflected both the investments that we chose to make to drive the opportunity. So for example, we have a very large opportunity in HCV and how did you take the most of bad opportunity HCV looking at all the multiple patients and building commercial supply, multiple patient population building commercial supply to launch the drug successfully.
 :
John Alam: So, on your two clinical questions Steve. This is John again. So, I am starting actually with your second question on PROVE 3. Again, given the data that weve seen with PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 and the design of PROVE 3, and the patient population that we are studying, I personally and I think as a company we do believe that we can and well be successful in the PROVE 3 trial.
 : Now whether or not Telaprevir can be successful within that niche, we will see the data. But I think given again the level of activity that weve seen in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, we should see a high level of response in the broader both non-responder and the relapse to population that we are evaluating in PROVE 3, and in fact represents the broader treatment failure and medical need in that population. With regard to b.i.d. dosing, we expect on the first pharmacokinetic data within the first half of the year, and actually clinical data from patients in terms of response on treatment response rate within the second half of the year.
Steven Harr: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Sargent from Banc of America.
William Sargent: Hi! Thanks for taking my question. Two quick questions first I guess based on your anticipation of getting data from the Phase III programs, did you also anticipate a filing in the first half of 2010, or Telaprevir. And then also, I was wondering if you could help us by differentiating all the more for the second generation PIs how they might differ from each other and what the new addition to the PI pipeline could bring to the table? Thanks.
John Alam: On the first question with regards to timelines, what I covered in the script is essentially telling you that we have coming out of the meeting with the FDA, an agreement that we have one Phase III pivotal trail thats focused on 24 weeks and that as a company the rest of the registration package will require that we have a second well controlled study. We have two options to meet that, one option could be PROVE 3 pending the results of that study which will finish and well have results on the end of 2008. The other study is the 48-week study, that study will finish like the first pivotal Phase III trial, and will have rest of the data from both of those in the first half of 2010. So, theoretically that creates different filing assumptions. We think for a base case assumption for planning purposes right now you should assume the 2010 filing timeframe based on the results that we talked about, but there could be an opportunity based on when we finish the first pivotal study, and if PROVE 3 is positive that that can work for a filing package as well.
William Sargent: And in the second generation PIs?
John Alam: Could you restate your question on that?
William Sargent: Yes. I was just wondering now that youve got two second generation PIs and beginning to look at them from the clinical development standpoint, what to get help us differentiate the two a little bit further or is it same scaffold just looking at slight modifications?
John Alam: We havent given on any particular details and rather than start going down giving out details of that right now, I think the most important thing on the second generation is that we obviously know the hurdles that weve established for Telaprevir and we think those are very high and weve designed these specific to second generation compounds to meet or beat the hurdles that we set in Telaprevir in at least one or more dimensions as it relates to efficacy, safety dosing the obvious areas that you consider, but right now we are not prepared and we are obviously focused on generating data as soon as we can, and when we have relevant data will disclose that to you at the appropriate time. 
William Sargent: Would you anticipate that being in 2008? 
John Alam: It depends on the data. If anything it would be in the later 2008, early 2009 time-frame most likely given where we are in clinical development. 
William Sargent: So there is a potential that we would not get any further data on this compounds in 2008? If the data is something that I guess, what depends on the data, I guess, could you clarify that a little bit further? 
Kurt Graves: So, well you are asking for a disclosure commitment to this point regarding the second generation compound, the way we look at this is the most important data is when we are in patients and how these drugs act in patients. So the point we have that data, we will provide it to the street. 
William Sargent: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meg Malloy-Goldman Sachs. 
Meg Malloy: Thanks very much, I guess there are two followup questions. One is, could you clarify what top-line data we will get from PROVE 3 in Q2 versus year-end and from your perspective, can you share with us what you think would constitute a registrational result? 
Unidentified Company Representative : Meg thanks for that question. May be the disclosure question you are asking, I will take and let John take the second part of question, which was a registration result I believe, if I got the question correctly.  So, PROVE 3 is John and Kurt have both explained, very important study for us based on the population but also some of the excitement you heard John talking about to the opportunity for a good result. We want to preserve the integrity of that study and the result that we would get from that study, take the data which we will have available to ourselves early in the second quarter and told to the FDA regarding that result. At that point based on the discussion with the FDA we will have a better understanding of the path forward in treatment failure patient. Once we have more clarity on the path forward in treatment failure patient and we would look to disclose that as it is relevant to the market which could come around the middle part of the year may be the second part of the year. So thats the disclosure path in terms of protecting the PROVE 3 data. John, do you want to comment on the registration? 
John Alam: I think its really just coming down to the strength of the result, both in the product treatment failure population relative to what one would expect within the standard of care arm, its probably a little premature at this point to give a specific expectations, but it really does comedown to consistency of response and level of response. And I would like to just take the opportunity to add a little bit to the prior response on the (telaprevir), the telaprevir versus telaprevir in this patient population because it is  its in this specific population where potency and early viral HCV RNA reduction is where you would expect the most impact as much as, in the treatment nave it has an impact in terms of duration of treatment and being able to bring the duration from 48 down to 24 weeks.  I think in the treatments failure population and in particularly in the non-responder, it become the question of whether they are going to respond or not based on whether you have an early and potent reduction in HCV RNA or not, which is why as much as the non-responder population, the niche population the (Inaudible) would evaluate is going to be tougher to treat, but at the same time, I think there is a reason and a specific scientific rationale why telaprevir may impact have a very different effect in that population relative to the (Inaudible). 
Meg Malloy: Okay. Can I have follow-up, can you give us a sense of what percentage of the patients will be non-responders versus relapsers and would you have statistical power to show a difference in both subsets? 
John Alam:  The study is about 60% non-responders and 40% relapser and it's powered to be able to show an overall effect. I would obviously be able to look at trends within the sub-population. Depending on the result within the standard of care on how low it is and we do expect that actually to be very low. We may be able to make some specific interferences within the sub populations, but it's not really the design, because in the actual clinical community, sometimes the specific distinctions are not made. It really is more -- from a patient perspective what matters is whether you achieved an SVR with peginterferon and ribavirin or not.
Meg Malloy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Cowen.
Rachel McMinn: Yes. Thanks very much. A couple of questions, I guess Im a little bit confused on your, I guess the believe that PROVE 3 would be supportive of FDA approval in the treatment-nave setting, is that just because you think you are whistling a safety issue there and that the 48-week trial is really not relevant to supporting approval? And then, just on the manufacturing planning, I wanted to better understand if you are taking into account if there is any way you believe that PROVE 3 to be registration enabling on its own or we should really do manufacturing planning is all towards the 2011 March?
Kurt Graves: Rachel, its Kurt. Let me try and answer both of those questions. As it relates to the FDA registration package, you are actually correct, all thats required for registration is our primary pivotal Phase III study, the three-arm Phase III pivotal trial that we have. The second component that we got clarity on from the FDA is that we will need a safety database of 1100 to 1500 patients. And the third component for that registration package is that we would need to have a second well controlled study as part of the overall NDA package. That second well controlled study doesnt necessarily have to be in the treatment nave populations. So, if PROVE 3 is positive, we assumingly discuss with them is that, that is one potential option to have a registration package based on for that data, but it obviously depends on the data which we havent seen yet.
John Alam: And Rachel to the manufacturing question, unless you strike right at the heart of some of the conflict within managing the financial profile and investing in the opportunity. So, the way that we are looking at PROVE 3 and the potential for early launches. At this point in time, we are investing and looking forward to the potential for an early launch when we get data in the next couple of months that will actually help us understand the opportunity for an early launch. So, as we run the business we are investing. We dont want to be core show off with the opportunity for this what would be a significant upside for ourselves on patients with the drug and treatment fairly population. So, we do invest to maintain that opportunity, but if the data comes soon in the next couple of months, next few months, then we'll be able to tailor our investment based on our expectations and thats exactly how we are managing the business, and I hope that was coming through with some of the prepared remarks that I have.
Rachel McMinn: Okay. And, then just last question for John on PROVE 3? Is there a particular number like a threshold FCR number that we should be thinking about as being in the FDA's list?
John Alam: No, again it's the answer I provided earlier. It comes down to the level of clinical benefit and it's hard to project at this point.
Rachel McMinn: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Alam: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Smith from JP Morgan.
Richard Smith: Yes, good evening. Just go back to PROVE 3 one more time. My understanding is that you just need to show an improvement over the standard of care, one or the other arm irrespective of whether the patients are non-responders or relapsed patient, do they see pulling non-responders and relapse together?
John Alam: Thats correct. That is how the trial is designed and powered.
Richard Smith: Alright. If you get a response, maybe distinguish between non-responders and relapses by just saying based on sort of the real world, it doesnt really matter. So, you could actually not succeed in non-responders, but succeed in relapses, but that doesnt matter as long as the arm rule is a success versus control?
John Alam: Well, I think ultimately how the drug is used clinically which will be defined by the label and their results would be based on what the data show. If there is a result thats specific to relapses then thats how we would expect the drug to be used. But again I think that we are going to be data driven and that there are several categories of treatment failure patients there. Relapses there are non-responders that are not non-responders and there are non-responders that are now responders and then have no response at all. And in the case of interferon and ribavirin they do breakout very specifically, how they breakout in terms of response to telaprevir is something that we are going to be able to define based on the analysis and one of the key objectives of the analysis that we will be conducting in the second quarter.
Richard Smith: That kind of breakout could be something on the label or they just could be something on label?
John Alam: I think the label would always be driven by whatever the results are, but in terms of population sizes the partial responders who respond but dont get all the way undetectable is actually is the largest population within the non-responder population followed by the relapsers, followed by the non-responders which is actually the smallest population of the overall treatment failure population, which again is part of the reason why we are optimistic, because the largest component of the treatment failure population actually does have underlying interferon, ribavirin respond, but its simply not complete. And then given the importance of telaprevir, we would expect a good response in that broader population.
Richard Smith: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: You next question comes from the line Brian Abrahams from Oppenheimer.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just two quick questions one for John and then one for either Ian or Kurt going back to PROVE 1 among the patient in the 12-foot 12-arm, who didnt facility RVR criteria and with convenience failures and rose into the 12 to 36 regimen. Can you give us to what proportion of those patients ended up achieving in SVR. And then for Ian or Kurt can you quantify the component of R&D thats allocated for the commercial supply investment in 2008 and give us a sent how we should be thinking about that going forward? Thanks.
John Alam: On the first question, I actually can't provide you that answer because there is still actually in follow up and the full SVR from the patients who went on to 48 week, the SVR 24 result we wont have, we dont have at this point. 
Brian Abrahams: Are you seen any patients who achieved in SVR 24 or an SVR12 from among that health group at this point?
John Alam: I dont know the answer toe the question because it was in design that way. The analysis as specific interims and that specific interim that youve seen those patients were simply anyone who will continuing on interferon and ribavirin, they were considered a failure. What I can tell you is in the 48-week arm of the patients who achieved an SVR, there were a number of patients who when went onto 48-weeks did not have an RVR. But when they completed 48-weeks, the 5% of that group of the overall treatment actually achieved a SVR-12. And I know the answer because I was part of the analysis plan. So, we do expect because of that in the Phase III trial, because of the design of the Phase III trial where patients who dont achieve an RVR that they go that they will get 48 weeks of treatment. And if they achieve an SVR, they will be included in the analysis. We do expect relative to the PROVE 1 result that we would see for the 12-foot 12-arm, we would see a higher SVR result in Phase III than we saw in PROVE 1.
Ian Smith: Brian to your second question with regarding to commercial supply. We are not providing guidance on that this year. We did last year because it was a new investment and my criteria within our business. We started to invest because of a timeline to market. It is part of the hepatitis C commitment, which is the main components of our developments investment. And we are going to build the commercial supply based on the time line to market.
Brian Abrahams: Okay. Thanks for added information.
Ian Smith: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Russo from Baird.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hello.
Thomas Russo: Hi, thanks for taking the question I was just trying to clarify the meeting with the FDA for the interim results of PROVE 3 and the possible discussion of a 400-patient trial are those - is that the same meeting and the same discussion or those separate meetings?
John Alam: At this point there is no further anticipation discussion around the treatment-nave registration plan. I think Kurt very specifically outlined the discussions and agreements. It is the one Phase 3 trial that we've discussed here that we are going forward with. And an understanding that there is a requirement for a second adequate well-controlled trial and that can be fulfilled in a number of different ways and we made the decision and it is up to us on how we proceed there. The discussion that we do anticipate later in the second quarter would be around treatment-failure registration plans and path forward and that would be based on the PROVE 3 interim analysis that I described earlier.
Thomas Russo: And based on typical enrollment timelines, do you think you could wait to have that meeting before kicking off potential 400-patient trial?
John Alam: We are going forward with that trial, the 400-patient trial in the treatment-nave setting, our plan is to go forward in that trial and actually not hold off and wait for the discussion to really both manage our timeline and we are going forward with that. And we do have a side from fulfilling the requirement for the second adequate well-controlled trial we have a specific other set of reasons to conduct that trials in order to, and the reason it accelerate the move to, the shift in the treatment paradigm to the 24-week regimen which I may ask Kurt to comment on further of how that trial fits into our overall strategy.
Kurt Graves: Thanks John. The point John is making is based on what are our market research and obviously where physicians have treated patients with standard of care for 48 weeks for so long in genotype 1 patients, we feel that the primary data obviously for our labeling is going to be based on the Phase III trial which is solely focused in 24 week durations. But to accelerate adoption of that 24-week regimen we think it will also be important to have data and the information it shows there is no additional risk benefit, advantage of appear 48-week arm versus what we will show and intend to show wit our 24-week arms. And, by having both pieces of that data, we feel that the health clinicians feel comfortable stopping therapy at 24 weeks and everybody is achieving RVR.
Thomas Russo: Okay. Makes sense, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hari Sambasivam from Merrill Lynch.
Hari Sambasivam: Thank you. My question has been answered.
Operator: And, your next question comes from the line of Annabel Samimy from UBS.
Annabel Samimy: Hi, thanks for taking my questions, most of them have been answered. Just really quickly on PROVE 3, can you give us an idea about whether one can expect the same type of dropout rate on as an treatment-naive population given that this is a sicker patient population and maybe more motivated with your options and what has the dropout rate historically been for these treatment-experienced patients?
John Alam: Yes, Annabel. Its a good question, thanks for asking. I was just, as I mentioned on the call, on the clinic just over a week ago and I asked the investigators there to show me up closing personal, a lot of treatment-failure patients. So, actually it was fortunate enough to see a lot of people treated in the HALT-C trial and as you know most of those patients were treated and failed standard of care therapy three or four times. And we are actually so motivated to get a viral cure they enrolled in the HALT-C trial which is still is ongoing treating patients for up to two years on maintenance lower doses of standard of care medicines. My strong takeaway from that investing to the investigators talk about that patient population and what the PROVE 3 results could mean as that if anything is very likely to be less of a tendency in the patients and doctors to discontinue in this treatment setting because these people are really sick; I saw a women on that had failed standard of care three times already had had pulmonary hypertension, was on a ventilator and was basically on her last days because there was really nothing left for her. There is a high motivation on patients and doctors to treat here and I think will see that in the PROVE 3 results.
Annabel Samimy: How about when looking at the study are all of the arms going to be looked at in conjunction with another or are they apart enough to be looked at separately and show strong enough treatment effect?
John Alam: The study is sized for, obviously dependent on the magnitude of the effect but it is sized so that any one arm can show demonstrate superiority and effectively demonstrate efficacy as compared to the standard of care.
Annabel Samimy: Okay great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen we have time for one more question, and that question comes from the line of Lisa Bayko from JMP Securities.
Lisa Bayko: Hi, most of my questions have been answered already but, two quick ones. Can you please describe the type of data and perhaps when we might see data from the cystic fibrosis program? And then secondarily, I just want to clarify that your revenue projections for this year do not include the monetization of the HIV program?
Kurt Graves : While we start with this, the easy one first which is the revenue projections did not include the monetization of our HIV program.
John Alam: So the cystic fibrosis program there are two different compounds with different mechanisms each of which from a clinical and scientific standpoint can have the potential to, as Kurt described, have significant impact on the line, mechanism of disease and biochemistry and ultimately to the disease process, that are now in the clinic. With VX-770, we expect the first data from the two-week cohorts, all within the next several months, it will be end of first quarter, early second quarter and then there is a, based on that we are going forward into a 20-day cohort which will obviously provide both more safety and efficacy results. And the data from that cohort we expect in the second half of the year. And then, VX-809 is just recently gone into the clinic and based on the Phase 1a result we would then proceed to a multiple dosing study and then a proof of concept study.
Lisa Bayko: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John J. Alam  Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer: So that concludes our call for tonight. Thank you very much for listening to our call. If you have additional questions or would like to conduct further follow-up, we will be available in our offices this evening to talk with you. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lynne H. Brum - VP, Strategic Communications Ian F. Smith - CFO and EVP Kurt C. Graves - EVP, Chief Commercial Officer, and Head, Strategic Development John J. Alam - EVP, Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer 
Analysts:  Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs Annabel Samimy - UBS Richard Smith - JP Morgan Securities   
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is Chris and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to the Third Quarter 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  Ms. Brum, you may begin the conference. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon. This is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications, and welcome everyone to the Vertexs third quarter 2007 conference call.  Two themes categorize our progress in the third quarter. First, progress in Phase II development with Telaprevir on HCV. We have three ongoing trials of Telaprevir, which will provide the key information to support late stage Telaprevir development. At AASLD, clinical investigators will present interim efficacy data highlighting sustained virus response rate for shorter duration therapy compared to the current treatment, and second, progress in the pipeline. Today, we announced two new drug candidates, which are progressing towards the clinic by year-end. The first of the second generation HCV protease inhibitor and the second the corrector compound for CF.  These topics will be discussed and expanded upon during todays call by Ian Smith, Kurt Graves, John Alam and Joshua Boger will join us for Q&A.  Before I turn the call over to Ian, I would remind you of the following. Information discussed in this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in detail and our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 10-K.  Also GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available on our third quarter 2007 financial press release, which will be accessed on our web site at www.vrtx.com. Unless otherwise noted, all 2007 expenses and guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation. As always you can visit www.vrtx.com to listen to the conference call, and view a PowerPoint presentation or download a podcast.  Lastly, after our prepared remarks, we will accommodate as many questions as time permits. Once the call concludes, our IR team, joined by John, Kurt, and Ian, will be in office to answer any additional questions you may have.  I will now turn the call over to Ian. 
Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President:  Thank you, Lynne. Financial summaries for the quarter is one of investment to drive our business, specifically investment in Telaprevir and its supporting activities.  During the third quarter, we also repaid our remaining convertible debt. We have maintained a strong cash position with no outstanding convertible debt. In summary, the strong balance sheet with approximately $515 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities.  Now to our income statement. Our third quarter GAAP net loss was $107 million compared to the third quarter 2006 net loss of $52 million. The increased loss was primarily due to an increase in development investments for Telaprevir as well as other areas to support the advancement of our business. The third quarter non-GAAP loss before certain charges such as stock-based compensation and restructuring was $93 million compared to 2006 non-GAAP loss of $48 million. Stock-based compensation and restructuring was $93 million compared to 2006 non-GAAP loss of $48 million.  Total revenues for third quarter were $41 million compared to $53 million for third quarter 2006. The decrease in revenue was interpreted impart to less revenue from research-based collaborative program, other collaborations are now principally focused on supporting our development programs.  Back to R&D. Our total R&D expense was $129 million compared to $96 million in third quarter 2006. This increase was reflects development investments to support the global Phase II clinical program of Telaprevir. We also continue to invest in the Phase II trial VX-770 in patients with cystic fibrosis and the other earlier stage programs.  Our third quarter SG&A expense was $21 million compared to $15 million in the third quarter 2006. This increase reflects cost associated with building infrastructure, including an increase in a number of employees to support the clinical advancement and the commercialization of Telaprevir.  Back to our 2007 financial guidance. We are reiterating our guidance established in February 2007, for our GAAP and non-GAAP loss as well as our expected year-end cash and equivalents position. Additionally, as we look to the fourth quarter of the year, we expect revenue to increase and operating expenses to be consistent with the third quarter of 2007.  I will now turn the call over to Kurt. 
Kurt C. Graves - Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, and Head, Strategic Development:  Thank you Ian and good evening everyone. I would like to discuss three new developments in our pipeline. The first involves our deep commitment to HCV.  As you all know progressing Telaprevir is our top priority. I have now been at Vertex for few months and as we realize the unmet needs in the treatment of HCV, I would like what I see about our position in HCV, our interactions with FDA and thought leaders and the significant market opportunity ahead of us. Our merging date that will be released today at AASLD will reinforce our confidence in the direction of our overall HCV development program. While Telaprevir is setting new standards in the development HCV. We aim to be a top innovator and leader in the field long-term. Because of this, it is the right time for us to be making investments into a second generation HCV protease inhibitor program.  Today we announced that we have selected our second protease inhibitor, the VX 500 for development and expect to enter the clinic by the end of the year. We recognize that the HCV landscape is competitive with many product candidates in development. Telaprevir is leading the field to strength the acquisition as a leader in STAT-C therapies, we will continue to move Telaprevir ahead as a cornerstone to establishing a broad presence in the treatment of HCV. We will also love to build the pipeline of HCV products with significant depths and breadth as the focus of an emerging franchise and enable Vertex to capture and build the Company on this tremendous opportunity. We are convinced this is the best strategy short and long-term for our success  Secondly, we have aligned our investments to reflect our commitment to Cystic Fibrosis, a major focus in our pipeline is in CF. We recently selected a second compound for development, VX-809, representing a new mechanism of action. This is a collector compound and we are excited to now have two compounds going forward, targeting the serious disease. Lastly, tonight as we focus our current development priorities on HCV and CF, we have also evaluated data from our recent studies of VX-702, including data from a safety study to evaluate cardiovascular effects and another one from Phase II, a 130 patient trial evaluating VX-702 on a background of methotrexate for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.  On the basis of these study results, we believe further development of the VX-702 as warranted. We continue to believe there are unmeet needs and commercial opportunities for our p38 inhibitor in inflammatory diseases. However, as we advance our expanded HCV and CF programs and focus our resources, it is now our goal to seek a collaborator who can support the development of the VX-702 going forward.  I will now turn it over to John who will provide a larger clinical update focused on Telaprevir. 
John J. Alam - Executive Vice President, Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  Thanks Kurt. Today I will talk broadly about where we are in development with Telaprevir and up coming milestones for the program. I will also provide a brief update on our pipeline.  Since AASLD begins at the end of this week, we are reserving our detailed Telaprevir discussion for the data presentations and the investor relations that is scheduled in conjunction with the medical conference. We have high confidence in Telaprevir. It is out top priority. At AASLD, which starts this Friday, we will be presenting important data from two compressive trials, involving more that 500 patients. From a Novel drug development perspective, we believe it's the most extensive data to be presented in the HCV arena in several years. First and foremost, it will be the first time that extensive SVR24 and SVR12 data will be presented on HCV protease inhibitor.  Along with the topline data, we have also began to characterize the effect of an initial rapid decline in maximizing on treatment response, minimizing viral breakthrough, and achieving SVR. This is truly a meaningful time for Vertex and advancement of our therapy through HCV and we look forward to speaking with you about Telaprevir data at AASLD.  We told you on our last call that we would begin discussions with FDA in the third quarter. These interactions began in August and at that time we presented the data we had in hand. The discussions are progressing and are today constructive. We continue to submit new data to the FDA as it becomes available to Vertex. More specifically, we have recently provided to the FDA the SVR data that will be discloses at AASLD.  We look forward to continue our interactions based on the new data. In addition to providing data, we plan to discuss a protocol for the next stage of development of Telaprevir. We expect to provide an update on our discussions with the FDA as soon as they are complete. Together with Tibotec, we're planning additional trials to evaluate Telaprevir in certain important HCV subpopulations. In the coming months, we're focused on initiation of our first clinical trial in patients with genotype two or three and initiation of a clinical trial with Telaprevir dosed twice daily in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. The details of the latter trial can now be found on clinicaltrial.gov.  In summary, we believe Telaprevir has the potential to significant advance how we may treat HVC in the future.  Ill now turn the call back to Lynne. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Thank you, John. And Chris we like to now begin the Q&A portion of the conference call.  Question and Answer 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions].  And your first question is from Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks very much for taking my question, and congratulations for bringing VX 500 out of the closest. Im sure other people will ask about that. I just wanted to talk about PROVE 3. You're obviously see data from PROVE 3 here at AASLD, but I think you've been fully enrolled since June or so. Could you give us a sense of when is the last patient will come off treatment in that trial for Telaprevir and when we might see the first efficacy results? How that might be disclosed? And then give us a sense, John, of why you think that Telaprevir could work in this patient population and setting when Schering's drug clearly didn't work? And then, finally, what the threshold for IVR rate required for you to justify some sort of urgent early discussion with the FDA about the data would be? Thanks. 
John J. Alam - Executive Vice President, Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  Thanks Geoff. This is John. PROVE 3 is the Phase II b study of Telaprevir in 440 patients with genotype 1 HCV, who have not achieved SVR with the previous interferon base treatment. Its a very broadly defined group of patients who failed previous treatment with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. The study was fully enrolled in the second quarter with the patients being randomized equally across all four treatment arms and studies being conducted in more than 50 centers in the U.S., the EU, and Canada. We expect all the patients who have completed the Telaprevir duration of treatment which is 12 weeks and one treatment arm and 24 weeks in two of the three Telaprevir treatment arms to complete all Telaprevir dosing near the end of this year and would expect the first read out and critical results from this study in 2008. the study is being monitored by IDMC who are following some of the more individual data, both safety and bio break through data more carefully but in terms of first data that will be available at a high level to us, efficacy data would be some time in 2008.  It is very different study in terms of the patient population then the results that were recently announced with another HCV protease inhibitor in that it is a broadly defined patient population treatment area which would be expected to have a better underlying interfere on ribavirin responsiveness than the very strictly defined I would say almost niche population that was included in the other study population. The study that only included patients who had, had less than a two log reduction in HCV-RNA and that's one of two reasons why we do expect a fundamentally different response, the other reason is that the level of early rapid bio suppression even in the first 24 to 48 hours that we see with Telaprevir is distinctly is unique and as such has a potential we believe to convert some of the even some number of the intrinsically non-responsive interferon ribavirin to change the responsiveness interferon and ribavirin. Obviously, ultimately that result will only be whether that will Phase out or not we will only see it in the data but it is one of the reasons why we have the IDMC to monitor for if it works that there was a profound number of patients who were having no response or break through than they could institute changes as necessary. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  I am sorry, what about what do you think the threshold is for being some of that you didnt gauge in the discussion with the FDA about? 
John J. Alam - Executive Vice President, Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  In terms of responsiveness I think its too early to say right now. Our focus right now with the FDA is obviously in the treatment nave context. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thanks very much. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Thanks, Geoff. Chris, next question please. 
Operator:  Yes your next question is from Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley:  Yes. Thanks, I had a couple of questions. The first one on VX-702? Would you just give us some ground reality around potentially either, what you consider to be adequate data. Is it safety or efficacy at point that you were really looking for here in the methotrexate study and second when might we actually see the full presentation of the data? 
John J. Alam - Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  So thanks Steve, this is John again. On VX-702 in the rheumatoid arthritis study there was a statistically significant effect in terms of ACR20 response rates and in terms of thorough QTc study we believe the growth. Our analysis of the data indicate that in fact at the 10 mg dose level that was evaluated, there is definitely a path forward with the QTc results that we have and they would support further evaluation of that 10 milligram dose. And in particular with the rheumatoid arthritis study results, we would expect to provide more detail at a relevant medical forum. Its too early to say specifically where at this point, we have just recently started analyzing the data and there is a lot of work ahead to fully understand the data in this study and tie it back to the results we had in the prior study. 
Steve Harr- -Morgan Stanley:  And then second. You guys have previously discussed beginning the Phase III trial, for Telaprevir priority year ahead. Is that something thats on the table or just given the time lines with the FDA. Should we think about that as early 2008 or right now? 
John J. Alam  Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  The results that we are going to be presenting in terms of SVR and overall safety and efficacy results that we will be presenting at AASLD. We believe due support, moving Telaprevir in particular with the 12+12 regimen into Phase III, the timing of that and the specific study that is on is absolutely contingent on the dialogue and the process that we are following through with the FDA. At this point again they have recently we have recently provided the most recent SVR data to them and its premature at this point to really say. I cant really go into detail of how that will play out, but we are continuing to be focused as its obviously a very high priority for us to reach an agreement with the FDA and move it forward, and in order to respect the integrity of the process for the FDA, I am not going to comment more specifically at this time on the timing and the specifics of the process. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley:  Great. Thanks. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Thank you, Steve. Chris, may we have the last question please? 
Operator:  Absolutely. Your next question is from Hari Sambasivam with Merrill Lynch 
Hari Sambasivam- -Merrill Lynch:  Hi, yes. Thank you, John. Just a quick question on VX-500. Could you just give us a sense of what aspects of 950 that you are trying to differentiate this particular drug from is it dosing, is it safety efficacy, all of the above, could you provide some detail? 
John J. Alam  Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  Hi, Hari. I am actually going to let Kurt answer that question. 
Hari Sambasivam- -Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. 
Kurt C. Graves - Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, and Head, Strategic Development:  Hari, we are not disclosing too much about the particular profile aspects of the compound right now. We obviously feel Telaprevir we got a great asset with a great profile to start from. And as you might imagine when we are looking at a second generation program our criteria are that we would have to see a compound that has the promise to do even than what we have already achieved with Telaprevir, and there are a few possibilities for sure in the second generation compound when we see it might have the potential to exceed what we have already achieved with Telaprevir. But we don't want to go into specifics at this point in time, and we are excited about the compound. 
Hari Sambasivam- -Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Chris, next question please. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks very much. I guess two questions, one on 702. Could you characterize the kind of partnership you would like to establish? Is this something you would be interested in sort of sharing half the burden of? And secondly, I respect you probably don't what to go into too much of detail as you are still in discussion with the FDA, you just reiterated that you 12 plus 12 is likely efficacy arm, but are there other things outstanding that you think need to be elucidated with the FDA before potentially beginning studies with respect to safety or resistance other populations anything along those lines you could comment on? 
Kurt C. Graves - Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, and Head, Strategic Development:  Sure Ill star up with 702 and maybe John will talk a little bit more about the FDA process. 702, its to really say exactly what type of deal we going to be looking at we will be talking to a number of interested parties that have been in contact with us and that we want to reach out to figure out what the best deal is. But we are looking for someone who can really take on the next phases of development for 702. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs:  So, is royalty kind of collaboration as knocking [ph] cards, the 50-50 kind of share? 
Kurt C. Graves - Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, and Head, Strategic Development:  Well come back to you with the details on that later,. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thanks. 
John J. Alam - Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  And this in John. Hi, Meg. On in terms of where on the specific issues we are discussing with the FDA, I am not going to go into detail. I would just say that in the data, we presented to them earlier in the third quarter that we reviewed all of the available safety data with Telaprevir or all the data the four set of safety data from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 were provided to them, because that was through to the full duration Telaprevir dosing in those studies was through to 12 weeks. So, all of that information was already available to them in the prior discussion. I think the and its really the next meeting and discussion will very much be focused on the additional SVR data that comes out of the completion of the interferon ribavirin dosing in the 24 week arms as well as 12 and 24 week follow up. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thanks. Thats helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Thanks Meg. Next question please. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Annabel Samimy with UBS 
Annabel Samimy - UBS:  Thanks for taking my call. I was just curious to know now you've got some of the discontinuation rates from PROVE 2 and dropouts appear similar to PROVE 1 do you have to rethink you strategy in how to correct some of the side effects profiles an just something that you're contemplating in Phase III drivers from the designs for Phase III? 
John J. Alam - Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  Annabel, this is John. Yes, so, the PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 discontinuation rates being similar. In our mind overall, its actually quite reassuring. Its part of what weve as we've gone from early from almost a year ago in December when we first looked at the first interim analysis from PROVE 1 to today as the findings have remained actually quite consistent with no additional safety findings. And in particular, as we see more in terms of the skin events where it is a very much a typical drug induced rash without which resolves upon discontinuation. As we see more data we have close to 400 patients in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, we are well into dosing as many in 300 plus patients in PROVE 2. I think our safety profile and understanding of it is becoming that much more robust, and again, the fact that theres no new findings is continues to be actually a strong finding. Now having said that, we are as we said we are evaluating potentially alternative treatment regiments in particular potentially looking at durations of Telaprevir that are somewhat shorter than the 12 weeks. We would expect in the next phase of trials for the 12 plus 12 arm to be the base case, to be at the core of that trial. But we may evaluate alternative durations as well, shorted the durations to potentially impact that discontinuous rate, though overall you see the data from the 12 for 12 arm at AASLD, starting later this week and it does support evaluating that Arm in a Phase III study. 
Annabel Samimy - UBS:  All right. Thank you. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Thank you, Anabelle. Chris, we have time for one more question. 
Operator:  Okay. Your final question comes from Richard Smith. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan Securities:  Hello. Good evening. Just a quick question on you mentioned earlier about the timing if you get the green light on a Phase III trial. How quickly can you use the stop at fall off after getting the what you call the fined off by the regulatory body? 
John J. Alam  Executive Vice President Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer:  Hi, Richard. There is no real generic answer to that. It really just comes down to the specifics of the trial, the design and the specific agreements with the FDA. We would obviously be focused on turning around that agreement and starting a study very quickly. We would have all of the operational pieces in place and be able to initiate that as quickly as possible, but that cant give you a one number. It would really depend on the specific circumstances. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan Securities:  All right. Thank you. 
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications:  Thank you, Richard. Thank you everyone who asked a question tonight. I think we took a range of representative questions based on the call we had this evening. A number of us will be with the IR team taking additional follow up questions after the rest of the evening and we look forward to seeing everyone at AASLD next week. Thank you very much. Good night. 
Operator:  And that concludes todays conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Lynne Brum - VP of Strategic Communications   Joshua Boger - President and CEO   Ian Smith - SVP and CFO   Kurt Graves - EVP, CCO and Head of Strategic Development   John Alam - CMO 
Analysts: Geoff Porges - Sanford Bernstein   Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley   Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch   Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs   Annabel Samimy - UBS   Yaron Werber - Citigroup   Richard Smith - JP Morgan   Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company   Brian Abrahams - CIBC   Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Heather, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute. After Vertex's remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Lynne, are you ready to begin? 
Lynne Brum: Yes, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, you may now begin your conference. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Heather. Good afternoon everyone. This is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications. And welcome everyone to Vertex's second quarter 2007 conference call. We made significant progress in the first half of 2007 and met major milestones across our product pipeline. In particular, we generated significant data on telaprevir from our global Phase 2 development program, including safety and efficacy data from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. This data is enabling us to identify regiments and durations suitable for late stage development.  On today's call we will cover second quarter financial results, telaprevir development and pipeline. Topics will be discussed and expanded upon during today's call by Ian Smith, John Alam, Kurt Graves who joined Vertex earlier this month as Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer and Head of Strategic Development, and our CEO Joshua Boger.  Before I turn the call over to Ian, I'll remind you of the following: Information discussed in this conference call includes forward-looking statements which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our second quarter 2007 financial press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.vrtx.com.  Unless otherwise noted, all 2007 expenses and guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation. As always you can visit vrtx.com to listen to the conference call and view a power point presentation or download a podcast. Lastly, after our prepared remarks we will accommodate as many questions as time permits. Once the call concludes, our IR team joined by John, Ian and Kurt will be in the office to answer any additional questions you may have. Ill turn the call over to Ian. 
Ian Smith: Thank you, Lynne. My remarks today will be brief, firstly to the second quarter 2007 financial results. The second quarter non-GAAP loss before certain charges was $95.4 million compared to a 2006 non-GAAP loss of $66 million. The increased loss was due primarily to an increase in development investments of telaprevir, including investments into our commercial supply chain. Our second quarter GAAP net loss was $117.8 million compared to a second quarter 2006 net loss of $78 million.  Total revenues for the second quarter of 2007 were $38 million compared to $30 million in the second quarter in 2006. This increase in revenue was primarily driven by collaborative R&D revenues and more specifically to contribution from our J&J collaboration.  Combining these development-based revenues with continuing HIV product royalties, we expect to continue to receive significant funding that will provide support to our overall R&D investment.  Now to R&Dour total R&D in the expense was $136 million compared to $91 million in the second quarter of 2006. This increase reflects advancement to cost of pipeline, including the investment into the global Phase 2b clinical program of telaprevir, a $19 million investment into the commercial supply chain for telaprevir, the start of the Phase 2 trial of VX-770 patients with cystic fibrosis, and the ongoing Phase 2a study of VX-702 in rheumatoid arthritis.  Our second quarter SG&A expense was $23 million compared to $14 million in the second quarter of 2006. This increase reflects costs associated with building infrastructure that we have undertaken to support a clinical advancement and the commercialization of telaprevir.  Now turning to our balance sheet; we ended the second quarter with approximately $617 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. And we have $42 million of convertible debt remaining, which is due in September 2007.  In closing, we are re-dating our guidance for 2007 GAAP and non-GAAP loss and our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities that we originally provided on our year-end 2006 conference call in February 2001.  In summary, the substantial clinical progress and investments we have made across our pipeline has been supported by maintaining the strong balance sheet and funding from our R&D collaborations.  I will now turn the call over to John. 
John Alam: Thank you, Ian. I will begin today with telaprevir. I'll briefly summarize our recent progress and provide perspective on our goals for the remainder of the year. The start of Phase 3 is our top corporate priority, and I know it's of high interest to many of you.  Year-to-date important pieces of data have emerged that have guided our thinking on the Phase 3 trial design, specifically supporting 24 weeks as viable total treatment duration for study in Phase 3. The most important of these supportive data is the post-treatment analysis we reported today for the 12 plus 12 arm in PROVE 1. This analysis showed a twelve-week post-treatment relapse rate of less than 10% on the patients who completed the 12 weeks of telaprevir-based treatment followed by 12 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin, and were undetectable at the completion of this dosing regimen.  With the current therapy of pegylated interferon and ribavirin administered for 48 weeks, relapse rates of 20% to 30% are typical and have been sighted often in the medical literature. So, as you might expect, with a relapse rate of less than 10% we're very pleased with these data, and this low relapse rate suggests to us that 24 weeks of total therapy with telaprevir regimen is appropriate for further study.  Support for continued evaluation of 24-week treatment duration also comes from the PROVE 1 interim data we reported at EASL in April. These data suggested that it may be possible to clear the HCV virus in some treatment-nave patients successfully with only 12 weeks of telaprevir-based combination therapy, and represented the first evidence that shorter-duration therapy could potentially be achieved in patients for genotype 1 HCV.  Within the PROVE data there was an additional important finding with respect to the slope of viral decline. In PROVE 1, 80% to 90% of patients receiving telaprevir had a rapid viral response to RVR.  Several published Phase of pegylated interferon and ribavirin have demonstrated a strong correlation between rapid viral response and the ability to shorten treatment duration in genotype 1 patients. Taken together these data, and in particular the recent analysis that demonstrates that low relapse rate in the 12 plus 12 arm in PROVE 1, point overall to an evaluation of 24-week total treatment durations with telaprevir treatment regimens in late stage development.  We expect the further data from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 will be presented at the AASLD meeting this year. In addition, certain data from PROVE 1 will be presented at ICAAC in September.  Next, let me tell you where we are focused in the third quarter. We told you that we should begin discussions with the FDA in mid-2007. All available data today was recently submitted to the FDA, including post-treatment SVR data from the 24-week telaprevir-based regimens in PROVE 1 and available 12-week data from PROVE 2. A meeting has been scheduled with the FDA to review these data. In summary, transition to Phase 3 is our top priority and we look forward to updating you further on this exciting program.  Now, to our other development opportunities. While we are currently focusing our research at Vertex on telaprevir, we also have a pipeline of product candidates with opportunities in a number of other serious disease areas.  First, VX-770 is an oral drug we have in development that may address underlying genetic defect and cystic fibrosis due to mutations in the genes and coating the CFTR protein. As planned, in the second quarter we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial of VX-770 in patients with cystic fibrosis.  The Phase 2a clinical trial is a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of VX-770 and is designed to evaluate the safety and pharmacokinetics of VX-770 and how it effects certain biomarkers of CFTR protein function. We are targeting enrollment of 36 patients. We are also advancing VX-702 for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Were conducting a 12-week Phase 2 clinical trial in approximately 120 patients with rheumatoid arthritis in the background of methotrexate.  Enrollment as we complete, and we expect to update it from the Phase 2a study by the end of the third quarter. The results on the Phase 2a trial and the thorough QTc study, which is also underway, will determine whether we initiate a larger Phase 2 trial on the background of methotrexate.  Finally turning to our collaborated programs, our collaborator Merck is targeting the development of Aurora Kinase inhibitors in a broad range of cancers and is currently evaluating a lead candidate MK-0457 or VX-680 in a large Phase 2 trial in treatment-resistant leukemia.  In terms of our collaboration with GSK, under-development and commercialization of novel subtype sodium channel modulator, GSK has recently discontinued the preclinical development of VX-409 for the treatment of pain. In its place GSK selected a backup compound for development.  We look forward to continuing to update you on data coming out of our programs throughout the year.  Ill now hand the call over to Kurt. 
Kurt Graves: Thank you, John, and hello everybody. I am very glad to have the opportunity to be speaking with the investment community on behalf of Vertex. It's only been a little over a week that I have been onsite in Cambridge, but I wanted to tell you a little bit about myselfwhy I joined Vertex, and what I will be working on.  I joined Vertex from Novartis where I reported to the CEO. There I was the Global Head of our General Medicines Business and a Chief Marketing Officer for Pharmaceuticals. I was also a member of the Pharmaceutical Executive Committee and I chaired the Global Operating Committee.  So, why did I join Vertex? Well, it's probably obvious to you. Vertex has a very well-deserved reputation as an innovator in drug discovery and development. I was drawn to the companys demonstrated commitment to great science, its promising pipeline and its real commitment to innovation and transforming lives with new medicines.  The biggest near-term draw for me obviously is telaprevir. Telaprevir is the kind of opportunity that is truly rare in this industry, and I look forward to working with John and the rest of the team to progress telaprevir to Phase 3 with the FDAs input and doing everything necessary to prepare the company, prepare the market, and prepare telaprevir for a successful launch.  In addition to building a best-in-class commercial organization around telaprevir, I will also be heading up Strategy Development and our Business Development functions at Vertex. So, thats a little about me and my role. I look forward to meeting some of you during your next visit to Vertex or at the investor conference this fall.  Joshua, I will now turn it over to you. 
Joshua Boger: Thanks, Kurt and welcome. This has been a quarter of rapid advancement across all aspects of our business. We are facing new opportunities and we are facing new challenges. The transition to a large international Phase 3 trial for telaprevir will be a major step. We are taking a pragmatic approach to advancing our clinical program. To that end, we are focused on straightforward dialog with the FDA as we work to reach agreement to start Phase 3. We are also focused on defining the market opportunity for this compound.  We are maturing as an organization. We gained significant experience conducting telaprevirs global Phase 2 PROVE program. This is as far as we know the most comprehensive Phase 2 program ever run in HCV, involving approximately 100 centers in the United States and Europe. We have enrolled more than 1,000 patients, and parallel we are working to secure a supply chain that spans the globe to ensure a robust launch. And we are growing.  We hired two new pharmaceutical leaders to the executive team. You met Kurt Graves, who you just heard from, and we hired Amit Sachdev, who is our Senior Vice President, Public Policy and Government Affairs. We are on a commercial trajectory and the knowledge and experience they bring to Vertex will be invaluable as the company advances.  In addition, our Board recently promoted Lisa Kelly to Senior Vice President of Human Resources and appointed her to our executive team. Her leadership and impact across the business, including employer relations and recruiting, will be critical as we advance.  We are building the company on telaprevir. We are also an innovator in drug discovery.  We have other molecules in development to provide opportunities for us to build a pharmaceutical company. The rest of our pipeline is progressing as we further reduced risk in the telaprevir development program. So, stay tuned for more of the Vertex story. Its a very busy time for us and I thank you for listening.  Lynne, back to you. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Joshua. Now, we will take questions. Heather? 
Operator: (Operators Instructions). Your first question comes from Geoff Porges. 
Geoff Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking my question, and I appreciate the data here. So, I guess I will ask the obvious question which is whats the denominator? You told us that less than 10% of patients are relapsed. Patients who reach end of treatment are detectable or relapsing. But, can you help us go from a 79 patients in arm C who were actually enrolled through the 11% of patients who dropout in the first 12 weeks.  Give us a sense of how many dropouts in the second 12 weeks, how many withdrawal from protocols? And then what sort of breakthrough rights you are seeing, so we can stop trying to understand what we can work towards these real SVR rates. Thanks. 
John Alam: Thanks Geoff for the question. So, I cant give you the specific numbers, because as we have said from the beginning of the year in terms of specific data from the PROVE trails, because of the state of development, because of where we are and the scope of the studies. The specific data and the numbers we are going to be presenting at various scientific conferences. In particular, we pointed to with PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 that the majority of the data would be presented at AASLD.  The objective of this release was really to bring you up-to-date in terms where we are from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, and weve come to in terms of the overall our assessment of the duration, and where we are headed in terms of product the profile.  I think the low relapsed rate here, which we have sufficient numbers to be confident that we are in that less than 10% range, provides a lot of assurance from our perspective in terms of that and appropriate duration is 24 weeks of treatment.  The second part of the discussion is and which is the first major conclusion from the very low relapsed rate. Again, keep in mind that the relapsed rate after 48 weeks of interferon and ribavirin is 20% to 30%. So, as we kind of set up the expectations internally for these data, we felt that if we were under 20% than 24 weeks would be in appropriate duration. Obviously, getting to less than 10% is that much more supportive of that concept. So thats the first part. That it does support duration.  I think the second part is a, you have to look the sum total of the data the PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, which is where were headed in terms of the product profile from an SVR standpoint. And the basis there comes from what we've already reported, which is a very high rate on-treatment response, an 80% to 90% rapid viral response, getting to undetectable within the first month of treatment and overall discontinuation rate or discontinuation rates for adverse events of around 11%.  A low breakthrough rate its 7% overall, but most of that actually happened in the patients who never got to undetectable. The breakthrough rate after patients become undetectable is in fact very low. It's well under 5% and it's in the range of around 2%. If you take all of that, and when you complete treatment and you are undetectable and you havent broken through that the relapsed rate in those patients is very low, it's under 10%, you can come to why it supports the overall notion of being able to increase SVR rate with a treatment duration of 24 weeks.  Now, what I am not going to do is actually calculate the specific number for you, because it is, we put all the information out there to be able to do that. If people want to walk through this specific calculation we are happy to do that after the call. 
Geoff Porges - Sanford Bernstein: John, I just walked through it now, and so, if add up what you talked about 11% discontinuation rates to AEs. A couple of percent due to breakthroughs after RVR, 7% of the patients who dont get to RVR, and then 5% for everything else protocol violators, treatment withdrawals that get to about 25% who dropout prior to getting to end of treatment. And then I start thinking about the 10% of that number as being the patients who relapse. Is that the right way to think about it? 
John Alam: I think in very rough terms you are absolutely headed it in the right direction. The real conclusion as I think you've come to that the base of case of SVR with a low relapsed rate is we are -- but first of all, again 24 weeks of duration treatment is an appropriate duration. We dont necessarily need to go longer than that, because the patients who aren't relapsing giving more interferon and ribavirin don't really necessary do anything for them. So thats the first conclusion. Again 24-weeks of treatment duration and then beyond that in terms of where we end up with the ultimate SVR rate it clearly is going to be about in Phase III of optimizing management of side effects and managing discontinuation to getting treatment, getting patients to a full duration of treatment. But from a purely anti-viral standpoint, we have a high response rate, low breakthrough rate, low relapse rate, all of which are very consistent with that we can achieve an increase in SVR rates from where we are today. 
Geoff Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks, I will get back in the line. 
John Alam: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Just very quickly, is it fair to assume that since there is also telaprevir which is used between week 12 and 24. A toxicity or drop out rates couple what you have seen -- what we've seen from peg ribavirin in the past? 
Joshua Boger: Yes, I think, a rough number of with interferon and ribavirin is 3% to 5% discontinuation for every three months on treatment and that's been relatively consistent. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: And I just kind of, I dont want to the turn foresee give guidance for '08 but just given where the company's balance sheet, which is a little less than two year's cash if you use this year's burn rate. Do you expect next year to be in a comparable burn rate or up or down from that level? 
John Alam: It's very difficult to give guidance right now for 2008. Steve as you may expect we need to see where the problems are. But I think to give you a sense of; I think the question you are really asking is how do we finance the company with sort of significant investment? And the way that I would answer that is that right now we are very strong with $617 million of cash to invest in the program. We will need more capital before we launch this drug. But our capital will be directed towards building inventory, building commercial infrastructure and launching the drug. If thats the need for capital thats when we will go out and acquire that capital and that's how we will finance the company. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: So basically just so, I was just trying to understand, you think you really need more capital prior to beginning a Phase 3 trial? 
John Alam: I dont want to go out and raise the capital before we actually need it. And the need is about launching this drug, building inventory and building commercial infrastructure. I think Phase 3 is a good marker for saying we're well on the way to in that course. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hari Sambasivam 
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Hi yes thank you. Two questions John I am just wondering could you give us a bit of sense post EASL have you thought about how you might manage the drop outs whether if they are related to like GI issues or other issues. Is there a program that you have thought about that might actually help you, reduce the number of drop-outs; that is first issue. Second question I have is in your discussions with the FDA are you talking about non-respondent populations as well or are you going to be primarily talking about the nave population. And if you are not talking about the non-responders, I am just wondering at what stage do you bring up that discussion with the FDA in terms of registration? 
John Alam: So I will answer the second question first. This first meeting this quarter will be a exquisite discussion where will be reviewing the data out of PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 which are obviously both studies in treatment nave patients. And so where we and so there will be no data out of PROVE 3, which is the treatment failure, study in that discussion. Where we ultimately slot in the non-responder discussion is going to be based on that first discussion and where we otherwise go with the telaprevir development program.  In terms of management of discontinuations, we have what we've learned from the data to at this point are where we're seeing the side effects are in terms of increased overall the nature and the adverse events of side effects that we are seeing or what's consistent with a known about interferon and ribavirin. Where we see a higher incident is in terms of skin events, GI events and some increase in the incidents of anemia.  It's the skin events and the anemia are the once that are driving the higher levels of discontinuation in telaprevir containing arms. I think we have actually understood much better where we are. With those we have a rash management plan that we had instituted in our current trials, which we are going to continue to modify as we head towards Phase 3. We do also have an anemia management plan, which is built of what's known with ribavirin and interferon. With a higher level of perspective do keep in mind that our discontinuation rate for adverse events was 11% over 12 weeks. It's about -- after 12 weeks of treatment if you take in all this continuation the overall discontinuation rate is as about 5% higher that still the majority of patients do complete the great majority, it is not in many instances its primarily its a trade off, it's a tolerability question. And as we come in to it's a benefit risk. If with the data that we are going to be having out of PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. I think our biggest leverage point in Phase 3 is going to be the bill you'll be able to say to the investigators and to the patients that if you do complete the regimen then there is a potential for benefit and that gives a motivation to stay on and complete the treatment that we didn't have in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. 
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Hari. The next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Meg Malloy. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thank you much. I've got two quick ones one is I realize you are about to have your meeting with the FDA, but as you know given over that that have you on track to start in the fourth quarter of this year. And then secondly in terms of the ribavirin arm planning. Are you planning to discuss potentially in addition to standard of care plus shorter duration treatment with ribavirin? 
Joshua Boger: So in terms of the our target and objective continues to be to initiate Phase 3 before the end of the fourth quarter, exactly the time line and how we get there and the specifics of the process I can't talk to at this point it's really the first day meeting with the FDA will be to review the data that we have generated from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 to this point and then we'll take it from there. And you have to clarify the second question I didn't quiet get the question Meg? 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: I am sorry, I was wondering if you would consider at least one arm of the study that would in gender shorter duration of treatment with ribavirin as one means to ameliorate the side-effect issues? 
Joshua Boger: No, we are not in a position to really modify the dosing of ribavirin and interferon. So we would not contemplate that. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks Meg. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Annabel Samimy 
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Hi, really quick question. I know you didnt answer the number of patients that were included in that replace rate calculation. But would you be able to give us some color on, how many of those patients who were undetectable had discontinued. They were undetectable and remained undetectable through that period of study. And did you get a sense of to what extent RVR is correlated to those patients who are undetectable and if you can get those details here will we be able to see some of the set tick act? 
Joshua Boger: So in terms of the number the relapse rate that we are providing is in the patients who complete the 24-week regimen, the 12 plus 12 regimens and were undetectable at the end of that period. So, its a different comment I mean youll learn more about the outcome in the patients who were early discontinuation at the upcoming scientific meetings. So as you know, that given the presentation at the EASL, patients can achieve SVR with 12-weeks of treatment, because that was the result that was presented at EASL. And in fact John McHutchison had mentioned in that setting that there were patients who had discontinued even prior to 12-weeks, some of who had achieved an SVR.  But its clearly whether or not you get through an SVR and relapse or not is dependent on the duration. When we went from 12 weeks where three out of nine or about a third relapsed, we extend the duration after 24 weeks, we do bring the relapsed rate down to less than 10%, which is the data that weve been talking about.  In terms of the second question, I think you will get a full set of results at the various meetings. There will be certain data presented out of PROVE 1 at ICAAC, but I can't speak today as to what specifically would be presented at ICAAC versus at AASLD. 
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Thanks. Also just a quick question on VX-680, will Merck be having any data at ASH this year? 
John Alam: Its too early to comment on that. 
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. Thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Annabel. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Werber. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Yeah, hi. I wanted to follow up John just one several of the previous question. So, just to make sure we understand it. To recap at the end of 12 weeks of the triple therapy, 70% of patients were undetectable. And than you're expecting roughly 3% to 5% discontinuation rate just background on peginterferon and ribavirin, plus whatever are the dropouts, the protocol terminations there might be.  Do you have any historical data you can share with us as what happened between 12 and 24 weeks under standard of care in term of end the treatment? I mean if you start 70% I would presume thats going to go lower over the next 12 weeks. Can you share with us what the background is?  And then the other side of that is of the patients who actually discontinued therapy between 4 and 12 weeks. What would you expect, how many of those might achieve SVR, even though they're discontinued early. May be based on the Phase 1b data that you've had. I dont if you're comfortable with that. 
John Alam: No. The second question, I am definitely not comfortable going into that. I think again, and in terms of the first question I will just come back to again. We put out all of information of where we headed in terms of the data and in terms of I think ultimately the product profile. I am happy to walk through some of the more detailed, specific questions one-on-one, because it will just be easier to do.  In terms of your first question we provided that. I mean I talked to that earlier. I mean it pretty well know that the discontinuation rate for every quarter, for every three months of treatment with interferon and ribavirin is between 3% to 5%. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: And just for astonishment, is there a certain SVR rate in which you would not be willing to go on an IIT basis, in which you are not going to be comfortable moving to Phase 3? Is there some kind of a magic low number that you want to see, irrespective of discontinuation rate or the relapse rate? 
John Alam: No, our decision, again as I said the criteria that we had set up in terms of looking at whether or not a 24-week treatment duration was appropriate to take into Phase 3, which is all the question about duration of treatment. Whats appropriate duration was based on looking at what we know about relapse rates with interferon and ribavirin, which is 20% to 30% after 48 weeks of treatment, which made it that 48 weeks of treatment was considered an appropriate duration for interferon and ribavirin that if we were lower than 20% that 24 weeks was going to be an appropriate duration. And that was obviously would be a good result. I think being under 10%, we are obviously very pleased with that result, because I think its a very strong support that 24 weeks treatment duration would be sufficient.  I think in terms of the question of -- and at this point otherwise where we stand is we are taking all this data, and it is again, its all the data, its the safety data that we have to this point, the high rate of RVR, the low breakthrough rate and now the very low relapse rate we put all of that information together, we are going to reviewing that with the FDA in a meeting and then based on that moving forward. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: And final question and you are comfortable that you are going to mandate or you institute a few protocol changes in the Phase 3 relative to what you have done in Phase 2. And you are comfortable that FDA is going to back you up on that without asking for another sort of abridging Phase 2 study? 
John Alam: I think at this point your assumptions on the Phase III study design should be that there will be a control arm, 48 weeks of interferon and ribavirin and a arm of 12 plus 12. And than beyond that which we have, obviously we have a full set of data support and than beyond that thats what the discussion with the FDA in terms of the design will be. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Great, thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Yaron. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Smith. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Yes good evening. Could you provide a little more detail on the twice daily dosings that you plan to do and when you expect to complete those please? 
John Alam: We are anticipating starting a twice daily dosing study within the second half of this year. We continue to be on track for that. Its a simple design rather than the two tablets every eight hours that we have in the current regiments. And that will be the core regiment that will take into Phase 3. This study will be looking at three tablets twice a day compared to the two tablets every eight hours, in particular looking at antiviral response rates and breakthrough rates over 12 and 24 weeks of treatment.  It is a first study. We are very comfortable as we have said with the treatment regiment that we have today, going out in particular in the 12 plus 12 regiment. We have data now, obviously, with that regiment in large study that we can achieve high response rates and low break through rates. So, again we are very comfortable with that regiment. This additional study really its an exploratory study to see whether we can further improve on that. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: And just remind me. You are going with TID in the Phase 3 rather than the BID regiment? 
John Alam: Yes. Our plan would be to go absolutely with a every eight hour regiment in to Phase 3. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: And when do you expect to get data given that 12, 24 weeks trail? 
John Alam: Next year. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Okay. Okay, thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Richard. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Liang. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Thanks very much. John you've been talking about the relapse rates at the end of 12 weeks a post treatment follow-up. Do we know that, that is right measure? I guess the greater question is do we know for this drug SVR 12 is very similar to SVR 24? 
John Alam: We have a tremendous amount of data. The kinetics of relapse rate fundamentally shouldnt be different than, because we are, remember that the tail-end to this therapy and the second half is all interferon and ribavirin. There is really no reason why the kinetics of relapse should be any different after regiment than with traditional interferon and ribavirin.  If anything, when you bring the duration of dosing down from 48 down to 24 weeks of interferon and ribavirin, your relapses occur even earlier. And what do know is that close 95% of the relapses that occur by 12 weeks of follow-up. So, we are pretty confident that these data will hold up. Well, obviously that pending. We are obviously following these patients and we will in short have the 24 week follow up as well.  The data we do have to this point is in the 12 week arm out of PROVE 1, the patients that you saw had an SVR 20, and theyve obviously been followed out to 24 weeks at this point. And all six of the patients who had an SVR, originally 12 have an SVR 24, and all the relapse, the three relapses that occurred, occurred prior to 12 week. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Great, thanks. So, also the prescription for this relapsed rate is for patients who have completed 24 weeks of therapy and who at the end of the treatment. I assume these all also patients who had RVR? 
John Alam: All most all. Not all. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Not all. But I thought only if they had RVR they could stop treatment. 
John Alam: There were some. There were a small of number of patients who chose to stop at 24 week. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Okay. Great, and there are we, for a consolidated data. Is it possible from on time line perspective to see data from the PROVE 2 study the 12 plus 12 arm? 
John Alam: If you step away from the specific scientific conferences where what we had said is that SVR 12 data from the 12 week arms from PROVE 2 we would have within that early in the third quarter. And at that point we would obviously have the 24 week end of treatment results from the 12 plus 12 arm in PROVE 2 and then the SVR 12 data would come 12 weeks after that. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Okay so its close. 
John Alam: Thats not right. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Okay. 
John Alam: Well, so it's a long way of saying I dont know whether it will be presented at ASLB or not. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Okay, can I just a quick question on the VX-667. I think the second generation or kinase inhibitor. Can you talk about a formulation used in the Phase 1 trial? 
John Alam: No, we and Merck have not disclosed specifically how that compound is being administered. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann and Company: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Howard. Our next question? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Abrahams. 
Brian Abrahams - CIBC: Hi, guys thanks for taking my question. There has been a lot of variability among recent studies both of direct antiviral in third generation and interferon. How well interferon behaves both in the short term and with a little treatment to (inaudible) study recently. They show us I think about a 60% rate of undetectable rate of week 12 whereas you guys have seen 40% every 12 improved studies. So I am just wondering, how do you synthesize all this data, in terms of shaping your expectations for the efficacy of the control arm in the Phase 3. And can you give us some sense of what those expectations might be? Thanks. 
John Alam: I cant actually; Im not going to speak to any of the other specific results. The control group in this study to this point has actually I think been very consistent with what you would expect for genotype-1 HCV population in particular in a US patient population. There is no, I can't talk to any specific other study. In our study its been very, very consistent and we have clearly shown, whether its at week four or at week 12 the RVR rates and the week 12 results are very much in line with the various registration trials and other trials with Pegasus in particular and Pegasus in [Cope] I guess that have been reported. So I think we are very comfortable with what we are seeing and the patient population that we have enrolled in to PROVE 1 and in fact in the PROVE 2.  In terms of the Phase 3 trials our expectations of SVR rate ultimately there is between 40% and 50%. If you have a balanced patient population between the US and Europe what tends to happen is that if you have a majority of patients at the US, the response is going to be at the lower end of that. If the majority of the patients are from Europe the response rate is in the higher and range of the 40% to 50%  But I think we can, we have all the information its all available to plan the Phase study appropriately 
Brian Abrahams - CIBC: If you remind us what's on the taxable rates you might expect after 24 weeks of standard care alone in this population? 
John Alam: Around 60%. 
Brian Abrahams - CIBC: Right, thanks. 
John Alam: The whole trick there I mean the whole comment with interferon and ribavirin is that you can get patient to undetectable in the blood, but you can't get them to an SVR unless you go out 48 weeks of treatment. Even with that of the patient who are undetectable at the end of 48 weeks of treatment 20% to 30% are still relapsing. 
Brian Abrahams - CIBC: Makes sense, thanks. 
John Alam: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rachel McMinn. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Thanks very much. I wanted to ask a couple of questions on PROVE 3. How are you thinking about the non- ribavirin arm for PROVE 3 to skip in the recent findings in PROVE 2? And I was wondering if you could just talk about the criteria for patient continuing on in the PROVE 3 trial? 
John Alam: So the PROVE 3 trial has three telaprevir containing arms, two of which do contain telaprevir, interferon and ribavirin and yes there is one arm that has 24-weeks of telaprevir and interferon without ribavirin. There were as we look at the PROVE 2 data. Yes in terms of treatment-nave it clearly supports having ribavirin in the treatment nave population. At the same time the level of antiviral response in the no ribavirin arm was still significantly higher than the level of response in the standard of care arm. I think there is clear potential for that arm. Some of the specific side effects that we have seen at a higher incidence with teleprevir and interferon and ribavirin. Our comparison of care are lowered in incidence in without ribavirin and the discontinuation rate was lower so there may be certain contacts where the no ribavirin arm, their overall benefit risk ratio may still support that no ribavirin arm.  And I think the treatment failure context where the benefit risk ratio may ultimately be very different then in a treatment nave population still warrants the studying of that arm. Then PROVE 3 as PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 there are specific [dialogic] failure stopping rules that have been built in to protect the patients from the development of higher levels of resistance at the point that they have clearly shown an inability to either become undetectable or remain undetectable. So there are specific viral stopping rules in that study both for the controlled arm and the telaprevir containing arms that are specific to PROVE 3, and I can't comment on the specifics of that. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and one last question PROVE 2. Can you say how early in treatment the absence of ribavirin the non-ribavirin arm when you compare that to the ribavirin arm? At what point did that certain materially impact into antiviral outcomes with it relatively early or really latter in the 12-week regimen? 
John Alam: Let's talk about that after the data are presented it would be much easier to do. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay, alright thanks. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you Rachel and thank you everyone for joining us tonight in the Vertex second quarter conference call. I am going to end the call now and invite everyone who has further follow up questions to please contact us back at the office. Thanks a lot tonight for joining us tonight 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynne Brum - Vice President of Strategic Communications   Ian Smith - SVP and CFO   John Alam - Chief Medical Officer   Joshua Boger - President and CEO 
Analysts: Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein   Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley   Brian Abrahams - CIBC   Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company   Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray   Richard Smith - JP Morgan   Jason Zhang - Prudential   Annabel Samimy - UBS   Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs   Yaron Werber - Citigroup   Howard Liang - Leerink Swann   John Watkins - BOA Securities 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Anthony, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.  Miss Brum, you may begin your conference. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Anthony. Good Afternoon. This is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications. And welcome everyone to Vertex first quarter 2007 conference call. 2007 is important year for Vertex. It's a year, where we are building Vertex on telaprevir. In the first quarter, we advanced to telaprevir global clinical development program. In particular, we made progress towards realizing our vision for telaprevir of eradicating HCV in most patients with shorter treatment duration.  As we moved forward in HCV, we are building Vertex into a pharmaceutical company with the potential to bring forward new drugs, targeting areas of unmet medical needs.  On today's call we'll cover, first quarter financial results, telaprevir developments and our pipelines. These topics will be discussed and expanded upon during today's call by Ian Smith, John Alam, and our CEO, Joshua Boger.  Before I turn the call over to Ian, I'll remind you of the following. Information discussed in this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 10-K.  GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our first quarter 2007 press release, which can be accessed on our website, at www.vrtx.com. Unless otherwise noted, all 2007 expenses and guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation.  As always, you can visit vrtx.com to listen to the conference call, and view a PowerPoint presentation, or download a podcast.  Lastly, after our prepared remarks, we'll accommodate as many questions as time permits. Once the call concludes, our IR team joined by John and Ian will be in the office to answer any additional questions.  I'll turn the call over to Ian. 
Ian Smith: Thank you, Lynne. Our remarks today will be brief and we will focus on two areas, the first quarter results and our financial strengths to support late stage development of telaprevir. We continued to execute on the key financial themes within our business, specifically long, made a significant increase in revenue from our R&D collaborations, which provides support to our R&D investments. And two, we improved our balance sheet through the conversion of debt-to-equity. We are maintaining long-term financial strength, which supports our investments due to the R&D opportunity.  That's the first quarter 2007 financial results. The first quarter non-GAAP loss before certain charges was $53 million compared to the first quarter 2006 non-GAAP loss before charges and gains of $42 million. The increased loss was due in large part to an increase in development investments for telaprevir, including investment into our commercial supply chain.  Our first quarter GAAP net loss was $81 million compared to first quarter 2006 net loss of $50 million. Total revenues for the first quarter of 2007 were $69 million compared to $39 million for the first quarter 2006. This significant increase was primarily driven by collaborative R&D revenues and more specifically, the contribution from our J&J collaboration.  Now for the R&D investment; our total R&D expense was a $133 million compared to $75 million in the first quarter of 2006. This increase reflects the advancement of telaprevir and a $32 million investment into commercial supply for telaprevir. Our investment into drug discovery remained relatively consistent to the prior year.  Our first quarter SG&A expense was $70 million compared to $30 million in the first quarter of 2006. This increase was a result of infrastructure build to support our business and the initial commercial steps we have take to support telaprevir.  Other income, net, was $8 million compared to the first quarter 2006 of $2 million. Increased cash balances and the reduction in debt service cost added to our investment return.  Now turning to the balance sheet; we ended the first quarter with approximately $690 million in cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities. And we have $42 million of convertible debt remaining which is due in September 2007.  Now to guidance; we are reiterating our guidance for our 2007 GAAP and non-GAAP loss and our cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities that we originally provided on our year-end 2006 conference call on February 1st. Throughout the year we will be focused on building the company on telaprevir.  We are prioritizing our investments in late-stage development, commercial supply of telaprevir and building Vertex's commercial organization. We'll continue to focus on maintaining strong financial profile enabling us to pursue these objectives.  I will now turn the call over to John. 
John Alam: Thank you, Ian. I would like to begin today by reviewing some of the key telaprevir results presented at EASL earlier this month. In light of the fact that we have discussed these data at several recent events, I will be brief in my remarks, and will focus my discussion on how these data would form the future development of telaprevir.  On April 14th we presented the interim data from the PROVE 1 clinical trial in a late breakup presentation at EASL. These data had significant implications in guiding our understanding of the opportunities for and the development strategy for telaprevir. A total of 250 patients were enrolled in PROVE 1 with 175 patients enrolled in the telaprevir arm and 75 in the control arm. At the time of the interim analysis, all patients had reached at least the 12-week time point on the study.  The interim antiviral data from PROVE 1 indicated a high rate of rapid viral response to RVR in the telaprevir group, a low rate of on-treatment viral breakthrough and suggested that 12 weeks of telaprevir-based therapy enabled some patients to clear the virus completely.  The key conclusions out of interim analysis in our take-aways are planning and executing late stage development and are as follows: One, it is possible to treat some treatment-naive, genotype-1 HCV patient successfully with 12 weeks of telaprevir-based combination therapy.  Two, clinically meaningful improved SVR rates may be achieved with the 24 week treatment regimen.  And three, we will focus on improve management of side effects to increase the number of patients who successfully complete therapy.  We are looking forward to safety and antiviral data, including additional SVR data on the 12 and 24 weeks telaprevir-based regimens in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 to allow us to design optimized treatment regimens and durations for Phase 3 development of telaprevir.  We expect to meet with regulatory authorities in mid-2007 and plan to initiate Phase 3 clinical development in the fourth quarter of 2007. We expect to report further data at upcoming major medical meetings.  In summary, we are on track to initiate Phase 3 development in the fourth quarter and have increased confidence in our strategy to evaluate telaprevir with short treatment duration of 24 weeks or less.  In addition to the data presentation at EASL, we have continued to advance the global Phase 2b development program for a telaprevir in the first quarter.  In January, we initiated PROVE 3 a four-arm placebo-controlled trial designed to enroll 440 genotype-1 HCV infected patients who have not achieved a sustained viral response with a previous pegylated interferon and ribavirin treatment.  This was an important advancement in that PROVE 3 is the first trial of telaprevir combination therapy for patients who have failed to clear virus with prior treatments with an interferon.  It's also the first trial that would dose telaprevir through 24 weeks. More than half the patients are currently enrolled in PROVE 3 and we are on track to complete enrollment within the second quarter  In summary, the development of the product profile for telaprevir, continues on track and at a rapid pace.  Now, to our other developing opportunities; first, I'll update you on VX-770, an oral drug we have in development that may address the underlying genetic defect in cystic fibrosis. We are on track to initiate in the second quarter, the Phase 2 clinical trial of VX-770 in patients with cystic fibrosis. We expect that the Phase 2 randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study of VX-770, will evaluate the safety pharmacokinetics and biomarkers of CFTR activity in approximately 35 patients.  We are also advancing VX-702, a lead oral p38 MAP kinase inhibitor targeting rheumatoid arthritis. Within the first quarter, we completed enrollment in a 12-week, 120 patients Phase 2a clinical trial being conducted in patients with RA, on a background of methotrexate.  We expect to have data from the Phase 2a study in the third quarter and depending on the results on the Phase 2a trial and Thorough QTc study which is also underway, we may advance to a larger Phase 2b study of VX-702 on a background of methotrexate.  Now, to our Aurora kinase program; our collaborator Merck is developing the most advanced Aurora Kinase inhibitor MK-0457 or VX-680 in a broad range of cancers. This drug candidate is currently being evaluated in a potentially pivotal trial in treatment resistant leukemia's. Currently, nine US and international centers are enrolling patients in this clinical trial.  In 2005, Merck selected MK-6592 or VX-667, a second drug candidate for the inhibition of Aurora Kinases, which emerge from a joint research effort between Vertex and Merck. MK-6592 is in Phase 1 clinical development for advanced solid tumor. Merck has now selected from a joint research collaboration, a third Aurora kinase inhibitor, VX-689 for development. We received a $9 million milestone in the first quarter in connection with this drug candidate selection.  We look forward to continuing to update you on data coming out of our programs throughout the year. I'll now turn the call over to Joshua. 
Joshua Boger: Thank you, John. Already this year, we've moved decisively closer to defining a product profile for telaprevir. The global Phase 2b PROVE program is doing what it was designed to do. Specifically, we are collecting data that allows us to evaluate telaprevirs potential to enhance SVR rates with a short treatment duration, with a dosing combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin or with pegylated interferon alone.  Program is data driven, what we are learning from this comprehensive development program is something has designed a Phase 3 plan for telaprevir that will maximize and potentially change the HCV treatment landscape.  Bringing a major drug to the market is no easy task. It takes time, money and an eye for developing innovative processes and the most important part, the human talent to move our efforts forward. We are readying the company for this progression, and in some way, it involves every person at Vertex.  We hope that at the end of day, telaprevir could have a major positive impact to the life of HCV patients and on Vertex as well. That's the reason we are in this business. I look forward to keeping you update on Vertex and telaprevir as I move forward.  Lynne, back to you. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Joshua and Anthony would like to start the Q&A portion of this call. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. (Operator Instructions)  Our first question comes from Geoffrey Porges from Sanford Bernstein. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking a question. Just a couple. First on the telaprevir program Joshua or John, could you give us a sense of how many patients are actually on telaprevir today in the Phase 2 program? And, when the treatment you estimated likely to end, meaning when the patients were all rotated off telaprevir? And may be you can just say, how many have already been treated and exposed to the drug in that program that were all clear.  And then, just on VX-770, could you give us a little bit more sense of that the Phase 2 program that you envisaged, particularly when you are saying that you will have an answer in terms of the activity, and how much we can infer into that answer about the true clinical utility given that you just talked about this sort of biochemical end points? And then perhaps a little bit more about the size of the population out of the total CF population, how big is the actual population you're targeting? Thanks. 
John Alam: Thanks Geoff, this is John. On the Phase 2b program, as you know, in PROVE 1 there were a 175 patients who were on telaprevir, who received telaprevir at least one dose of telaprevir, and all those patients have completed their telaprevir dosing.  In PROVE 2, there were 240 patients who were to be enrolled into that 32 received telaprevir, 320 altogether, 80 in control, 214 on telaprevir controlling arm. At this point, all patients have completed their telaprevir dosing in that study and are either on pegylated interferon and ribavirin or on further follow-up.  And then, as I provided an update in PROVE 3, we are more than half the patients are now enrolled into that study. And the randomization of four treatment arms, one control and three of whom, and then three study arms with telaprevir in it. So, all told by the time PROVE 3 is enrolled, more than a 1,000 patients who have been enrolled into those studies of which approximately 750 will have received telaprevir.  And then on VX-770, this first study is a proof of principal study, really looking to determine whether we can modulate CFTR activity with VX-770. And we will be looking to get the first readout from that study near at the end of the year.  In terms of clinical utility, I think, it's hard to say we are going to be looking at some clinical markets there as well, so the real goal here is to look at CFTR activity where we do expect that there is a close tie in between CFTR activity and clinical outcome. But what's uncertain is the timing if you are able to modulate CFTR in a particular patient population when that improvement would translate in terms of timing is that days, week, months of treatment that would translate toward actual clinical benefit and I think there is no way to predict that at this point.  In terms of the size of population, it really depends on the underlying; again, there are a number of uncertainties there, which I think we can talk to after. We actually have the biomarker results to be able to talk to that. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much. That's helpful. 
Lynne Brum: Next question? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr from Morgan Stanley. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Ian after last quarter, I think there were a lot of discussions about the company's burn-rate and without trying to box you in on longer-term guidance beyond '07, obviously, making a lot of one-time investments in upgrading the manufacturing capabilities for '09, telaprevir. Can you give us just some thoughts on the trends, you should be expecting on your burn-rate as you go into '08 and '09? 
Ian Smith: Hello Steve, how are you doing? As you know, it's difficult to give you guidance beyond 2007, just given out of certain restrictions of providing financial guidance. Just to clarify one point there on the manufacturing. Our manufacturing investment is into product and validation of process. We are not actually investing into manufacturing capabilities for the company. It really is a virtual manufacturing chain. So, we are investing into commercial product supply. As we look into the future years, we do anticipate greater investments into the business but that will principally be driven by the need to continue to invest in commercial supply, while running our core business of R&D. Beyond that, I cannot give you further guidance in terms of level of burn that we will have. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: [C&P] are comparably the same, this is a one year anomaly $10 million or $15 million or this is a patent that we expect to continue for a couple of a years around this range. Is that getting too specific for you? 
Ian Smith: Yes, it is too specific. But consistent with what we talked about at the beginning of the year. We are actually operating our business to the level its being consistent with our prior year burn-rate and that is a level that's been similar to a $200 million investment. The incremental investment that takes you to the guidance that we've provided for this year, there is an additional $130 million into the commercial supply. We are going to continue to operate our business in that manner, as we move forward. And I think one of the biggest variabilities in our business is the rate of investment into commercial supply 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Great, that's helpful. I appreciate that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Abrahams from CIBC. 
Brian Abrahams - CIBC: Hi, guys thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the progress this quarter. Based on what you are seeing from the ongoing Phase 2b program, I was just wondering if you had any changes to your thoughts about filing an NDA at the end of next year based on efficacy data from the Phase 2b programs or if you thought that there might be any efficacy data from certain norms of the pivotal program that might be necessary for filing? 
John Alam: Brian, this is John. We are, as I stated in my comments, we are on track and expect to begin Phase 3 development of telaprevir in the fourth quarter. The current focus of the Phase 3 program is the use of what we called the 12 plus 12 regimen which is 12 weeks of telaprevir pegylated interferon and ribavirin followed by 12 weeks of Pegylated Interferon and Ribavirin.  Now this is to be confirmed with additional data from PROVE 1 and PROVE, 2 but that data along with discussions we expect to initiate with the FDA in the middle part of this year will determine the specifics of the regulatory path and the timeline for a telaprevir NDA. Otherwise in today's call, we are not going to comment and more specifically on the NDA strategy and timing. 
Brian Abrahams - CIBC: Okay. That's fair, and just real quick if I can have a quick follow-up. What are your thoughts in terms of what the control arm might look like for the pivotal study or for the purposes of NDA filing, I should say, would you potentially compare the SVR 24 rates from the 12 plus 12 arm in the Phase 3 to say the SVR 24 data that you are able to get from the PROVE 1, 2 and 3 program, or might you compare that to maybe end of treatment response at 48-weeks in the phase 3 study? 
John Alam: We do expect to have a control arm with pegylated interferon and ribavirin for 48 weeks in the Phase 3 study. But the specific patent study design including what types of comparisons we would make as for the primary endpoint and specifically for NDAs filing, we'll talk to you about that after we have had more specific discussions with the regulatory authorities, which again, we are expecting to initiate in the middle part of this year. 
Brian Abrahams - CIBC: Fair enough, and thanks a lot. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you Brian. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. 
Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. John, first to you. Could you tell us more specifically what data you hope to have on hand when you schedule the FDA meeting?  Do you think that you have enough data on hand now or will you wait until you have the 12 plus12 data, the SVR rates from the12 plus 12 arm in PROVE 1? 
John Alam: Thanks for that question Phil. We'll -- the key, two additional pieces of data that we are that we expect to submit to the FDA will be the interim data from PROVE 2, which will be 12 week end of telaprevir dosing data, both safety and anti-viral data, and along with that, and in addition the SVR 12 data from the 12 plus12 arm in PROVE 1. 
Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company: Okay. And after this FDA meeting, what will you disclose to investors, will you disclose the details of the Phase 3 or will you simply say at that time that the results of the meeting are consistent with prior guidance, that you are going to start the Phase 3 around Q4? 
John Alam: I'm going to let talk Ian about this -- there is some more in terms of disclosure, but in terms of the discussion with the FDA, I do want to be specific, this type of discussion with the FDA is not a one-time event and it will be an ongoing dialog which as said, we do expect to initiate in the mid-part of 2007. And there is a flow of data that's obviously going to support that broadly. My initial comment was really for the initial discussions with the FDA that's the data we would expect to have. And then, in terms of disclosure of what we might talk through along the way, I'll let Ian comment on that. 
Ian Smith: Hi Phil. As you probably know, this has been a common question throughout 2007. So, we appreciate the opportunity to reinforce where we are as a company. But we are at a very different stage of the company and as we go into these late-stage studies.  Coming out of these, so we believe we provided the key message to how we think this drug can be developed and hopefully ultimately approved, which is to be commenced at Phase 3 program before the end of this year being treatment duration that is no longer than 24 months with a primary strategy of 12 plus 12. And as long as we maintain that strategy as we continue to roll-up the data from the PROVE studies. Till then, we do not see a need for disclosure and therefore, we will be providing data within the medical forums which helps us with the integrity of the studies. And also helps us with our relationship with the FDA in this very important time. 
Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company: Okay. So, its possible that you could have these meetings with the FDA and not really disclose anything to investors after as long as your development plan as goes to the same as you've already disclosed. 
Ian Smith: That's the way that we are moving forward, yes. 
Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company: Okay. And last question Ian is for you and I kind of say you issued in February you said that can be up to $80 million a milestones from the development VX-950 in '07. Have you ever disclosed what your assumptions are underlying $80 million. What would need to happen in development this year in order for you to recognize $80 million in milestone? 
Ian Smith: So, we have not been specific on the milestones and the timing of achieving those milestones, but we have talked about they are consistent with the development plan within 2007 of telaprevir and those milestones are focused on the commencement of studies. 
Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rachel McMinn from Piper Jaffray. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks very much. Can you talk about the rationale for including those stringent RVR definitions in PROVE 1 for the 12 plus 12 arm. Is this something that the FDA is requiring and I guess if so do you expect the FDA over priority RVR in a Phase III trials defined? 
John Alam: Hey Rachel, this is John again. It is good to have achieved an RVR which is to be at less than 10 IU per milliliter at week four in order to stop treatment at 24 weeks in the 12 plus 12 arm is specific to PROVE 1 and its there because its the first trial in which we were or anyone was attempting to shorten the treatment duration from this current 48 weeks down to 12 or 24 weeks and its part of the design that we came to in our discussions and came to an agreement with FDA around that. We dont expect with additional date but the data that we derived from here that we would require in subsequent trials. Ultimately, what even the first set of data from PROVE 1 demonstrated that it is possible to shorten the treatment duration in genotype-1 HCV which was the objective and having done that, we dont necessarily expect to have that type of criteria in subsequent studies. As you know a PROVE 2 does not contain that criteria. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: And I guess, just a follow-up on that, why wouldn't the FDA need a SVR data for PROVE 2 just to get comfort that you are inside the RVR that's an issue here or I guess special to require in continuing on or short treatment wouldnt actually buy us patients. Well, I've said in a positive way? 
John Alam: I think the data overall will -- I mean, we are going to get a full set of data that will support that, in fact, there isnt an overt bias towards this. I think one other thing you need to keep in mind is it that, a very high proportion of patients do achieve an RVR with telaprevir. And at the end of the day, it's a small percentage of patients who -- very small percentage, who don't achieve an RVR and most of those, in fact, have the 7% as you know, developed a viral breakthrough. And so, in essence that there is a -- if you look at the overall set of data from PROVE 1, most patients are achieving an RVR and they should benefit from the 24-week treatment duration. And what does FDA otherwise, we have in terms of discussion with something that will -- we think that the data will support that for the great majority of patients, 24 weeks will be a appropriate duration. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And just two other question, that the $32 million investment in 1Q, is that raw material or finished product? And then on the Aurora kinase can you give us any clarity on if any of those are bio --? 
John Alam: Sorry, I didn't hear all of your question, I apologize, but it sounded like you are asking about the $32 million investment into the supply chain? 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Yes. 
John Alam: So that's an investment into validation process and also commercial product. To be precise its an investment of about $10 million into validation of processes and about $20 million investment into the raw materials of the final product. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Great. 
John Alam: And then on the Aurora Kinases, we are not being specific on the profiles of the various Aurora Kinase inhibitors other than for watching around VX-860. We and Merck together are the leaders in this field. There is a lot of information about Aurora Kinases and the biology that is part of our competitive advantage here. And so we are not disclosing specifics beyond that at this point. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Rachel. Our next caller? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Smith from JP Morgan. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Yes good evening everyone. Just a couple of quick questions. One with the Phase 3 design, now you've comment too much at the moment, but would you consider doing something like Peg Ribavirin run-in period before treating long triple combination, is that something you would consider? 
John Alam: No, we would not. And the reason is just that the rate of viral breakthrough that we saw was low in PROVE, 1 and so we don't think that something we need. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Okay. And with 770 the focus is on the G551D variant, is there any data on activity in the Delta F508? 
John Alam: Yes. We do have in-vitro data that it is active in a Delta F508 context. In the clinical context, and it will depend on the amount of expression of CFTR on the surface itself in patients who have the Delta F508 mutation and then will depend in many cases on second allele and how that determines amount of actual expression on the cell surface. And it's very hard, our priority to know what percentage of patients would have enough and that was my prior comment that we'll have to see what kind of biomarker results we would see in the initial study, and then subsequently, how much of an effect we could have on it and it looks like a broad group of patient with Delta F508 mutation, to see what percentage we can address. But I think, today, I can't predict what percentage we would be able to address. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: All right. Okay, thanks. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you Richard. Next question please? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Zhang from Prudential. 
Jason Zhang - Prudential: Hi, thanks. John, I have question about RVR definition in PROVE 1. And also I have a follow-up question about the discontinuation risk. So, the question on RVR is not only you have to have a patients who achieve, undetectable, will explore and these patients will also have no, I guess, you have to have that responses 10-Q industry otherwise this patient would take off the treatment and put back into the 48-week treatment arm, is that how it is designed or defined? 
John Alam: I think the PROVE 1 criteria, we shouldnt spend too much time on it, because it is our intent. There was a one time, we reduce that criteria and this is not at all the idea behind what the treatment paradigm we're setting up. And so, we should be focusing on based on the data we've attained from PROVE 1 that we can shorten treatment duration and that a 12 plus 12 regimen was a 24 week total duration you'd really will not require any other criteria for patients to go on to that treatment and our objective is to demonstrate that, that's the one decision a clinician will have to make in order to be able to achieve an improvement in SVR rates with from the current standard of care. 
Jason Zhang - Prudential: Okay. And then on discontinuation, so you reported that the AE related discontinuation recognize 52 patients were about 11% but you haven't read them out, talk about total discontinuation that includes no stock related though. Do, you have the number? And the following question to that is now, that you have this data particularly the profile of patients with discontinued treatment. What do you know physicians are doing in the substance Phase II to help patients stay on the drug and do not drop-out unnecessarily due to other reasons. 
John Alam: So, in PROVE 1, in the results we reported there were 11% of the patients in a telaprevir continuing arms discontinued because of adverse events they were an additional approximately 5% of patients who withdrew for either non-compliance or withdrawal of consent but did not have a specific adverse event that led to that discontinuation.  In terms of subsequent trials, I think in particular, as we look towards Phase 3, there are two levels of management one of them is continuing to understand further the side effect profile and the data that we've received to this point as well as to PROVE 2 data to keep patients on telaprevir through to 12 weeks.  But in addition to that if we are not, if patients do need to discontinue because of adverse events, is it should stop the telaprevir and continue to either interferon or interferon and ribavirin. If it does come to that, in PROVE 1 its again first Phase 2 trial and we and the investigators had to take a particularly conservative approach when patients stop, they stop all three therapies in general.  In subsequent trials and again in particular in Phase 3 we think most of the patients who stopped in their current trial, many of those patients, I should say, will be able to continue the pegylated interferon and as long as they received a majority or nearly all of their telaprevir they should still have a very good shot at reaching an SVR, and then the last comment remember that, the great majority of patients in fact did complete 12 weeks of telaprevir. So we are really only talking around what's the optimal SVR rate we can achieve when we are talking about side effect management. It does and it's not at the core of why we believe we are going to be able to increase SVR rates. 
Jason Zhang - Prudential: I just a have one quick follow up here. For those patients who discontinue, and like you said in PROVE 1, when they discontinue they discontinue everything this time. Were you able to actually go after these patient to collect blood samples weekly to give you the weekly R&A status or since they have discontinued from treatment, some of the patients wont be of available for you. 
John Alam: That data will be available to us at the time of the EASL meeting, and today we did not have that data. It was a matter of we needed to go back through all the investigator sites and track down those patients and obtain that data, and that's an ongoing effort. And we do look forward to putting all of that data together into a clear picture of what the true SVR rated is in that study. 
Jason Zhang - Prudential: Thanks. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Jason. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Annabel Samimy from UBS. 
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Can you tell how do the first three or any of the studies and treatment experienced patients start or enter your development plans. Are you planning on filing for both treatment nave and treatment experience given the need or the most immediate need as in treatment experience and how might that effect your development plan? 
John Alam: The Phase 3 study that we have talked about to this point and the use of the 12 plus 12 regimen as a focus in Phase 3 is around treatment-naive patients and the strategy in treatment-naive patients, and that's based on the PROVE 1 data and will be confirmed with data from PROVE 2 as well.  In terms of treatment failures, the only study we are running at this point is PROVE 3, which is in fact a quite a large study in -- for a treatment failure context with 440 patients. And we believe depending on the strength of the data and the consistency of the data in the study could support having treatment failure patients in the label. But that, again, is part of the discussion that we would be having with the FDA within this year. 
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. And can you just remind us how PROVE 3 power one of these assumptions for the control arm? 
John Alam: We have not talked about at this point of the specifics of the power calculations, the sample size. I think our assumptions in a rigorously defined population of patients who failed pegylated interferon and ribavirin treatment as that the SVR rate would be very low, on the order of 10% or lower. 
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. And then, one final question for, PROVE 1. Can you just clarify again or remind us again on patients who are on telaprevir and dropped out but do happen to achieving that (inaudible) is considered responders or failures? 
John Alam: If we have the data that demonstrates that they are an SVR, they will be absolutely counted as a responder. 
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks Annabel. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Meg Malloy from Goldman Sachs. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Just two quick ones, first, can you give us an update on the back up compounds for telaprevir, and whether or not we might see anything head towards clinic this year. And secondly John, if you could just review the characteristics that you look forward for a go/no-go decision on 702? Thanks, like I said, date is coming Q3. 
Lynne Brum: Yes, Meg. 
John Alam: Well, I actually can't provide you any specifics on the back up on the follow on program. It's just for let's say its a highly competitive field and we have a research program that's ongoing. We have a very good eye on which aspects we need to optimize on in order to have the most competitive program. And we are moving forward. But I can't be any more specific than that. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay, go/no-go in third quarter? 
John Alam: Yes. So, on VX-702, yes that is effectively a go/no-go decision in the third quarter, and that will depend on having a successful study both on the Thorough QTc study and on the rheumatoid arthritis study. And we would really be looking for ATR 20 rates that are competitive with the anti-TNF agents. In a three months study, those are well described in various. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: And what about markers for liver toxicity potential? 
John Alam: We're certainly following that. Based on our prior results, we would expect actually a low potential for liver toxicity at this point. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks very much 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Meg. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Werber from Citigroup 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Yes, hi good afternoon. John, maybe, I dont know if you can comment on this. But help us understand a little bit, the 12 plus 12 data when it comes out, what would you like to see, to feel comfortable that this development proceeded plan with the 12 plus 12 strategy? What's the ended treatment that needed to be confident versus one that leaded to believe that you might need to treat longer? 
Ian Smith: Thanks Yaron. The main thing wed be looking at is looking at the relapse rate in patients who complete 24 weeks of treatments the 12 plus 12 regimen and stop all treatment at that point. And a low rate of relapse would support that. There is no further potential benefit by extending the treatment duration for Interferon and Ribavirin. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: And so we understand a little bit, so at this time you have the 12 plus 12 data, the end of treatment data at the end of the second quarter. At that point, what would -- do you need to see another 12 weeks for similar talking about the drop-out rate or award point, I am just trying to understand the relative to what  
Ian Smith: We are talking HCV RNA results at 12 weeks of follow-up after they have completed all treatment at 24 weeks, and this will define what the relapse rate is because almost all patients who relapse after stopping treatment with their HCV RNA coming back in the blood, that happens within 12 weeks of follow-up after stopping treatment. And that data we do expect to have in time to meet with the FDA in the middle part of this year. 
John Alam: And Yaron, just to reemphasize that this is very similar to how we looked at the small arm D -- if you look at way to the end of treatment do a post treatment follow-up and look at the relapse rate of the post treatment. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Thanks and presumably the Phase 3 study, I would imagine, would be superiority study, can you and I know you, you probably would not want to share with us too much on the Phase 3 design as you noted. But can you just help us a little bit understand if what if the placebo arm would be expected to do 45% to 50% SVR, when treated for 448 weeks. What's the superiority margin that you would be comfortable with, again to say, we would be comfortable with a -- an absolute 10% be enough. Being 10%, lets say, going from 45 to 55 or is the 5% good enough given that you are shortening the treatment duration? 
Ian Smith: I think its a little premature to actually talk about the specifics of the Phase 3 really. The margin is dependent on it just has an impact on the size of the study and then how much risk we take on and will design that appropriately, and we are working on this internally and obviously we'll be discussing that with the FDA. But we are, as you have heard, through our various sections, we are confident that the 12 plus 12 arm can increase the SVR rate to form Standard of Care, substantially from what the standard of care does and based on that we can design a Phase 3 trial in which we can be successful. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: And maybe just a final question. You noted that you are considering doing a twice daily 950 study. Would that be boosted with Ritonavir or is that 950 by itself? 
Ian Smith: So we are expecting, we are on track to initiate an exploratory study using a b.i.d. regimen of telaprevir in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin, starting that study within this year. We have completed the analysis of a multi-dose study of ritonavir and telaprevir in healthy volunteers and based on the results of that study we do not expect this b.i.d. study to include ritonavir. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Thanks. Did you see a drug interaction there? Is that what the issue is? 
Ian Smith: The study results do not support based on the PK data of telaprevir that blood level increase that we saw did not justify going forward, which Ritonavir as a strategy for boosting telaprevir levels in a non-HIV co-infected patient population. The good news in many ways was that there was in fact not a substantial drug-drug interaction at the end of two weeks. And based on that, it may actually make it simpler and more straightforward to conduct studies in a HIV/HCV co-infected population that is on Retonavir containing regiments. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thanks John. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks Yaron. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Liang from Leerink Swann 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much. Just a follow-up on the previous question. So, is the twice a day dosing with a new formulation of telaprevir? 
John Alam: No, it's the formulation that we are using in PROVE 3 and would in fact commercialize with. But, the regiment that we are using in PROVE 3 and will go into Phase 3 with is two tablets every eight hours, three times a day. In the b.i.d study we would use three tablets, twice a day. So, same daily dose and divided twice a day instead of three times a day.  Based on the PK data that we've obtained in our studies to this point, we believe we can indicate our targets for top concentrations with such a dosing regiment, but it clearly is remained to be proven that we are able to be successful with that regiment of three tablets, twice a day and that's why we are calling it an exploratory study. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Okay. Just you mentioned 1 kg with the telaprevir program is to better manage the side effects. Can you talk about your initiative there? And also, I was wondering is there any indication that side effects might be related to the weight of the patient, so that higher dose per kilogram may give you more rash, for example? 
John Alam: So, there are I would say two categories, the most straight forward way to manage is how I discussed it earlier is given that particularly the severe rashes starting relatively late in the course of telaprevir dosing. The median data of onset of severe rash was 62 days, so more than 8 weeks into dosing, so far into the 12 week dosing period. For those patients, the easiest way to manage it is to stop the telaprevir, continue the Ribavirin and pegylated interferon or just pegylated interferon alone. Make sure that duration is 24 weeks, because we do believe that the wild-type virus which is where the bulk of the viruses and it is where telaprevir has its major action and most of the wild-type virus is not all of it is going to be eradicated well within the 12 weeks and in many patients it may be substantially and less than 12 weeks.  The Interferon and Ribavirin are really there for the variants where you need the full 24 weeks. So, that would be the easiest way to manage through. And then, otherwise, I think its all about gaining a further understanding of who and perhaps why they developed a side effects and I think your question is one of the questions that we will be asking when we have the full data set between PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. I think that's where the PROVE 2 data becomes important because it provide us the numbers to look at questions like, are there anything in the demographics like weight or otherwise in that or blood levels, metabolites, et cetera that may be a key to who is developing the more severe event in order to be able to look out for them and manage the dosing in an appropriate way, but those are still on going questions at this point 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: If I could just ask a quick question, VX-680, when might we see this pivotal Phase 2 results from the clinical trial? 
Ian Smith: Yes. I mean its too early in for the study to talk to about. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Great. Thank you very much. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you Howard. Given this call is gone almost now we will take one last question. 
Operator: Our final question comes from John Watkins from BOA Securities. 
John Watkins - BOA Securities: Thanks, I had a quick question around the PROVE 3 stage, I know that you'd mentioned at the analyst days that there is a plan put in place to deal with the rash in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, and I was wondering if that same plan is in place for PROVE 3, and also what kind of rash do you expect to see do you expect it to increase out as you get well beyond day 62 and what do you think that it is still going to be manageable at that point? 
John Alam: The same rash management plan that we instituted in PROVE 2 is in PROVE 3. Obviously, because of the timing of PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, its going to have actually the most impact in PROVE 3, because we are still enrolling that study. And everything that we learned in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 we're applying in PROVE 3.  In terms of what would happen with continued dosing, there is no way to tell at this point. I think the in the treatment failure context the total varied profile, I think the expectation would be that in general, who would be better than in the treatment-nave context, because these are patients who have demonstrated and have tolerated pegylated interferon and ribavirin previously. And I think thats an experience in HIV and many other contexts that the patients tend to do better in than context and obviously, the benefit-to risk ratio is very different.  And so I think the PROVE 3 tolerability and efficacy results will help in the treatment fairly context will have to stand on its own. 
John Watkins - BOA Securities: And just to be clear, your patients -- you will encourage patients to stay on the Standard of Care they did have to come off of telaprevir in the PROVE 3 study? 
Ian Smith: Yes. 
John Watkins - BOA Securities: Okay, thanks. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, John and thank you everyone for joining us tonight on the Vertex first quarter conference call. We will take any additional questions directly to our offices. Thank you, and good night. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's Vertex Pharmaceuticals first quarter 2007 financial results conference call. This concludes today's conference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-01 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Lynne Brum - Vice President of Strategic Communications   Ian Smith - SVP and CFO   John Alam - Chief Medical Officer   Joshua Boger - President and CEO   Victor Hartman - Executive Vice President of Strategic and Corporate Development 
Analysts: Geoff Porges - Sanford Bernstein   Jason Zhang - Prudential   Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch   Joshua Schimmer - SG Cowen   Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray   Richard Smith - JP Morgan   Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley   Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs   George Fulop - Needham   Yaron Werber - Citigroup   Howard Liang - Leerink Swann 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Todd, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the yearend financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  Miss Brum, you my begin your conference. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Todd. Good afternoon. This is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications. And welcome everyone to Vertex 2006 yearend conference call. Our accomplishments in 2006 have positioned us very well for 2007.  Highlights of 2006 include significant progress in the global Phase IIb telaprevir clinical program, which enrolled approximately 600 patients in the second half of 2006. A landmark agreement with J&J to support the development and commercialization of telaprevir and a strong funding platform for the future of the program. Clinical advancements in our pipeline first-in-class investigational drug for cancer, CF and inflammation. And continued productivity from our research efforts.  As we move into 2007, we have tremendous opportunity to establish Vertex as a company with potential breakthrough investigational drug in HCV, with a clinical pipeline of first-in-class drug candidates and a capability to produce further drug candidates from its own research efforts.  Today, we'll cover financial strength to support the growth of the Company; telaprevir clinical development and our initial commercial steps; and third, pipeline of first-in-class compounds. These topics will be discussed and expanded upon during today's call by Ian Smith, John Alam, Joshua Boger, and Victor Hartman, who is also here with us and will be available for the Q&A portion of the today's call.  Before I turn the call over to Ian, I'll remind you of the following. Information discussed in this conference call may consist of forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 10-K.  Also, GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our fourth quarter and full year 2006 financial press release, which can be accessed on our website, at www.vrtx.com. Unless otherwise noted, all 2006 expenses and 2007 guidance discussed in this call are inclusive of stock-based compensation.  As always, you can visit vrtx.com to listen to the conference call, view a PowerPoint presentation, or download a podcast. Lastly, after our prepared remarks, we'll accommodate as many questions as time permits. Once the call concludes, our IR team joined by Ian will be in the office to answer any additional questions you may have.  I'll now turn the call over to Ian. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Ian Smith: Thank you, Lynn. I'll first provide you with a financial summary of 2006 and then themes for 2007. 2006 was a year of continued execution on our main two financial drivers.  First, we drove significant revenue in cash flows through our R&D collaborations from both existing and new relationships. This revenue funded a major portion of our increase in development investments. And second, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet to enable future investments. We completed an equity offering and reduced our outstanding convertible debt.  These activities were directed towards creating an operating balance between our R&D investment and our total operating investment in creating a strong financial platform to support the Company's future investment requirements -- that is a strong financial balance sheet.  Now, in 2007, we'll be directing our capital as a priority on -- one, establishing the profile of telaprevir; two, initiating the build of commercial product inventory for telaprevir; and three, initiating the build of a commercial organization.  Now, to 2006 financial results. The results are characterized by revenue growth that funded an increase in development investment and a strong yearend balance sheet. The 2006 non-GAAP loss before certain charges and gains was $171 million compared to a prior year non-GAAP loss before charges of $142 million. The increased loss was due in large part to an increase in development investment and an expansion of our business, as we moved product candidates through development.  Specifically, total operating expenses before stock-based compensation and restructuring charges increased by approximately $100 million in 2006. This increase was offset in large part by revenue growth and from income from investments, which enabled us to maintain our non-GAAP loss at $171 million, only $29 million higher than the prior year.  Our 2006 GAAP net loss was $207 million compared to the prior year net loss of $203 million. The 2006 and 2005 GAAP net losses include charges for restructuring, stock-based compensation, equity exchange in convertible notes, and gains from the sale of investments.  Total revenues for 2006 were $216 million compared to $161 million for 2005. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by collaborative R&D revenues. We had substantial contributions from our new collaboration with the Janssen Pharmaceutica for the support of development of telaprevir and from our existing collaboration with Merck, as a result of the advancement of VX-680 into a pivotal trial.  In 2006, our collaboration revenues were mainly derived from activities focused on our development stage efforts. We expect this to continue. In particular, we look forward for continued revenue growth, while moving away from research collaborations and towards development-based collaborations.  This transition, if successful, will enable us to control and selectively retain the output from our research efforts, while still funding our increasing development investment. This will be an important change in our business.  Now, for the R&D investment. Our total R&D expense was $372 million compared to $249 million in 2005. This significant increase reflects our commitment to telaprevir, as we expand our clinical program and initiate investment into commercial product supply. The expansion of telaprevir development and investment into commercial supply will continue to be key themes in 2007.  Our SG&A expense was $58 million compared to $44 million in 2005. The increase was a result of infrastructure build to support our business and the initial commercial steps we have taken to support telaprevir. Other income net was $15 million compared to prior year net interest costs of $5 million. Increased cash balances and reduction in debt service costs added to our investment returns.  Now, turning to our balance sheet. We ended 2006 with approximately $762 million in cash, cash equivalents and other investments. An equity offering and funding from our Janssen collaboration were major contributors to this strong cash position. Interestingly, even when you remove our equity financing, our cash flow was positive for the year.  Our financial position is also supported by an improved debt profile. Consistent with the prior two years, we continue to reduce our convertible debt obligation and ended the year with $42 million in convertible debt due in 2007 and $60 million of convertible debt due in 2011. Continuing the trend, we've announced our intention to call the 2011 debt, which has a conversion price of $14.94.  Now, to our full year 2007 guidance. Before I start, I'd like to provide you with an overview to help you understand our projection of a significantly increased loss for 2007 compared with the prior year.  The projected non-GAAP loss reflected in our 2007 loss guidance is financially and operationally similar to our 2006 non-GAAP loss with the exception of a relatively new for us investment requirement, building of commercial inventory for telaprevir.  Commercial inventory for the markets we control is not funded by R&D collaborations, and we will expense, as we build inventory in 2007. Without this investment, our projected non-GAAP loss would be similar to that of 2006.  Operationally, we continue to balance our R&D investment with revenue from collaborations and other sources. Thus, our 2007 financial guidance reflects the advancement of telaprevir and our intention to build the Company on telaprevir.  We expect our full year 2007 loss excluding certain charges and gains to be in the range of $300 million to $330 million. This projection includes $110 million to $130 million of commercial inventory investment. We expect full year 2007 GAAP loss in the range of $360 million to $390 million. The GAAP loss is expected to include $55 million of stock-based compensation.  We expect the growth in revenue from existing R&D collaborations and increased development investments, as we broaden the telaprevir program. Additionally, we expect the quarterly losses will decrease as we move through 2007. This is the result of the expected timing of milestones and new deal revenue, as we expect our R&D investment to be relatively even on a quarterly basis.  We will continue to sustain a strong balance sheet to support this investment profile, and we expect to end the year with cash and equivalents in excess of $450 million maintaining a position to enable future investment.  We are forecasting total revenue in the range of $280 million to $320 million. This is a significant increase from 2006 revenues of $260 million and is mainly driven by revenue derived from development-based collaborations.  The components of the 2007 revenue guidance are as follows. HIV product royalties of approximately $45 million. Collaborative R&D revenue of approximately $200 million to $240 million. Specifically, these revenues include development cost reimbursement and milestone revenue based on the advancement of compounds. The milestone component could be up to $80 million, primarily dependent on the advancement of telaprevir. New collaborations will account for approximately $35 million.  Our revenue profile is different than in prior years. We're less reliant on new collaborations. The achievement of our revenue targets is directly linked to do our development investments, through development reimbursements and the advancement of development compounds through milestone achievements.  Now, to the R&D investment. We forecast that in 2007, the R&D investment will be in the range of $560 million to $600 million for the full year, which includes approximately $45 million of stock-based compensation. Also, the R&D investment includes the commercial supply investment of 110 to $130 million.  Apart from the new investment requirement of the commercial supply, our R&D increase is primarily a result of the advancement of the Telaprevir program. Anticipated investment includes cost per completion of PROVE 1, 2 and 3 and a Phase III start in the latter part of the year and an expansion into HCV subpopulations to say enhance the breadth of our market opportunity.  The commercial inventory investment in 2007 is primarily focused on stocking of raw material components. This investment is required to create a base volume of raw materials to support the future commercial products and to create supply flexibility to meet demand. This investment is required to be expensed and had not capitalized into inventory due to the stage of development of the product.  We expect SG&A expenses to be in the range of 80 to $90 million in 2007, including $10 million of stock-based compensation. This increase is in line with our efforts to build the infrastructure to support our expanding business and early commercial activities required for Telaprevir. These will be focused on disease awareness, market analysis and also the internal organizational build-out.  From a balance sheet perspective, we expect to end 2007, maintaining a strong financial position with more than $450 million in cash, cash equivalents and other investments. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to continue to reduce our outstanding convertible debt obligations.  In summary, 2007 is a year in which we are building the Company on telaprevir. Our strong financial profile entering 2007 and our funding from collaborations continue to be important enablers to managing our business investment profile.  I'll now turn the call over to John. 
John Alam: Thank you, Ian. In 2006, we made substantial clinical progress across our pipeline. Telaprevir led the way. In a little less than two years, we have advanced telaprevir from first in man to 1,000-patient Phase II program.  We're now in the lead position to improve HCV treatment options and potentially provide a new treatment for millions of patients. In 2007 we expect to substantially define the product profile and initiate Phase III.  I'll start my prepared remarks with an update on PROVE 3, the start and design of which we announced today. PROVE 3 is a four-arm placebo-controlled trial designed to enroll 440 genotype-1 infected patients who have not achieved a sustained a viral response with a previous pegylated interferon and ribavirin treatment. The trial is planned for more than 50 centers in the US, Europe and Canada.  PROVE 3 is the first trial of telaprevir combination therapy for patient who have failed prior treatment. It is also the first trial that would dose telaprevir through 24 weeks. As I walk through the PROVE 3 trial design, it may be helpful to refer to slide 14 on our webcast presentation. Patients in this trial will be randomized across four arms. In the three telaprevir containing arms, telaprevir will be dosed at two 375-milligram tablets every eight hours.  In this trial there are two 24-week treatment arms and two 48-week treatment arms. Each arm varies from the others as follows. The first 24-week arm will be a 12 weeks -- will be 12 weeks of telaprevir therapy dosed in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin followed by another 12 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin.  The second 24-week arm will be 24 weeks of telaprevir in combination with pegylated interferon. This arm will not contain ribavirin. The third arm will be a 48-week arm. This arm will be 24 weeks of telaprevir in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin followed by 24 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin.  The fourth arm is 48 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin and is a control arm. This arm is unique since patients who do not respond to the standard of care for week four or beyond, based on protocol defined criteria, we'll have the option to roll over onto telaprevir-based combination therapy. This option provides additional incentives for patients who enroll in PROVE 3. Additional details about this trial can be found on "clinicaltrials.gov."  I'd like now to talk about the Phase II program as a whole. PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 began last year and together with PROVE 3 will build telaprevir's profile. Each trial in this Phase 2b program has been carefully designed to do answer questions regarding 12 and/or 24-week regimens of telaprevir in combination with pegylated interferon in both treatment naive and treatment failure patients.  PROVE 1 is a 250 patient trial in the US in treatment naive patients. This trial will answer questions regarding the safety of telaprevir combination through 12 weeks of treatment in comparison standard of care, and also to compare the response rates after varying durations of combination therapy.  All patients in PROVE 1 have completed their telaprevir doses out to 12 weeks. Data from these patients will be analyzed together with SVR 12 data from all patients who has stopped all treatment at 12 weeks or earlier. This next analysis in PROVE 1 will occur towards the end of first quarter of 2007.  PROVE 2 is a 320 patient trial taking place in Europe also in treatment naive patients. We initiated the trial in the third quarter and completed enrollment on schedule in the fourth quarter of 2006. This trial will address the same questions as PROVE 1, plus it will provide information about the role of ribavirin, since one arm in this trial does not include that drug.  We plan to initiate Phase III clinical development of telaprevir in the sending half of 2007. We expect that clinical results from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 -- from the PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 clinical studies will provide important information supporting the design and initiation of the Phase III trial.  The timing of when efficacy data from the Phase III program will become available is dependent on a number of factors including the trial design, which includes treatment duration and the time required to enroll patients into the program.  We believe that the current Prove clinical program Prove 1, 2 and 3 along with safety data from Phase III has the potential to generate sufficient safety and efficacy data in a broad range of genotype-1 HCV infected patients to support an NDA filing in the fourth quarter of 2008.  An NDA filing in that timeframe would also be dependent upon successful completion of all required chemistry manufacturing controls or CMC requirements for registration. If efficacy data from the Phase III program is required in the NDA, the filing maybe later than 2008. Discussions with regulatory authorities that are planned from mid-2007 will define the registration pathways and timelines for regulatory filings worldwide.  At this point, I would like to review our communications strategy around telaprevir program. The principle objective of the PROVE program is to provide insight that will allow us to design and initiate Phase III and to generate data that will support an NDA filing.  Consistent with this objective and with a significant amount of antiviral and safety data we've already disclosed around telaprevir. Our focus in 2007 will be to communicate data from the telaprevir program principally in medical forums when and as is appropriate.  This strategy is consistent with the stage of development of telaprevir. We plan to build on the PROVE trials with a number of additional trials in 2007 including evaluation of telaprevir in HCV subpopulations such as genotype-2 and genotype-3 HCV infection.  Also in 2007, we plan to explore twice daily dosing of telaprevir in combination with peg interferon and ribavirin. These trials are designed to support larger programs that have as an objective the expansion of the product label to cover these areas of medical need.  I'd now like to take a few minutes to bring you up to date on our other pipeline programs. In addition to telaprevir, we have other first-in-class product candidates in our pipeline utilizing near approach to say target serious diseases. The sustained product candidate pipeline would allow us an opportunity to build a pharmaceutical company.  Briefly, in addition, to telaprevir, we have three additional compounds where Vertex's leading development including VX-770 an oral drug that could address the underlying defect in cystic fibrosis, which is on track to begin in the second quarter of 2007 a Phase II clinical trial in patients with cystic fibrosis.  VX-702 a lead oral p38 MAP kinase inhibitor is being investigated for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. We announced today that we've initiated thorough QTc study under an open IND. Already under way is a 12-week 120 patient Phase II, a clinical trial in patients with rheumatoid arthritis on a background of methotrexate.  Depending on the results from the Phase 2a trial and the QTc study we plan to advance to a larger six-month Phase 2b study on a background of methotrexate. VX-883 is a novel investigational antibiotic that we'd expect to advance to Phase I clinical development later in 2007 upon successful completion of certain preclinical studies.  Now to VX-680, which is being developed by Merck in a broad range of cancers. The first clinical data emerged last year. VX-680 which Merck designated MK-0457 is the most advanced cancer compound targeting Aurora kinases. This compound has made rapid progress. It entered the clinic approximately two years ago and just last month Merck initiated a pivotal trial in treatment resistant leukemia's.  This pivotal trial is designed to support registration of VX-680 in one or more hematologic cancer indications. VX-680 has also the potential to treat a broad range of cancers including solid tumors where Merck is already conducting clinical trials. We look forward to an eventful 2007 with presentations reporting clinical data at major medical meetings. I will now turn the call over to Joshua. 
Joshua Boger: Thank you, John. Since the founding of Vertex our goal has been to bring transformational drugs to the marketplace. Telaprevir could enable us to realize part that far corporate goal, but more than that it is the type of clinical opportunity that cams along in our industry just one every decade. That's an exciting opportunity. We're not there yet.  We're very pleased with the progress we made in 2006. We began the year with the first results for telaprevir in combination therapy, and we initiated a large Phase 2b program that would enroll more than 1,000 patients. 2007 starting out with very strong developmental momentum. This year we expect to start Phase 3and we're focused on our goal of filing an NDA in 2008.  But more than that, in 2007, we're truly building a company on telaprevir. The dedication and commitment of everyone in Vertex is making this happen. We have a lot of work ahead of us. We're taking well considered aggressive step to say build a company dedicated to improving medicine and benefiting millions of patients. I thank you. Lynne, back to you. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Joshua. We'll now open up the call to your questions. Todd? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions].  Your first question comes from Geoff Porges with Sanford Bernstein. 
Geoff Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking my question and congratulations on PROVE 3. A couple questions about PROVE 3, John. Could you give us a sense of what the endpoints and what the statistical analysis will be? Will it be the control arm versus the other three arms or the arms individually?  And then, I just had a related question for Josh on R&D. Even if I backed the 110 to 130 out of the 560 to 600, it's still a pretty big number, probably bigger than most people were expecting in aggregate. And that's a lot of growth over the 250 you had in 2005 before telaprevir really got going.  Where does this end up once telaprevir, sort of, goes through the pipe, and do you come back to the 250 or do you think that it's likely that your R&D is going to stay at that kind of level? Thanks. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Geoff. 
John Alam: The endpoints in PROVE 3 are as would be the case sustained virologic response in comparison to the standard of care arm. There is enough statistical power within the trial for any of the arms to say demonstrate statistical superiority relative to standard of care, obviously, depending on the specific treatment effect. But beyond that, at this point, we haven't disclosed the specifics of primary endpoint interim analysis, et cetera.  And Geoff, to your second question, we appreciate your second question, because as Josh mentioned in his remarks, we are looking way out into the future in terms of building the company. To provide guidance on whether R&D investment would go in two or three years from now is a little premature.  But what we can tell you is consistent with our model is we want to launch telaprevir, we want to have a full pipeline, and therefore, R&D investment should continue. And as you know research has been what's generated in our product. So we remain committed to research. 
Joshua Boger: And Geoff, this is Josh. I do think that's a good question. I think there is a change in how I would answer that question now. I won't give you any more specific numbers than Ian did. But five years ago, we're not building R&D because we're building a base upon which we can then choose a winner out of.  We -- the future R&D spending particularly the D side, which drives the big costs, will be based totally on success of compounds. So the best thing that can happen to us three years from now is that our D is higher. But it will be totally success driven. 
Geoff Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Geoff. Todd, can we have our next question please. 
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Jason Zhang with Prudential. 
Jason Zhang - Prudential: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Question about the timing for filing, and also your position to spend more than 110 million into raw materials. So if for any reason -- if the efficacy from a Phase III is required -- as you said in the press release, you might actually have to delay the filing -- could that change your decision today to make raw material?  Or the decision is already made, no matter what will happen you have to have raw material made way before when the filing and approval of this drug will be in place? 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Jason. 
Joshua Boger: Thanks, Jason. Thanks for the question. It's an important question, and it's something as we planned out 2007, how we look at our investment is clearly risk based. And if the timing of the filing was to move, sure, yet we would reduce our investment. However, at this point we have to plan for success, and at this point we are committed to $110 million to $130 million of investment into our supply chain.  However, if our time lines do change, we have the ability to pull back. And that's how we'll conduct our business in 2007, risk based and clinical data based. 
Jason Zhang - Prudential: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hari Sambasivam with Merrill Lynch. 
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Perhaps a question for John. John, just in terms of your Phase III requirements, could you maybe talk a little bit about what your control arm might be? I know you sort of talked a little about in the press release about filing with the efficacy data from PROVE 1, 2 and 3, and just the safety component from the Phase III arm.  But I'm just wondering what type of -- how long would the control arm have to go? Would that be one year of safety that you would need with the control arm as with the pegylated ribavirin and interferon -- sorry -- pegylated interferon and ribavirin, or would that be a shorter look there? I'm just wondering the timing of the safety would probably depend on your control arm as well, so I am just wondering what your thoughts are at this point in time on that one. 
John Alam: Larry, I think at this time I probably can't go into that -- I really can't go into that level of detail. Our plan through the first half of this year is to obtain the data from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, which is going to really drive the design of the Phase III program as well as really the registration program and how we approach the FDA.  And depending on the specific discussions with the FDA, that would really define both from an efficacy and a safety standpoint, which sets of clinical data would go into the first NDA filing. 
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: That's great. Just one follow-up question from the prior questioner. In terms of the actual inventory build or the raw material build that you're doing, how long of a stability do you have on these products at this point in time just in case your Phase III does extend beyond, you know, your scheduled time period? 
John Alam: A good question, Hari, and also building into how we're building our supply chain. The investments in 2007 is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is principally in raw material.  And so as we come out of 2007, we're stocking raw materials that then provide us the flexibility to build commercial product when we have a better understanding of product profile. But the raw materials that we build in 2007 have shelf life measured in years, so we don't face that risk. 
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Hari. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Schimmer with SG Cowen. 
Joshua Schimmer - SG Cowen: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess first question if you did start to see a high relapse rate in the PROVE studies, would that affect your decision to build the commercial supply over 2007 and how may we see that reflected? 
Ian Smith: Well, we're taking -- hi, Josh. It's Ian. We're taking data all the time from our studies to the extent that it is available to us and then to the extent it becomes blinded. So we're always going to take that information. It affects our decisions on the supply that's required at launch.  We understand what the capacity is in our supply chain, and we're always adjusting that. So the answer to your question is broadly yes. There is more data that's available to us. We plan more appropriately. 
Joshua Schimmer - SG Cowen: Is it unreasonable then to conclude that from your comments and plans to begin building a fairly large commercial supply that you may not be seeing a high rate of relapse in the PROVE studies? 
Ian Smith: I think it's premature to conclude that at this point. 
Joshua Schimmer - SG Cowen: Okay. And then, John, how are you defining non-responder in PROVE 3 and is that a definition the FDA has agreed upon for potential registration purposes? 
John Alam: For this -- for PROVE 3, we're actually -- we are enrolling a very broad range of patients. And it's defined effectively as anyone who did not achieve an SVR, after previous course of pegylated interferon and ribavirin.  So that would include, by other people's definitions, non-responders so that non-response is defined by did not become HCV-RNA undetectable during previous course of therapy as well as patients who have relapsed, so did have a response on treatment but relapsed after the end of treatment.  And we're including both groups of patients stratifying during randomization. So there are equal numbers of proportions of non-responder versus relapse is similar across the treatment arms. And this protocol, yes, was submitted to the FDA in December for review. 
Joshua Schimmer - SG Cowen: Does it exclude patients who were not able to complete a full course of therapy due to issues with tolerance or the peg [ph] -- about ribavirin? 
John Alam: It does exclude those patients. Patients have to have met non-response criteria in a previous course either after 12 or 24 weeks or relapsed after a full course of 48 weeks of treatment. These are all genotype -- HCV genotype 1 infected patients. Right? 
Joshua Schimmer - SG Cowen: Thanks very much. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Josh. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Piper Jaffray. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Hi. Thanks very much. Just a couple of questions. One, again on the PROVE 3 trial design, I am curious, given the history so far responses from living ribavirin and the treatment experience group setting, just curious what's driving your thinking here with a no-ribavirin arm?  Is this colored at all by anything you're seeing out of PROVE 1 or just kind of an extension of the philosophy that went into PROVE 2? 
John Alam: I think it's a continuing philosophy in terms of that whether or not ribavirin in the context of a potent agent, such as Telaprevir, whether or not ribavirin would in fact contribute to the overall antiviral activity of combination therapy. So it's very much consistent with having that no-ribavirin arm in PROVE 2. Yes. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. I am curious when do you expect to initiate any type of viral kinetic studies that assess Telaprevir with a direct anti-viral from a different drug class and are you in discussions with any potential collaborators over such a study. 
John Alam: So very high level. The way we're viewing it is that the area of most opportunity would be Telaprevir with a preliminary inhibitor, which as a whole are earlier in clinical development than is Telaprevir.  So it's hard at this stage to make a precise call on which agent and whether we're, you know -- and any of the agents are quite at the stage where it would make sense for us to combine with Telaprevir. But we're very much evaluating all of the possibilities. We're tracking all of the clinical data with the agents that are in clinical development.  You know, you should look for us down -- you know, down the line to the in fact conduct -- potentially conduct particularly proof of concept trials with one or more preliminary inhibitors, but the timing of that I think somewhat uncertain right now. But it's not many years away. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay. So is that different than I think we had heard from you before that you'd like to see something by the end of '07 and kind of based off what you're seeing now? 
John Alam: It may well be within this year that we initiate a first clinical trial, but it is, you know, not in our plans as such because it does depend on having an appropriate other compound for us to run that first study with. 
Ian Smith: I think, Rachel, I probably was a source of that particular comment, and that was really a statement of '04 optimism for the other agents, so nothing would please us more than to see the kind of progress in preliminary, it would enable us to be in a study sooner rather than later so really the uncertainty here is not in our hands. 
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay. That's fair. Thanks very much. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Rachel. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Richard Smith with JP Morgan. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Yes, good evening. Two quick questions. One just related to the prior one. What kind of criteria would you like to see in a preliminary inhibitor, viral load drops or phase development before you look into combination trials?  And second, do you ever talk about the statistics around the PROVE trials? I am not sure if you have in a statistical analysis, I mean. 
John Alam: In terms of criteria of a IND it is really multi-factorial. It's antiviral activity. It's clinical safety profile. It is toxicology profile. It is metabolic pathways, and whether there might be any potential for interactions. And all of those things have to be factored in, and there is no simple algorithm which one would plug into.  In terms of the statistics of the various trials, we have not on any of the specific trials to this point, we have not talked about the specific statistics, but I think as we go out into the middle and second half of the year and have had some of those discussions with the FDA had terms of registration path, as any of the statistics impact our NDA filing strategy ahead of that we would communicate. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: They're already not into the trials, some estimates? 
John Alam: Yes. There are estimates not into the trial, and there are sample size calculations in the various trials. 
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: All right. Thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Richard. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon, guys. Two questions. The first one is I guess if you point to the SVR 12 data as an important data point for a long time, when so we expect that data EASL or would you -- are you going to wait to show that at a medical meeting this year? 
John Alam: I can't comment today on such a specific as meeting EASL because that -- you know as with any scientific meeting there is a process of abstract submission, acceptance, etcetera, that we're not at the point and the meeting is not at the point that we could actually discuss any specific meetings.  In terms of SVR 12 data, the data we're going to be really focused on is relapse rates. And the first set of data, which internally we expect analysis occurred near the end of the first quarter will really be we're viewing it as, you know, where our focus is. It's dialing up or down in terms of the duration f or 12 and 24 weeks.  And it really will be most helpful in the extremes of either a very low or very high relapse rate. It's obviously the numbers of patients involved won't gives a precise number in terms of either SVR rate or relapse rates. But it will give us that guidance, in terms of how to go forward. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: But given how important you stress these data to be, in you unblind them internally, isn't that a material event that you need to disclose to us or do you think you can wait for a medical meeting? 
John Alam: I am going to let, maybe, Ian comment on the disclosure policy. 
Ian Smith: Sure. Thanks, Steve. We've always been very clear on where what we want to do. We want to protect the integrity of the study we're running. I think that's very important given the importance of the studies.  We're going it use medical forms to provide the data. In terms of asking us whether it's material, that's a completely separate question. We'll provide the data in a forum appropriate for the data, and that's a later conference in towards the first quarter, and end of the first quarter to begin the second quarter of this year. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: And the second question a pretty simple one. When you're defining the dropouts from the PROVE 1 trial, is that patients that completely dropped off therapy or are patients able to drop-off of either study drug or placebo and remain on Peg and Ribavirin and still be counted as part of the study? 
John Alam: Steve, in the December analysis which was a very, very specific analysis and not a broad ranging analysis, in that analysis it was the dropout rate that we cited were specifically stopping telaprevir or placebo. Basically the telaprevir or placebo pill they were taking, and they could, in fact, have continued on Interferon and Ribavirin. 
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Very helpful. Thank you. 
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Steve. 
Operator: Your next question is from Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Just to follow up and clarify Steve's first questions, can we take it your goal would be to be able to present the SVR 12 data in the second quarter? 
John Alam: Yes. Meg, I will take the question again. A lot of this is depends on the timing that we receive the data and the type of data we receive. Our intention is to use medical forms as we go forward to disclose this data as I said in my first comment.   We want the appropriate forum to protect the integrity of the study.  We believe medical forums are more appropriate. We're at a very different stage as a company now than where we were in the prior year, and we want to respect that. We want to respect our communications with the FDA.  So the way we're looking as disclosure for 2007 is actually rolling up the data, using the medical forum, if the data is available, coming out of the first quarter into the early second quarter. There is a medical conference that's available for us, and we'll use that, but to ask us to commit to that at this point is a little premature. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just switching gears a little bit in terms of your twice daily study you're contemplating later this year, how are you thinking that in terms of drug dosing, would that be same 375 meg tablets but two times daily or are you looking at different loading dose of tablets? 
John Alam: We would be looking at three tablets twice a day, so that we have I think a very consistent data set in terms of daily dose that what we're giving right now is obviously very active from an antiviral standpoint and based on all of the analysis that we've done is the appropriate dose level.  Just to be clear, the dosing regimen we have today with the two tablets three times a day I think particularly for the range of duration we're looking at since it's not a chronic treatment is in fact a very practical and dosing regimen that we can definitely be going forward. The intent of this upcoming study is really it is an exploratory study.  We'll see, if there is a further opportunity to simplify -- either simplify the dosing regimen and/or give options to patients and physicians who for whatever sets of reasons may have a strong preference one-way or another. But we do believe the regimen we have today is one we could definitely take forward to the market and we would be fine with most patients and physicians. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Yes. If I may follow-up on that. In terms of assessing trough levels, if you were to do twice daily dosing and three pills a shot, have you done preclinical work to suggest that puts you in the ballpark? 
John Alam: The based on the data we have had, previously and if you just look at the clinical data, with the three tablets twice a day. We can achieve trough levels that are well into the targets that we define in our initial dose ranging work as monotherapy. Remember that since then with the tablet formulation given with food we actually do get higher blood levels. And so all in, we actually can in fact get to the, to our target trough levels with that dosing regimen. 
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks a lot. 
John Alam: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Fulop with Needham. 
George Fulop - Needham: Thank you for taking the question. My main questions have been answered, but I was wondering if we can take that the initiation of PROVE 3 that we can assume that reaction and other adverse events are insignificant or self-limiting in. 
John Alam: I think the way, I would look at it is that the safety data that we obtained in December, which the primary objective of that analysis was to be able to support initiation of PROVE 3. And that's clearly what the data showed that it was supportive of our profile, and that the data, safety data overall supported initiation of PROVE 3 continuing as planned with PROVE 2 and overall continuing with the clinical plan and, yes, the initiation of PROVE 3 supports that conclusion. 
George Fulop - Needham: Okay. Thank you. 
John Alam: Thank you, George. I think we have time for about two more questions. 
Operator: Okay. Yes, ma'am, your next question is from Yaron Werber with Citigroup. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: I have two quick questions, John. The first one has to do with we've been getting lots of questions to understand the blinding of both PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. So are you blinded by treatment with a placebo or 950 and by arm or do you know exactly, which patients and which arms.  And how do you take the data to the FDA? What kind of unblinding we have you have to do so you can you can maintain the integrity of the some of the study. And then second question is PROVE 2. What are your plans there in terms of doing interim analysis or would you let that study continue all the way to the end before you unblind it? 
John Alam: We absolutely do not know the treatment assignments by individual patients. Any data reported to us is reported at a higher level than that, in particular the December analysis in PROVE 1, all of the analysis there was at a -- the analysis that we reported that was made available to us was at a group level. PROVE 1 all the patients are blinded to placebo or telaprevir because the background regimen across all of the first twelve weeks in particular is the same with pegylated interferon and ribavirin.  Prove 2, the patients are blinded to treatment assignment in three of the four arms because they're receiving pegylated interferon and ribavirin plus telaprevir or placebo. The arm that does not contain ribavirin in that study, those 80 patients know that they're assigned to that treatment.  But the RNA data to the -- to those -- from across the study and across both studies are blinded to -- they're not made available to the patients, physicians, anyone during the course of the treatment including ourselves. That data is all going to be analyzed. It is pre-specified points as in during specific inter -- analysis time points, and only then would be made available to us.  For Prove 2 at this point we have not disclosed the specific timing of when those interim analyses would occur. Again, to protect the scientific integrity of the studies, to not introduce any kind of the bias in the conduct of the study, to make -- to not give any kind of signals to the patients or physicians the trial as when those interims may be occurring. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Just to understand a follow-up, when you say for Prove 1 the analysis was in a group level back in December, what do you mean by a group level whether? 
John Alam: So it's preparing for example it was the analysis of antiviral activity at week 12 which was 88% undetectable in -- we grouped all of the patients who received telaprevir together. And 65 out of the 74 patients were undetectable compared to the control arm in which approximately 50% of the patients were undetectable at week 12.  But it was not on an individual patient basis patient-by-patient whether the report undetectable or not. It was in the group combining all the telaprevir patients versus the control arm. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: I see. And at this point from when you noted the 9% discontinuation rate that, Steve asked about before. Do you -- you don't know at this point how many patients have dropped out of 950 and or placebo remained on the background regimen? 
John Alam: That's correct. That analysis again was a very specific analysis that was pre-specified, and that provided data at a high level and there were limited number of analysis that were conducted again, to basically support initiation of PROVE 3 continuation PROVE 2 and to see whether there were any specific information that needed to be provided to the investigators across a clinical trials.  And those objectives were all successfully met, and as you know, we completed enrollment in PROVE 2. We're going forward there. I mean at this point we have, several hundred patients on telaprevir between PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 and PROVE 3 is now initiated and will be -- we're planning on enrolling it by the end of the second quarter. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Great. And just a final question. When you look at the end of treatment response and ultimately SVR, are you calculating that on an ITT versus based on or is this last observation carried forward? I'm trying to ascertain, what happens to the patient who drop out only the placebo 950 and continue in the background. How are they going to be calculated at the end? 
John Alam: So for the next analysis, our focus is on the relapse rate, which is the analysis of SVR 12 data of which is basically, have patient who stopped at 12 weeks or earlier in PROVE 1. Stopped all treatment including interferon ribavirin and telaprevir.  What the rate of relapse is out to 12 weeks of follow-up, and that is a very specific question again, we're asking to try to understand whether it's 12 weeks of, in fact, the interferon and ribavirin is sufficient or whether our focus should be on in that study and the PROVE program overall on the -- in particular the 24-week arm, which is 12 weeks of the three drugs with 12 weeks of follow back 12 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin.  And we're really looking at the -- you know it's dialing in or dialing up what the duration of the peg interferon and ribavirin would be. In terms of the final analysis, if your question is in PROVE 1, PROVE 2, PROVE 3, SVR rates when we put everyone together -- in the final analysis, which will be occurring much later in 2007 and in case of PROVE 3 into 2008, that will be absolutely an ITT analysis. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: So if a patient -- I am sorry, just to clarify, let's say if your patient in arm 1 of the study and week six, you dropped out either with the placebo or 950, but you remain in the background regimen. Do you and you showed-up for your blood test of 12 weeks. Is this patient at an ITT and what happens if they don't show up after 12 weeks? Do you take their last observation carry forward? I'm talking about the drop out within each arm before you get to the end of treatment. 
John Alam: Yeah. I have to respect the other people that are on the line, with questions. Can we take this question offline? Joe could be available right after the call, and we would be happy to answer it. But given the detail of the question, let's move on to the next question out of respect to other people waiting. 
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Thank you. I appreciate it. 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Yaron. And we'll take our last question. 
Operator: Your last question is from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much. So the question about funding on Phase II under what circumstances duration be able to file on Phase II? Is there an SVR hurdle? 
Joshua Boger: It would be based on the level of efficacy and it's just efficacy and safety and how compelling the data are and it would be to a great extent how compelling they are both not only to us but to the FDA, and, you know, at this point it's really hard to tell, but it is the totality of the data and what the profile of telaprevir in combination with interferon plus ribavirin looks like at that point.  But it's an analysis, I mean it's, you know, as I said in PROVE 1 and PROVE 2, that type level of analysis will not occur until much later on to 2007. Our plan is to initiate Phase III in advance of when we would really know with any level of confidence that whether the Phase II data would support filing by itself or not. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Okay. Also just wanted to get a sense to what we might see during the course of this year. I think, the SVR data from the six months treatment arm in PROVE 1 and the SVR data from the 80 patients on the 3 are arm from PROVE 2 but they're both scheduled in second quarter.  Can you talk about you want to present at a medical meeting. Does that mean that we're not going to see the data until maybe late in the year ASLD perhaps? 
Joshua Boger: I mean, that is our strategy would be to communicate around the major liver meetings, and as you know, it's really, it's the meetings across the Board, there is Easel in April and there is DDW and ASLD, and where specifically we would be presenting any type of data depends on when those data emerge and again it's the process of the meetings that we would have to work through. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: And just finally on the -- you talked about the focus is going to be on the relapse rate. Are we going to see any type of SVR data prior to the completion of the study? 
Joshua Boger: You know, again, it's maybe a little bit early to try to get into that because it's a -- you know, our focus right now just, again, to be clear is to get to Phase III, is to get the data to design Phase III, to initiate Phase III. I think, you know, beyond that of how we really communicate around the data, it's just a little bit early. And it depends really on a variety of different factors that it's just hard to predict right now. 
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: But if, you know -- 
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Howard. And thank you everyone for joining us this evening on the Vertex 2006 and outlook for 2007 conference call. We would be happy to take any additional calls tonight in our offices. Call any of the IR group or at your convenience either tomorrow or next week. Thanks again. 
Operator: This concludes this evening's conference call. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications   Ian Smith - Chief Financial Officer   John J. Alam - Chief Medical Officer   Joshua S. Boger  Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray   Jeffrey Porges - Stanford Bernstien   Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch   Howard Liang - Leerink Swann   Yaron Werber  Citigroup   Jason Zhang  Prudential   Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley   Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs   Annabel Samimy - UBS   David Witzke - Banc of America   Adam Cutler - JMP Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Richard and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a Question and Answer Session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Brum, you may begin your conference.
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon. This is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications. On behalf of our Vertexs Executive team, I welcome everyone to todays call. Todays call will focus on the following, first momentum and HCV drug developments. Were executing the phase IIb global development program for Telaprevir VX-950 and anticipate steady progress in news flow from this program in the coming months. Second, pipeline of first in class compounds. We have a pipeline of proprietary and collaborative drug candidates that provides us with significant development opportunities. Third, financial strength. We are managing our financial profile in order to prepare the Company for its next stage of growth. These thing will be discussed and expanded upon during todays call by Ian Smith our Chief Financial Officer, Dr. John Alam our Chief Medical Officer and Dr. Joshua S. Boger our President and Chief Executive Officer. In addition Dr. Victor Hartman, our Executive Vice President of Strategic and corporate development is also here with us and will be available for the Q&A portion of todays call. Before I turn the call over to Ian, I remind you of the following. Information discussed in this conference call may consist of forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission including our 10-K. Next, GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures is available in our third quarter 2006 financial press release. As always you can visit VRTX.com to listen to the conference call and view a PowerPoint presentation or download a podcast. Lastly, I would like to note that we have allocated 45 minutes for todays call. After our prepared remarks we will accommodate as many questions as time permits. Once the call concludes our IR team joined by Ian will be in our offices to answer any additional questions you may have. I will now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Lynne. Our financial strategy is to balance the risk and research and development with a strong financial profile. This enables the Company to support the long-term investment required to fully develop our R&D opportunities. Specifically in 2006 we have significantly enhanced our financial strength. We completed a $330 million equity offering and secured a significant collaboration to support the development of Telaprevir. The financing and the collaboration are reflected in our third quarter financial results which demonstrate a strong balance sheet and increased revenue from collaborations. The full results are available in our press release. I will begin with our long-term financial strength on our balance sheet. We ended the third quarter of 2006 with $752.3 million of cash, cash equivalents and other investments. This includes proceeds from the equity offering completed in September and $865 million up-front payment received in July from our collaboration with Johnson & Johnson. To add to this strong cash position we also reduced our overall convertible debt obligations during the year. We end the quarter with only $42 million in convertible debt due in 2007 and only $59.6 million of convertible debt due in 2011. The 2011 debt is callable in February 2007 and has a conversion price of $14.94. In summary, our balance sheet is very strong. Now to the operations, the third quarter loss before certain charges and gains was $47.9 million compared to a prior year loss before charges of $40.8 million. Our operating expenses or most specifically our R&D expense significantly increased. However, these increases were primarily offset by a significant increase in revenue. Our third quarter 2006 GAAP net loss was $51.8 million compared to the prior year net loss of $79.6 million. The 2006 and 2005 GAAP net losses include charges for restructuring, stock-based compensation, and equity exchanges of convertible notes and gains from investments. Total revenues for third quarter were $53.3 million, an increase of $17.1 million compared to the prior year. The increase was principally due to $25.4 million of revenue recognized from our Telaprevir collaboration. This development based revenue replaces revenue that was previously generated from research based collaborations. We expect this trend of increased revenue being derived from development related programs to continue in 2007. The third quarter 2006 R&D investment was $96.1 million including $7.6 million of stock-based compensation compared to an R&D investment of $63.6 million in the third quarter of 2005. The increased investment reflects expanded development activities associated with our global Phase II development program for Telaprevir and the initial investment to commercial supply. Our SG&A expense was $14.8 million including $1.7 million of stock-based examination compared to the prior year of $10.7 million. This increase reflects investments into infrastructure to support the growth of the company. In summary, our income statement trends reflect the advancement of our business and the strong operational leverage of the J&J collaboration. Now to the full- year 2006 guidance, due primarily to the proceeds from our equity offering, were adjusting our guidance for year end cash, cash equivalents and available sales securities. We expect these amounts to be in excess of $725 million at year-end. We continue to anticipate that our loss excluding certain charges and gains will be in the range of $180 to $195 million. We expect full-year 2006 GAAP loss will be in the range of $222 to $237 million. The GAAP loss is expected to include approximately $42 million of stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, loss on exchange of convertible notes and other gains. The 2006 loss guidance is primarily dependent upon the achievement and timing of milestones from our R&D collaborations. The milestones relate to compound acceptances and clinical advancement of compounds. Looking into 2007, weve created a strong balance sheet and have tremendous collaborations to support the significant investment required to successfully drive our business. We are moving forward with a financial profile to support the investment challenges were taking on. I will now turn the call over to John.
John J. Alam - Chief Medical Officer: Thank you, Ian. Weve been progressing rapidly with PROVE 1 and PROVE 2. Two clinical trials in the U.S. and Europe. And are prepared for a continuous flow of data as we head into 2007 with emergence of the first data sets from the program likely to come in December. We expect data from our Phase IIb program to define the product profile of Telaprevir and to establish a registration path for the program. On track with our timeline we completed enrolment of 250 patients in the PROVE 1 clinical trial in the third quarter. Patients were enrolled in 35 centers across the U.S. in less than ten weeks. The number of centers is important as we plan for our PROVE 3 and subsequent Phase III trials. We spent a significant amount of time preparing each center for Phase II which we think should facilitate a straight forward transition to Phase III. Now turning to the specific data flow for the PROVE 1 program, as I review these events it may be helpful to refer to slide 13 on our webcast presentation. In December we expect to have the first on treatment data from the initial randomization of 80 patients, 60 of whom received 12 weeks of Telaprevir therapy in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. These data will reflect analysis of the safety and antiviral activity of 12 weeks of Telaprevir based combination therapy. We then expect to have in the first quarter of 2007, the three months post treatment or SVR 12 data on patients in the 12 week arm who receive Telaprevir in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. In the second quarter of 2007 we expect that 6 month SVR date will be available from patients in the 12 week triple combination arm of the study. Our PROVE 2 trial in Europe is progressing well and all sites in France and Germany are now open. Additional sites in the U.K. and Austria are expected to be open in the coming weeks. We continue to expect to complete PROVE 2 enrollment in the fourth quarter. We will then expect the first data to become available from PROVE 2 towards the middle of 2007. When enrollment is complete we expect to be able to provide more information on specific timing of data events from PROVE 2. Data from PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 patients will inform the design of our Phase III trials. Now turning to PROVE 3. The preliminary analysis including histopathology data from the six months toxicology studies with Telaprevir in two species rat and dog, has now been completed. Based on this analysis we believe that these non-clinical studies will support PROVE 3, a clinical trial that will evaluate six months of therapy with Telaprevir in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin in more than 400 treatment experience patients. With these results we remain on track to start the clinical trial in the fourth quarter. In addition with regard to certain questions that we have received, we have initiated in this quarter both a thorough QTC study and a multi-dose study with Retonovir. These studies are part of our global Phase II program and are designed to support our registration package. Ian touched upon our plans for investment in the Telaprevir development program broadly. The clinical trials I just mentioned (inaudible) one part of bringing the major drug to a marketplace. Were also preparing for commercial success of Telaprevir. We completed the technical development work for the commercial formulation of Telaprevir and have established a dosing regimen of two 375-milligram tablets to be taken every eight hours. This launch formulation is what will be used in our in PROVE 3, the six-month clinical trial in treatment experienced patients. Weve begun to manufacture drug registration batches and we expect to complete all registration batches of Telaprevir in the first half of 2007. I would now like to take a few minutes to bring you up to date on our other pipeline programs. In addition to Telaprevir we have other first in class product candidates in our pipeline targeting major diseases, and these are being developed to achieve our goal of developing a robust pipeline. First mentioned VX-770 an oral drug that could address the underlying defect in cystic fibrosis. We completed a Phase I clinical trial in healthy volunteers and in patients with cystic fibrosis in the third quarter. We also announced today that we have completed a viability study with a new tablet formulation for VX-770. Our goal is to begin a Phase II clinical program in patients with CF in 2007. In other Vertex VX-702 oral p38 MAP kinase inhibitor being investigated for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. We filed an IND in the third quarter. The IND is now open and were taking steps to initiate a thorough QTC study. Also in the fourth quarter we expect to start a 12 week 120 patients phase 28 clinical trial in patients with RA on a background of methotrexate. Upon completion of the QTC constituted and the 12 week Phase IIa study we plan to conduct the largest six-month Phase II study on a background of methotrexate in approximately 400 patients. Now to VX-680. The first clinical data for VX-680 which is being developed by Merck in a broad range of cancers is starting to emerge in blood cancers. At the end of the third quarter data from [hemonologic] trials with VX-680, was published in journal of blood. These data demonstrated the first clinical activity of an oral kinase inhibitor in three patients with T31 (inaudible) mutations with either or chronic myeloid leukemia or CML on acute lymphocytic leukemia or ALL. These patients had failed prior therapy with currently marketed and second generation therapies. These are preliminary but are very encouraging data. We expect additional clinical results for VX-680 to be presented at the American society of hematology or ASH conference in December. We also believe that VX-680 has the potential to advance into late stage clinical development. Before I close, I would like to remind everyone that five abstracts have been accepted for presentation at ASLD this weekend, which is taking place here in Boston. Although we cant discuss any data tonight from the upcoming presentations on our call, the ASLD lifts tomorrow morning. At that time were planning to issue a press release announcing top line data from the presentations that will take place Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. I look forward to speaking with you after the release and throughout the conference. I will now turn the call over to Joshua.
Joshua S. Boger  Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Alam. Lets start my brief remarks by reiterating that Telaprevir continues to be our highest priority. HCV as a major disease and more than 3 million people in United States with chronic HCV. There is tremendous unmet medical need. We believe our lead investigational product has the potential to address the significant unmet need in the treatment of HCV. The Telaprevir development and commercialization program is running on all cylinders. The global Phase IIb development program is well under way. Data from this program will begun to roll out in the fourth quarter of this year and will be followed by a steady stream of data during the first half of 2007. This data will inform us as we design future trials for Telaprevir and determine its full medical and commercial potential. We have a tremendous opportunity to truly make a difference in patients lives. At the same time we also face challenges that go along with this kind of opportunity. As we look ahead to our strategic plan for Telaprevir in 2007, were focused not only on the clinical development of this drug candidate but also on our commercial objectives. We completed the commercial launch formulation and are on track to complete registration batches of the drug in the first half of next year. Were fully committed to realizing our vision of transforming HCV disease. We have the financial, operational and strategic resources to support our objectives and execute on a larger scale in 2007. Were focused on capturing the full potential of Telaprevir. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress and across our business. Lynne, back to you.
Lynne H. Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications: Thank you, Joshua. We would now like to open up the call to your questions. Richard.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Rachel McMinn with Piper Jaffray.
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Thanks very much. A couple of questions. Now that you have your six-month tox studies, they are almost complete, is there a way to extend VX-950 dosing in PROVE 1 or PROVE 2 in some other longer duration arms to perhaps six months and if you dont want to do that, perhaps let me know why that wouldnt be strategic for you to do?
John J. Alam: Hi Rachel, this is John. We will not be extending dosing in the PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 trials. And its really just the timing of we have -- were going to be as you know we started dosing in PROVE 1 early in the third quarter, and the timing really doesnt work in terms of filing the data with the FDA and extending in dosing in these studies. As you know our data overall support that three months of dosing with Telaprevir will in fact provide sufficient viral suppression to be able to eradicate the virus.
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay. I guess just on the total other end of the spectrum, if PROVE 1 actually shows better efficacy with a longer duration treatments, will you have enough preclinical toxicity data in time for your Phase III to actually treat patients for 48 weeks?
John J. Alam: Just to clarify, the comment on the three months is in terms of treatment naive patients. PROVE 3 as you -- we are targeting up to six months of duration with Telaprevir. We will have by the time we are to Phase III additional toxicology data as well, but again in neither or naive treatment experienced parents we believe three to six months of Telaprevir will be sufficient.
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: But just to clarify, though, if you see that you need longer duration for your Phase IIIs wont be set back, you will still have enough preclinical talks to go out to twelve months if you need to?
John J. Alam: We do have nine-month toxicology studies that are ongoing. They were actually started -- the nine-month toxicology study in the doc started simultaneously with the six-month study, so thats obviously going to read out in the near future, but lets say that the results that weve obtained in the six-month toxicology studies again do support dosing up to six months, and we would expect that similar type of results in the nine-month studies.
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffray: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Rachel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Porges with Stanford Bernstien.
Jeffrey Porges - Stanford Bernstien: Thanks very much, guys, for taking the question. Particularly interested in the potential implications of the FDA panels guidance about development. They sort of were pretty clear that you need to be adding a new drug to standard of care and you need to be looking at SVR 24 weeks after the end of the standard care arm. What do you think the implications of this are for Phase III design and where you might need to go in terms of duration of dosing in the study and the duration of the study?
John J. Alam: Hi, Jeff. This is John again. Actually I think the outcome of the FDA discussion, the committee discussion in general was very positive. In fact, consistently positive. The most important take away was that they clearly affirmed that the virologic end point SVR at the end of 24 weeks of treatment is and should be the primary end point for any strategy that whose goal is to eradicate the virus, any antiviral strategy. So, any other end points, histologic, et cetera, are all become secondary end points. They also specifically to the FDAs question of does the SVR need to be defined at the same time point which is 24 weeks after control across all treatment arms, there was actually the advisory committee was very specific that the timing should be 24 weeks after the duration of treatment and regardless of what the duration is. A very positive outcome there as well in our mind. I will say that the other positive development in the discussion was they did talk thats also Phase III for registration. But there was a discussion that the advisory committee supported that in moving from Phase II to Phase III that using a what they called an SVR 12, 12 weeks after the end of treatment that you can use that information for phase transition going from Phase II to Phase III.
Jeffrey Porges - Stanford Bernstien: What does all of that mean for Phase III design, then?
John J. Alam: I think the Phase III design will be for us will be based on the clinical results PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 as they rollout. If we -- as we expect, if we are able to demonstrate robust SVR 12 and then full 24 weeks SVR data with the durations that we have in the trials, then that would support moving into Phase III with those -- with 12 to 24 weeks of duration. Again, we would expect that SVR 12 data from both the 12-week and the 24 week which otherwise we call the 12 plus 12 arm to provide the data to support the design of the Phase III trials.
Jeffrey Porges - Stanford Bernstien: Sorry, to hop on, but, John, do you need to have 72-week control arm in the Phase III study, then?
John J. Alam: Thats a discussion were going to be having with the FDA. At this point it is a discussion that doesnt -- there is no reason to have the discussion because we really need the data with PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 to have the discussion with the FDA. As you know, our view is that whether we have a control arm in Phase III or not, by the time we get into 2008 we will have data -- our plan is to have data and our expectation is to have data from three large trials, PROVE 1, PROVE 2, PROVE 3, each of which has a control arm, and has the ability to demonstrate superiority as powered in that way to standard of care. But at that point we wont need to have the data from -- we wont need to wait on the data from the control arm in Phase III to file an NDA, but again the specifics of that is going to be data driven and based on discussions with the FDA we will -- which we will engaged in starting in the second and middle half of next year.
Jeffrey Porges - Stanford Bernstien: Thanks very much.
Joshua S. Boger: Jeff, I just want to jump in and reiterate two things. First of all we were very pleased with the FDA meeting and actually I think the FDA should take a pat on the back for holding the meeting. This was them getting ahead of what is clearly could be a transformation in a major disease, and they were calling everyone together to hear those opinion, and I think they should be congratulated for doing that. The outcome really backed up every major assumption that we have designed our Phase II program around and the remaining questions cant be answered without data, and thats the data were going to get in Phase II. Were overall very pleased and think this was a very positive step and it rules a lot of uncertainty that otherwise might have remained if the FDA has not taken a step. So, were very pleased.
Jeffrey Porges - Stanford Bernstien: Thanks very much.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hari Sambasivam with Merrill Lynch.
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Yes thank you. Question for perhaps John. John, when you look at the original trials for peginterferon and ribavirin or pegasys and ribavirin, is there some correlation between the patients who are  who have undetected virus at 52 weeks and how many actually stay that way at the end of five to six-month treatment free period. I guess what I am trying to get a sense of is in terms of back filling for PROVE 1, were obviously expecting the data over the next several weeks or so, and I am just wondering from a rule of thumb what should we be expect that PCR negative number to be at the end of that 12-week period.
John J. Alam: So the -- the first question of those were undetectable, I think the question is really how many would we expected to relapse at the end of -- if they are undetectable at the end of treatment, so the data that we have are with the pegylated interferon and ribavirin. It is about -- the relapse rate is around 20% or 80% of those are undetectable at the end of treatment remain so at six months of follow-up, again thats for pegylated interferon and ribavirin. The data at week 12, the published data is using an assay that have the sensitivity of less than 50 units per ml and at week 12 one would expect between 40 and 50% of patients to be less than 50 at week 12 of treatment and again with pegylated interferon and ribavirin with a less than 10 assay, a more sensitive assay which is what we are using in our trial, that number would be expected to be lower, somewhere in the 35% to 40% range. In terms of our own results and our combination with Telaprevir, peg and ribavirin we would obviously expect a substantially higher percentage of patients to be undetectable at week 12.
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Thats great. Thank you.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Hari.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much. You mentioned you manufactured a commercial  or you are going to manufacture a commercial batch you have a formulation for that. How is that different from your clinical batch?
John J. Alam: It is the same. We have a commercial formulation. The actual Telaprevir is the same, but we said in previous call that we have the commercial formulation which is a very minor, very minor tweak from the formulation thats been used in the Phase II trial to date, and that that formulation will be used in PROVE 3. It is really the kind of minor tweaks you have to solidify a formulation for the market, so well be running the PROVE 3 trial with the market formulation, but it really is virtually identical to the formulation were using in the rest of the Phase II trials.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: If I can ask another question, there has been some recent development in the Hepatitis C protease inhibitor field in terms of partnering. Do you see not (inaudible) with interferon as a disadvantage for Telaprevir?
John J. Alam: I dont think bundling is going to be possible since one of them is injected and one of them is -- I dont think bundling is in the future of the hepatitis C field any more, so I dont see any disadvantage at all. I personally see it disadvantage in any attempt to try to bundle a particular interferon with a therapy. I dont think doctors are going to put up with that.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Howard. Richard?
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Werber with Citigroup.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Good afternoon. I have two quick questions. One actually is a follow-up to a previous question. Just so we -- it is for John. Just so we understand, you mentioned that at week 12, 20% of patients who are undetectable end of treatment are expected to relapse. So, if we just conceptually first thinking about potentially for you to file based on Phase II data, does that mean that you and I think previously you said you need roughly 70, 75% SVR rate. Does that mean we need to see at least 90, 95% undetectability at week 12 based on PROVE 1 and PROVE 2?
John J. Alam: Hi, Yaron. The question was on peg ribavirin and my answer was only to whats seen with current therapy. Its a completely different -- it was not intended to discuss what we expect in terms of Telaprevir and peg and ribavirin. In fact, the comment I made is at the end of treatment with peg and ribavirin, week 48 of those who are undetectable, 80% of those patients get to an SVR. With pegand ribavirin at week 48, its somewhere between 55% and 65% of patients with genotype 1 HCV will be undetectable and then of those, 20% will relapse leading to a final SVR rate between 40% and 50%. Again, it is completely different dynamic and set of numbers that we expect with in the PROVE 1-2 trials in the Telaprevir containing arms.
Joshua S. Boger: With a very slow drop in viral load that the standard of care induces in its second slope. You just cant use the rule of thumb in the standard of care to predict that rate for regimen to drop the virus faster. So dont use that number. That number is the wrong number. What is the number well find out. It will be lower.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Maybe as a follow-up to that, its sound like we are going to hopefully see some data at ASLD which is the longer term follow up in the previous Phase Ib and Phase IIa studies and it sounds like youre going to probably discuss them tomorrow morning. Are we going to see some 48-week follow-ups so we can start look at ultimately what the relapse rates are?
John J. Alam: Well, what -- there will be data on the follow-on therapy with -- in from both of the 14-day and the 28-day combination studies, and, yes, we will talk about it after the press release goes out tomorrow morning.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Okay. Just a final question from me. There has been a lot of discussion recently about rashes based on some websites which obviously are never substantiated. I just wonder if Vertex has any public comment to make about that.
John J. Alam: As is consistent with our overall policy, I cant comment on any of the specifics of ongoing blinded studies. As I said in my prepared remarks, our first safety analysis will be in December when we look at the first 80 patients, and then otherwise I will just say that just remember with the rash that you do see it with Peg and ribavirin. Its seen in about the quarter of all patients who are cheated with pegylated interferon and ribavirin, and its clear that there are patients who have to discontinue treatment because of whats so-called ribavirin rash, and that may run in the 1% to 2% range of patients who are treated with. Again, this is not peg and ribavirin, pegylated interferon and ribavirin.
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Thank you, John.
Lynne H. Brum: Thanks Yaron.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Zhang with Prudential.
Jason Zhang  Prudential: John, did I hear you right that you said you started a trial or study with ritonavir and if it is true can you give us some little more detail?
John J. Alam: Hi, Jason. We have what is ongoing is a -- what we had said we would start in the fourth quarter, a multi-dose pharmacokinetic drug-drug interaction study in healthy voluntaries all through ritonavir and with low dose ritonavir with Telaprevir. Its a two-week dosing regimen study, and its really to establish as you know, we had a single dose study that we had completed in the first half of the year that did show some increases in blood levels when low dose ritonavir was administered with Telaprevir, and we need to confirm that in a multi-dose study to really talk to understand fully what level of increase in blood levels and half life we would see. Once we have that data, we can talk more specifically about the opportunities and how we go forward. Its a study that were doing regardless because in the HIV co-infected population were obviously going to have to understand that drug-drug interaction between low dose ritonavir and Telaprevir.
Jason Zhang  Prudential: Do you have any kind of hurdle that you will have to meet for you to make a clinical decision meaning, okay, you look at PK, look at a lot of blot level concentration, but what would be the comfortable level for you to see this will help or (inaudible) and you dont have to worry about it in the future.
John J. Alam: Were making no assumptions of what kind of changes in blood levels were going to see, and were doing this study. We have to do this study regardless. Well see how the data come out and based on that well make a decision of how we would go forward in the non-HIV co-infected population, and then again regardless we need to understand this to do any work in the HIV co-infected population.
Jason Zhang  Prudential: Okay. Thanks.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Two quick questions. First off, on the FDA panel, seemed like there was a lot of confusion about what even defined the refractory patient, and what would be necessary to complete a study in the refractory patient population. Do you feel comfortable that you have the guidance you need to start Prove 3 and use that as a registration study?
John J. Alam: Hi, Steve. Yes, yes.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: And then what will be your definition of refractory patients?
John J. Alam: It will be a very broad-based definition of treatment failures. We are rather than -- I mean a lot of discussion in the advisory committee discussion really was a very much I think a -- somewhat of an academic discussion if you really wanted to understand certain aspects of who is a responder and who is not a responder and what kind of response you would see with novel therapy, from a clinical practice standpoint in the real world, you often dont understand exactly what the responses were during the prior course, during the first course with peg and ribavirin, because theyre not monitored that carefully. That was really part of the reason why that was there was so much confusion around it. We are working towards kind of cutting through the more scientific aspects or academic aspects of that and focus on what the real world patient who simply failed peg and ribavirin looked like, and thats what were going to include broadly in PROVE 3.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: And just a separate question on the manufacturing front. I think last quarter you guys said that manufacturing at this point was kind of bottleneck towards filing with eight potential bottleneck towards filing with completion registration batches in the first part of 08 and now youre saying the first part of 07. Does that mean the bottleneck has been removed and that you can accelerate filing if the clinical data just as appropriate.
Ian Smith: Steve, I believe I was the one to answer that question the last time. I dont think I used the word bottleneck. So, thats a new word, and there is a bottleneck. Obviously in every process something has to be rate limiting.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Sure.
Ian Smith: Thats not a negative statement. That is how life is put together. So there is very limiting step in everything. I think I believe the last time I said that preparing for commercial launches is the -- really the time limiting factor, and manufacturing and inventory build for commercial launch. Its not the registration batches that are limiting.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Just getting enough drug on board, and thats still out there with your goal of completing that by first part of 08? Is that a fair way to put it?
John J. Alam: I dont think weve given a goal on that. We said we are consistent with NDA, and in 2008, and a launch subsequently, so we had some optimistic internal projections of how well this drug might do. Obviously the data is going to determine -- is going to determine the size of the launch, but in any case, its likely to be the getting ready for a commercial launch that is in the end the time-limiting factor for the whole program, and the clinical program will be busy most of that time with both required clinical studies and clinical studies that will fill out the picture on Telaprevir. Remember it s not about getting a drug approved. Its about getting a drug used, and thats providing all the clinical data that physicians need and all kinds of populations, and were committed to having that information available at launch.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Just a couple of quick ones. One additional thing that came out of the FDA discussion was the role of ribavirin, and my take on what they came to is that it was certainly necessary to study which is very much how you positioned your studies and as I recall there is one arm in PROVE 3 that would enable an assessment ex ribavirin. I was wondering if youre still plan to go include it that way. Just a quick follow-up on ritonavir study, is that data that you would potentially share with us John sometime in the first half of next year?
John J. Alam: Hi, Meg. On the first question, yes, we are across our studies the majority of the arms have both pegylated interferon and ribavirin and consistent with the perspective thats kind of the first step out. The study, we do have one arm without any ribavirin actually in PROVE 2 in the European treatment nave study, and there is a 80-patient arm which is match to an 80-patient arm of three drugs for 12 weeks duration, so Telaprevir, peg interferon, ribavirin for 12 weeks, 80 patients and one arm of Telaprevir and peg interferon without ribavirin in 80 patients. On the ritonavir boosting, I think what we would communicate around is really what our steps forward would be and what our strategy in that area and then its really based on the results of that study that will guide us both in the HIV co-infected population and in the non-HIV co-infected and in the mono infection population how we would see low dose ritonavir playing out in either one of those two contexts.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: That was helpful. If I could just ask quick one to Ian, should we expect the revenues from J&J to kind of approximate what you saw in Q3 on a go-forward basis or will that be a little bit have more variance to it?
Ian Smith: Thanks for the question, Meg. The revenues you saw in Q3, the base level of revenues, there are further revenue that can be achieved under the collaboration, and those relate to achieving milestones at the compounded bunches, so looking at Q3 as a base, thats fair to look at.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Lynne H. Brum: Thanks Meg. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Annabel Samimy with UBS.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Hi, thanks. A couple of quick questions and other one on ritonavir. Is there anything that we can extrapolate from the ritonavir and HIV that you might expect for the boosting you could get for VX-950? The concern is three times a day dosing is hard for compliance, and have you had, you know, has ritonavir helped HIV in that way?
John J. Alam: Hi, Annabel. This is John. There is no specific way to come to one number, and thats why were really doing the study, and that weve held off on discussing what the opportunities or potential might be until we have those results. With any of the HIV protease inhibitors with low ritonavir, each one has a different level of boosting across the entire spectrum of PIs. I will also just say that for a -- in distinction to HIV, again, we are dealing with here with a defined duration of treatment. Its not chronic dosing, and we believe that with the formulation that we have which leads to two tablets, every eight hours, I would say thats a very reasonable regimen to take for 12 to 24 weeks, and it wont be -- it should not be particular issue, and it is a very practical regimen for patients to take for one duration, one time, to with the objective of eradicating the virus forever.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. And another quick question regarding the current PROVE 1 study. Are you currently conducting EKG studies throughout the whole entire PROVE 1 study or obvious studies going to hold off until -- are the QTC studies covering that?
John J. Alam: Were not doing EKGs on an ongoing basis in PROVE 1 -- in the PROVE studies. We did do extensive digital electro cardiograms in the original controlled environment of the original stage 1 studies in both healthy voluntaries and in HCV patients. There was absolutely no signal or concern that came out of those studies. Were doing this study because it is a requirement in the U.S. to do these studies. Its a prior to Phase III for all our understanding is all small molecule inhibitors, whether there is a risk identified or not, and were not doing it because there is any particular concerns in any of the earlier studies. In fact, its quite the opposite. The results we have did not suggest any concerns with regard to cardiovascular safety.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Great. Thank you.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Annabel. Another time check, I think we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Witzke with Banc of America.
David Witzke - Banc of America: Thanks. Good afternoon. A couple of quick financial questions, Ian, R&D came in a bit lower than our expectations. Do you still see R&D in the 375 to 395 range?
Ian Smith: Hi, David. The guidance for R&D was still in that 375 to 395 range. Remember that guidance is the GAAP range, and therefore also includes stock-based compensation.
David Witzke - Banc of America: And then 
Ian Smith: Actually, David, I am not sure how you follow your own numbers, but if you wanted to exclude the stock-based compensation, the guidance is actually $347 million to 367 for the full year.
David Witzke - Banc of America: Thats helpful. And is there a milestone payment on the start of a non-responder Phase II this quarter of size?
Ian Smith: We dont specifically disclose the individual milestones. We have the possibility of achieving a milestone under the J&J collaboration this year, and thats built into our financial guidance.
David Witzke - Banc of America: Finally on the commercial formulation, should we assume its the same chemical isoform or polymer or did the crystal structure change?
John J. Alam: No, its exactly the same.
David Witzke - Banc of America: Thank you.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Your final question comes from Adam Cutler with JMP Securities.
Adam Cutler - JMP Securities: Thanks for taking the question. I am wondering if you can just comment on the pace of enrollment? It sounds like its going quite well. Is that something we can consider or run rate or is this ahead of or behind your expectations?
John J. Alam: For PROVE 2?
Adam Cutler - JMP Securities: Right.
John J. Alam: Our -- we are  its basically in line with our expectations. Were targeting completing enrollment in PROVE 2 within this quarter before the end of the year.
Adam Cutler - JMP Securities: Okay. Thanks. Maybe one other question if I may, it did seem like that one thing that came out of the FDA advisory committee was that the FDA would potentially be open to studies looking at more than one investigational agent in the same study. Is that something that you would consider at some point?
John J. Alam: Yes.
Adam Cutler - JMP Securities: Okay. Is that something you would consider prior to your NDA filing or is that more of a Phase IV type of thing in your mind?
John J. Alam: I think it really depends on the pace of evolution of the other therapies that we might want to combine with, and there is a -- it is a -- there is a lot of different things that play into that. Competition, the safety profiles of the additional stat C agents that we might want to look at and specifically some of the preliminary inhibitors and how they evolve, but there needs to be agents that have sufficient antiviral activity on their own and have a safety profile that doesnt otherwise put at risk the NDA program that weve put together.
Adam Cutler - JMP Securities: Okay. And then one last question. Just to ask the ritonavir question from another angle, if youre ritonavir  your early ritonavir studies do seem to indicate that boosting with ritonavir would allow for BID dosing, is that something you would consider incorporating into your Phase III?
John J. Alam: Again, our primary strategy here is with the formulation that we have in the treatment regimen that we have which is two 375-milligram tablets given every eight hours which again for a 12-week regimen in a serious disease indication, one-time treatment is a very practical reasonable regimen, and its been shown in the HIV arena that for 12-week duration, compliance is very good over that time period, so we dont feel compelled to look at additional dosing regimens within the Phase III program. How we again move forward specifically with low dose ritonavir and how that fits into our next stages of clinical programs would really including the Phase III program will completely depend on the results that we see from the ongoing study.
Adam Cutler - JMP Securities: Thanks a lot.
Lynne H. Brum: Thank you, Adam. And Richard, we would like to conclude the call now and thank everyone for joining us. The IR team will be in our office tonight to answer any follow-up questions. Good night, everyone.
Operator: That concludes todays third quarter results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynne Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications   Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President   John J. Alam - Executive Vice President, Medicines Development, and Chief Medical Officer   Dr. Joshua S. Boger - Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President
Analysts: Jason Zhang - Prudential Equity   Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffrey   Yaron Werber - Citigroup   Joshua Schimmer - Cowen & Company   Andrew McDonald - Thinkequity   Richard Smith - JPMorgan   Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley   Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs   George Fulop - Needham & Company   Annabella Simini - UBS   Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch   David Witzke - Banc of America   Howard Liang - Leerink Swann   Adam Cutler - JMP Securities   Bob Al (ph) - Wall Street
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ashley and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operators Instructions] Thank you, Ms. Brum, you may begin your conference.
Lynne Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications: Thank you, Ashley. Good afternoon. This is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications at Vertex. On behalf of senior management team, I thank everyone for joining us today. After get started I'll remind you that information discussed on this conference call may consist of forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. During this call, we'll discuss financial results using both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures is available in our second quarter 2006 financial press release. At this time, Vertexs second quarter 2006 financial press release has been issued. Please visit our website at www.Vertex.com to listen to the conference call and view a power point presentation via the internet or download a podcast MP3 file. A replay of the conference call will be available via the internet until the end of the day, August 9th. Our second quarter performance was marked by continued advancement of VX-950, our investigational HCV Protease Inhibitor with a presentation of key data at two medical conferences, the initiation of our global Phase IIb development program, the PROVE studies, and the signing of a major collaboration with Janssen Pharmaceutica, a J&J Company. In additions with significant achievements of VX-950, we made additional progress in other areas of our pipeline, including the initiation of a Phase I clinical trial and the fast track designation of VX-770 in Cystic Fibrosis and the initiation of Phase II development with VX-680 in colon cancer by Merck. We also announced that Merck has begun patient enrollment in its second Phase II clinical trial of VX-680 in lung cancer today. Joining me in the call is Vertexs Chief Financial Officer, Ian Smith, who will review our second quarter results, discuss the financial impact of our VX-950 collaboration with J&J and the 2006 financial guidance. Then Dr. John Alam Vertexs Chief Medical Officer will provide an update on VX-950 and other programs in development, and then Dr. Joshua Boger Vertexs President and CEO will provide a perspective on Vertex's recent corporate advancements. Over to you, Ian.
Ian F. Smith - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President: Thanks Lynne. The first six months of 2006 provided a significant amount of new data relating to our development programs. In particular, new data for VX-950, including clinical advancements of the compound and new data on the evolving competitive landscape. These each point to greater visibility of VX-950's opportunity. Later, Ill provide detail around the financial commitment behind this opportunity, as well as the significant financial contribution expected from our collaboration with J&J. I'll first review the financial results for the second quarter. These results are characterized by a prioritization within our development portfolio and an increase of development investment directed towards VX-950. As we prepare for and commence later and larger scale clinical trials. The second quarter lost before charges for stock compensation and restructuring was $65.6 million or $0.60 per share compared to a prior year loss before charges of $41.6 million or $0.51 per share. Our Second quarter 2006 GAAP net loss was $77.7 million or $0.72 per share compared to the prior year net loss of $41 million or $0.50 per share. The 2006 GAAP net loss includes $11.6 million of the stock-based compensation. Total revenues for the quarter were $29.7 million compared to $32.3 million in the prior year. The 2006 revenues reflected decreasing research collaborative revenue. Specifically, revenue from our Nevadas collaboration decreased in the second quarter as we reduced research activity dedicated to this collaboration. This change is consistent with the advancement of our business. We advanced to a point where research-based revenue will become smaller component of our R&D collaborative revenue. With the signing of VX-950 collaboration, we now anticipate higher levels of revenue and funding to be derived from collaborations that support our development programs including development reimbursements and milestones as compounds advance. Combining these development-based revenues with continuing HIV product royalties, we expect to continue to receive significant funding that will provide support to our R&D investment. Our second quarter 2006 R&D investment was $91.3 million including $9.8 million of stock-based compensation, compared to $59.4 million in the second quarter of 2005. This investment reflects increase and expanded development activities associated with the PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 studies for VX-950. The increased investments in other pipeline opportunities, including a Phase I clinical trial with VX-770 in cystic fibrosis and preparation for further studies with VX-702 in rheumatoid arthritis. We've also made decisions defer certain non-deactivities into later periods, to a prioritization of resources towards VX-950. In addition to our clinical investment to support 950, we have increased our CMC investment in order to manufacture drug product to support our PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 studies and to build a reliable supply chain for the manufacture of commercial product. Turning now to research, we continued to invest relatively consistent compared to previous quarters and the second quarter of 2005. Our SG&A expense for 2006 was $14.4 million, which had increased over 2005 and is reflective of increased investment to support the growth of our business. Now to the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter of 2006 with approximately $316 million in cash, cash equivalent, and available sales securities. This amount does not including the $165 million upfront payment from our J&J collaboration that was received in early July. As a result, we begin the third quarter with close to $480 million of cash, cash equivalents and available sales securities following the receipt of this payment. Additionally, we have $42.1 million in convertible debt due 2007 and approximately $118 million due of convertible debt due in 2011. The 2011 debt has a conversion price of $14.94 and is callable after February 2007. In summary, we began the third quarter in an improved and stronger financial position and we expect to continue to receive significant revenues from development collaboration and HIV royalties that will provide important funding to our business. Now to our new collaboration with J&J. The signing of the J&J collaboration is important to enhancing the success of VX-950. It brings important capabilities and resources to Vertex and will provide a significant financial contribution. The financial terms are commensurate with the opportunity and importantly, Vertex retains North American rights and a significant share of the commercial economics in other territories outside North America. In summary, in terms of the collaboration include a total of $545 million in upfront and potential milestone payments consisting of the following: a $165 million upfront payment, which was received in early July, an additional $380 million in milestone payments subject to the successful development and launch of VX-950 in multiple countries, a 50% reimbursement of global development costs incurred by Vertex, and a tiered royalty percentage in the mid-20s subject to the successful commercialization of VX-950 in J&J's territory. J&J has also agreed to pay firm third party royalty in its territories. Ill make a brief comment on the accounting for the main elements of the collaboration, as many of you have been asking. Firstly, the upfront payment we expect to amortize the upfront payment over several years as we continue to be involved in the development and commercialization of VX-950. Next, we expect to recognize milestone payments upon achievement of these at-risk substantive events and we expect to recognize the revenue for development cost reimbursements as we incur development costs. In total, we would expect to recognize approximately $70 million in collaborative revenue in 2006 from the J&J collaboration. This amount is included in our revenue guidance for the year. Now for the full-year 2006 guidance. I'll first state that we reaffirm the revenue guidance we provided earlier this year. The revenue guidance a range of $210 to $235 million and we're well on track to achieving that target. However, we have accelerated and expanded VX-950 clinical program, the investment into the supply chain, and we have prioritized sales and development activity while deferring others. As a result, we have made adjustments to our 2006 R&D and loss guidance. Our guidance for R&D expense has increased by $25 million to a new range of $375 million to $395 million, or $344 to $364 million excluding stock-based compensation. The increase in R&D expense impacts our full-year loss, although, our strengthening revenue profile offsets some of the R&D increase. We now anticipate our loss, excluding stock-based compensation and restructuring charges, will increase from a previous range of $165 million to $185 million to a new range of $180 million to $195 million. We expect our full-year 2006 GAAP loss will be in the range of $222 million to $237 million. The GAAP loss is an increase from the prior range and is expected to include approximately $42 million of stock-based compensation and restructuring charges. Importantly, although we are increasing our 2006 full-year loss guidance, we expect to finish 2006 in a stronger financial position than we previously guided. As a result of the $165 million payment received from J&J, we are now in a position to have in excess of $400 million of cash, cash equivalents, and available sales securities at year-end compared to our previous guidance of $300 million. In summary, with a strong cash position, we can focus on maximizing the opportunity with VX-950 by increasing our investment in developments and manufactured 950 to advance the program as rapidly as possible. I'll now turn the call over to John.
John J. Alam - Executive Vice President, Medicines Development, and Chief Medical Officer: Thank you, Ian. VX-950, which now goes by the generic name (indiscernible) is obviously the major focus of our clinical development activities. In the second quarter alone, we made significant progress with VX-950. We presented data on this compound at ESAL and DDW, two major HCV conferences. We also held two conference calls that highlighted progress in VX-950, the initiation of our global Phase IIb program and the strategic collaboration with J&J. Therefore my prepared remarks will be brief and focus an updates in our clinical development program. The most important clinical news in the quarter was initiation of the PROVE 1 study as part of a global Phase IIb program for VX-950. This global program will examine multiple regiments of 12 weeks of VX-950 based therapy to address the question of what SVR rate can be achieved with 12 weeks of dosing, that's creating multiple avenues for clinical success and more than one potential path to our NDA. The PROVE 1 study is actively enrolling up to 260 treatment patients at approximately 30 centers in the U.S. Approximately 160 patients have already entered into screening, which keeps us on track for enrolling all 260 patients into the trial within the third quarter of this year. As I next review the specific data milestones in PROVE 1, it may be helpful to refer to slide number 16 on our Webcast presentation. First, in the fall of this year, we expect the first clinical results, which will consist of 12-week on treatment data from the first randomized 80 patients. This will primarily be a safety analysis, but will include information on how many of the 80 patient who received VX-950 in combination have undetectable viral loads or less than 10 units of HCV RNA per milliliter. After 12 weeks of treatment with VX-950 pegylated interferon and ribavirin. With the progress we've had in the trail at this point with enrollment and our understanding of the time required to complete a comprehensive safety analysis, we expect to have these first results available in mid-to-late fourth quarter of this year. These data will be important to help us understand the antiviral efficacy and safety of 12 weeks of treatment with VX-950 in combination with interferon and ribavirin. We expect additional data readouts from PROVE 1 throughout 2007. However, the data in the first half of the year will be most important to inform our next set of decisions to a late-stage development. Specifically, we expect within the first quarter of 2007 to have completed an analysis of the three-month post treatment data from the 12-week treatment duration arm. Next in the second quarter, we expect to obtain six-month post treatment or full SVR data from the 12-week treatment arm, as well as three-month post treatment data from the 24-week arm. As a reminder, the 24-week arm includes 12 weeks of VX-950 in combination with standard of care followed by 12 weeks of treatment with standard of care alone. In addition to PROVE 1, as part of our global Phase IIb program, we have also now initiated the PROVE 2 study which is based in the EU and designed to enroll 320 treatment naive patients. The first study center is now screening patients and we are otherwise focused on broad based PROVE 2 site initiation. With progress we have achieved to date in initiating additional site, we expect to complete enrollment in Prove 2 in the fourth quarter. We expect that the data flow from this study will trail PROVE 1 by a few months based on the largest sides of PROVE 2 and the timing of site initiation. A third Phase IIb study of VX-950, that is the one in patients who have previously failed pegylated interferon and ribavirin, these are on track to start in the fourth quarter. All in, we anticipate a continuous flow of data from the Phase II clinical program this year into next year and then will generate a large amount of safety and efficacy data. With a planned progress in the study we expect to be in a position no initiate a Phase III clinical trial in the U.S. in mid-2007 and maintain our timeline for 2008 NDA filing. Our collaboration with Janssen, Tibotec and J&J will contribute significant clinical and regulatory capabilities to our global program. Fundamentally, the collaboration with J&J was established to bring capabilities to Vertex to help us launch VX-950 worldwide. One capability is in manufacturing, J&J has 23 manufacturing facilities across 11 countries. With access to this capability, Janssen and Tibotec a provision to effectively support and compliment Vertex's manufacturing activities for VX-950. Specifically, the global supply chain will enable us to diversify the supply risk and will provide an alternative supply source to develop large product quantities of VX-950. At present, Vertex and J&J are forming joint committee covering key areas of development and niche joint planning activity. We look forward to capitalizing our Tibotecs experience as we advance development of VX-950 in Europe and other regions. Vertex will continue to develop VX-950 in North America and retain North American commercial rights. Turning eastwards, earlier this month Mitsubishi Pharmaceuticals initiated Phase I clinical trial in the far east for VX-950. The start of this trial is another milestone for the program. As a result of our strengths in our collaborations with J&J and Mitsubishi Pharma VX-950 is now being evaluated in clinical trials around the world. Beyond VX-950, we conducted a series of clinical trials in the second quarter across our pipeline. Specifically we successfully conducted a drug-drug interaction study in patients with rheumatoid arthritis receiving methotrexate and then with VX-702, our oral anti-cytokine drug candidate. We also have started and completed dosing in the first two quarters of healthy volunteers in the single-dose healthy volunteer study with VX-770 in cystic fibrosis. We will evaluate multiple doses VX-770 in healthy volunteers in a said single-dose of the VX-770 patients with CF as part of this study in the second half of this year. And finally in the second quarter, our collaborator, Merck, initiated Phase II development of VX-680 in advanced colorectal cancer. And today I'm pleased to announce that Merck has begun patient enrollment in the Phase II clinical trial study of VX-680 in lung cancer. Looking ahead for VX-702, as part of our efforts to manage resources and focus on VX-950 development, we have opted to move to 2007 with start of a large Phase II clinical trial of VX-702 on a background of methotrexate. We remain on track to file an IND in the U.S. and will proceed to conduct a thorough PTC study in the second half of this year as planned. To remind you, PTC studies are now being required by the FDA for all small molecule drugs prior to late stage development. Under this modified plan, we would expect to have additional [INAUDIBLE] 00:03:54 information before heading into the six-month study in patients with rheumatoid arthritis in 2007. Our clinical activities across our programs are robust. We are in execution mode across our clinical pipeline. In the next few months before year-end, we expect with VX-950 to have obtained the first clinical data with PROVE 1, completed enrollment into PROVE 2, and initiated enrollment into PROVE 3 which is as studied in treatment experience patient. With VX-702, we will have filed and opened a U.S. IND and connected the first clinical trial under IND with VX-770 and completed a Phase I single and multi-dose clinical trial in healthy volunteers and patients with CF, positioning us for proof of concept studies beginning early in 2007. I look forward to continue to update you on our clinical progress. I'll now turn the call over to Joshua.
Dr. Joshua S. Boger Ph.D. - Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President: Thanks John. It's useful to remind ourselves that it's been a little more than 12 months ago that we announced the first exciting clinical data for VX-950. Since that time, we've generated compelling data in two further studies in which VX-950 demonstrated dramatic antiviral activity and excellent tolerability. We've begun a global Phase IIb program that could establish for the first time VX-950's ability to achieve high rates of viral eradication with short course therapy in hepatitis C. With VX-950, we see a tremendous opportunity. We also have a deep sense of responsibility to patients, to physician, and to society. Given our extraordinary clinical results and consistent steady progress contrasted with recent deployments and delays from others in the field, we now feel that since the responsibility weighing even more strongly on our shoulders. J&J and Mitsubishi share our vision of the opportunity and they also share the weight of that responsibility. Together, we're committed to fully capitalizing on VX-950's extraordinary medical and commercial potential. We look forward to continuing to update you on the progress of VX-950 and our other pipeline products throughout the year. Lynne, back to you.
Lynne Brum - Vice President, Strategic Communications: Thank you, Joshua. And actually, we're now ready to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jason Zhang with Prudential Equity.
Jason Zhang - Prudential Equity: Thanks John, let me just try to get a little more of the detail in terms of the data. You were about to show starting from the end of the one next year. You said 80 patients will have response data, I guess, and our treatment response data and also safety data in need of late quarter-based year and then you said in Q1 next year year, you'll have three months SVR data about 12 weeks treatment time and also the second quarter six months SVR data. And I'm just wondering for the 12 weeks treatment, are we talking about the 20 patients, we are going to see more patients than what we know before? Just wanted to get a sense of how many patients are there are going to be?
John J. Alam: Thank you, Jason. So we will again, let me just reiterate, the first set of data will be on the first 80 patients who complete 12 weeks on study, which will include approximately 60 patients who will have received VX-950 pegylated interferon and ribavirin for 12 weeks. And that is an ontreatment analysis and we'll have that data in, we'll have the analysis complete and available in mid-to-late fourth quarter. Again, approximately 60 patients and its antiviral activity and safety information with 12 weeks of dosing with VX-950 in combination. I think that by itself is very important information and it is the next significant step forward. Now, going into, and all of that before year-end. Going into 2007, in the first quarter, as you say, the three month SVR data will be in the treatment arm in PROVE 1 where they stop all treatment, including the peg and ribavirin at 12 weeks, and that will be in a part of the leading [INAUDIBLE] 05:03:53 it will be in 20 patients. In the second quarter, we would then have additional data from those 20 patients. We would have six-month follow-up data, but we will have three months follow-up data, or as you say, three months SVR data in the full group of patients in the 24-week arm, which is 80 patients. And then I'll remind you, as we go through in PROVE 2, there are a total of 160 patients who complete, who finish all treatment at 12 weeks and all of that data will be available starting in approximately the middle of 2007 and onward. So there's a very rich data flow with significant reduction in clinical risk at each in nearly every quarter going forward.
Jason Zhang - Prudential Equity: Okay. So again, look at this data, so basically in the second quarter of '07, you'll have three months SVR data from 20 patients who are only treated with VX-950 plus peginterferon and ribavirin and you could make a comparison to some patients who have been treated that way and then follow-up with another I guess three months of that kind of ribavirin. Is that a fair statement? Basically in the second quarter, if you want to make a comparison, you will have data at that point?
John J. Alam: I lost you in some of the numbers, but let me just say. Lets reiterate, in the second quarter of 2007, we would have three-month follow up data from the 24-week arm in 80 patients and six-month follow-up data in 20 patients from the 12-week treatment arm.
Jason Zhang - Prudential Equity: Okay. Okay, good, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rachel McMinn with Piper Jaffrey.
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffrey: Thanks very much. I guess two questions, one on the competitive landscape, I'm just wondering, you mentioned it a couple of times, wondering if you can may be address some investor concerns there related to some of the setbacks for other competitors and how you see that impacting VX-950, particularly on the safety front. And then the second question, I'm just wondering if any of the trials that you're planning or started this year for 950 are going to take a look at the frequency of dosing, the two 8 hour dosing for VX-950 now that you have the background of peg ribavirin. If you going to be examining that at all further.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Rachel.
John J. Alam: This is John again. So on the competitive side, what I would say, I think the high-level summary given the developments in the last few months, I think we -- our position has been significantly strengthened. I think we feel that we're in an extremely strong competitive position both given the developments with us and VX-950 and some of the developments in terms of competitors. On our side, within the second quarter, more data presentations, very strong data presentations, advancement, clinical progress with PROVE 1, PROVE 2 initiating, we would really, I would say extremely rapid encouraging uptake into PROVE 1 to this point and then obviously the J&J collaboration bringing in significant capabilities on all fronts. So, I think we've made significant advancement. On the competitive side, on a number of different fronts, particularly in terms of competitive protease inhibitor programs, they've clearly stepped back. Specifically I think perhaps most importantly with Schering-Plough, given that they have been in other one who are publicly in the clinic, are in Phase II. What they actually in one of their own symposia at a recent meeting at an International Hepatitis Meeting in early July, what they stated is that in their Phase II clinical program that all the patients at doses lower than 800 milligrams were being rolled over on to an 800 milligram dose of their protease inhibitor, which clearly indicates that the lower doses had effectively failed and more importantly in terms of where they stand competitively, that they don't have a dose. At this point, they really need to step back and wait for that dose level to play out before making any next step decisions of how they're going to proceed in that program. Which I think is a major step back for that program in terms of what had been there announced intentions of when their next decision-making time frame would be. The other program is on the BMS side where there is less public information, both in terms of where they had been or where they have been. The published information that we have is that they had -- they were very early in the clinic, at best, and at this point for a variety of -- for unclear, technical reasons, they are no longer continuing with that program in the clinic. I would remind you from what's known about the BMS program in the compound is that, it's a very different chemical structure from VX-950 and, if anything, it's more close to you related to the BI compound which had been discontinued previously.
Ian F. Smith: Well, I think just to broaden out the picture a little bit, and we're not actually celebrating -- we're not celebrating the bad news from others. It really does come down to us as an increase in our relatively better competitive position, just increases the responsibilities that we feel. But we also note that in other areas for us since other approaches to HCV, I have stumbled also in the recent past, including the approach by Anatis (ph) which has run into difficulties related to that approach and really the -- to date, anyway, failure of the preliminary inhibitor programs to really show the kind of data that would make them competitive in a sense, with our protease program. So, again we're not celebrating the misfortune of other, and more saying I think our competitive position is strengthened significantly, which only increases the efforts of us in J&J and Mitsubishi.
Lynne Brum: And John the second question that represent.
John J. Alam: So, the second question in terms of alternative dosing regimens. We are, at this point, the dose level and the dosing regimen we have, right now we're very pleased with the results that we've seen with this with a very strong clinical data across multiple studies now. And we believe it's the right dose and dose regimen to go forward with into the Phase IIb programs. And give us a highest likelihood of success. In terms of alternative dosing regimens, what we've talked about to this point is that we would be evaluating the use of or the addition of Retonovir to increase blood levels of VX-950 and potentially the half-life. We would be evaluating that later on this year, within the second half of this year in a multi-dose clinical study in healthy volunteers. That will provide us information on how much of an increase in blood levels and half-life we obtain with that, and that will guide us going forward into any additional studies we would conduct with VX-950 and Retonovir in combination with interferon and ribavirin, our potential ribavirin as well. In terms of twice a day dosing regimens, I think, we would really at this point wait on the next set of clinical data that we obtain over the next few months. In particular, the 12-week data that I talked about earlier that we would obtain within the fourth quarter -- because I think that will provide us more information in terms of the blood level correlations and what type of flexibility we have in terms of blood levels, strap levels and flexibility in terms of dosing regimen. And so we would not make any further decisions in terms of dosing regimens until that data is available.
Rachel McMinn - Piper Jaffrey: Okay, thanks very much.
Lynne Brum: Thank you Rachel.
Operator: Your next question come from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein & Company.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein & Company: Thanks very much for taking my question. Ian, perhaps you just give us a little bit more financial color. First of all, just on the milestone payments and looking ahead to the balance of the year, you're sticking with your early guidance in terms of the mix of revenue and how that you're going to get there. And then just looking ahead, should we be anticipating that you'll be scaling up your SG&A starting in the first half of 2007 in anticipation of successful development of 950? I mean, you do have some resources to add there and just wondering what the timing you're thinking about that would be? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith: Okay, thanks, Geoff. So first to the revenue guidance as you point out, we are reaffirming our revenue guidance of $210 million to $235 million. And I think the way to look at the revenue number is that there are certain amount of revenues in there that should be considered lower risk. The revenues are generated from HIV royalties or revenues that are generated from collaborations that are already in position. And if you do look at the revenue in that way, what it says is for the remainder of the year, we have to achieve between $35 million and $60 million in milestones and new deal revenue. So we set a strong target at the beginning of the year, well on the way to achieving the $210 million to $235 million. The J&J collaboration was a significant contribution, but we still have some work and that's to achieve a $35 million to $60 million to get within the revenue guidance, but we can achieve that with milestones from current collaborations, compound acceptances from maybe Merck or Nevadas and also new collaborations that we continue to work on. So we feel as though we're well on tracked with the revenue guidance. As far as the SG&A rate is concerned, it's a small increase on prior quarters, just commensurate with the growth of the business. As we go into 2007, we'll have to consider the rate of development of VX-950 and how close and how quick that product is moving towards the market. But there is going to come a time when we should appropriately invest, specifically in commercial activities, to support the compound. And that may be mid-later 2007. We have to see the rates of development of VX-950. That's how we're looking at the SG&A as well.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein & Company: Thanks very much. That's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Werber with Citigroup.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Yeah, how are you doing? I have a question that has to do with, can you just walk a little bit through, what do you need to have done in terms of manufacturing scaleup in order for you to file in next year? Can you just kind of walk us through the process and how much supply do you think you'll be able to launch with?
John J. Alam: Could you just repeat the question, in terms of this year?
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: No, let me repeat the question. In terms of  for you to be able to file by the end of next year, can you just walk us just to what do you have to accomplish on the manufacturing side and how much -- what kind of commercial supply would you envision having early in the launch? I'm just trying to get a sense as to the outtake is going to be fairly significant, fairly quickly as to where you're going to be in terms of full scale at a time once you're potentially launching.
Joshua S. Boger: Sure, this is Joshua. I'm the chemist in the room, so let me start the answer.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Thanks, Josh.
Joshua S. Boger: They don't let me in the laboratory, but I still think of myself as a chemist. The regulations are that you need to establish registration batches and registration batches have to be exactly the same process that you're going to manufacture to commercial scale, have to be -- everything has to be tightened down all the way to the product specifications. And the size of those have to be within a certain factor of your launch sizes. And we have said and we are on track for the beginning of those registration batches of material, i.e., we'll be manufacturing at commercial scale. We're already starting that process now. We'll be manufacturing the first registration batches later this year. So that's the general answer to the question. What I'm not -- what we're not going to do at this point is give you the size of our launch capabilities because, of course, that would be a backhanded way of giving you a sales forecast, which is a little too premature. Just say that we are planning, we and J&J are planning for a very big launch, right off the bat.
John J. Alam: The timing of the registration batches starting before the end of this year is consistent with our objective and our stated objective of filing NDA in 2008.
Joshua S. Boger: Right. And that's if you back calculate that, that's all consistent.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Can you give us a sense as to how long would it take you to actually reduce the three registrational batches? And how long are they going to have to be in stability testing for you to fulfill the requirements of the NDA?
Joshua S. Boger: You need to have one year in life stability before launch and before finaling, and so you can back calculate that.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Is there anywhere you, if you are able to file under an accelerated provision filed with less than 12 months of stability?
Joshua S. Boger: There are certainly ways to do that. I would just say that in any fast program like this, there are numerous aspects to an NDA and they're all fighting each other to get off the critical paths. And so if you pull one of them off the critical path something else emerges in the critical path. So that's certainly theoretically possible, that's not our plan at present.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: And how soon do you think you'll have the three batches completed?
Joshua S. Boger: In time to file the NDA in 2008 with one-year stability.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you Yaron. May be our next caller please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Schimmer with Cowen & Company.
Joshua Schimmer - Cowen & Company: Thanks for taking my questions. John, what do you think the fastest would be that you could generate data for return of your boost in VX-950, and how does the ability to generate that data impact your potential plans to file on the Phase IIb results which will not include Retonovir (ph) arms?
John J. Alam: Hi, Joshua. The net set of clinical data, the net set of clinical data with Retonovir and VX-950 would be pharmacokinetic data, drug-drug intersection data for probably up to approximately two weeks together, when they're given together in healthy volunteers. And we would expect to have that data near the end of this year. We're planning on conducting that study within the second half of this year. Depending on the results of those studies, we would move into patients with hepatitis C and look for antiviral effect within sometime in 2007. The specific design and what the strategy again would be very much dependent on the actual results. Now we have no intention of in our first set -- it's obviously the boosting won't be in Phase IIb and we have no intention or our plans are not to have Retonovir boosting in Phase III. Now the reason why it's not that critical is that it be in Phase III is we have single dose data and the data that we have to this point, while did show some levels of increase in exposure, they weren't of the level that if that is likely that we will need to redo the programs that fundamentally, our view of this drug, the safety profile, the efficacy profile of VX-950 will change when you combine with VX-950. So if you fall with Retonovir, so if you follow that what we try to say, I think it was in and around Eastel, with the data we had available, is that Retonovir may give you some modest increased in blood levels and half-life, which may give you some increased flexibility in terms of dosing regimen. But it's really not going to change a profile. So it's okay in that sense to go forward with the dose level and that we have and go forward into that into the market. Again I would reiterate that the data we have with 750 milligrams every 8 hours is very strong antiviral data, very good safety data to this point. We think it's a dose regimen with the formulation we have, reasonable number of pills, reasonable-sized pills and it's a dosing regimen that we can run with for a long time.
Joshua Schimmer - Cowen & Company: I guess your point may have been more subtle than what I appreciated. I guess, how do you address the potential commercial conundrum where you launch and price VX-950, assuming it's going to be a three-times-a-day drug and then after approval and launch, new information comes out that shows Retonovir boosting can take the dosing to twice a day and you're priced at three times a day, and potentially have your market by a third?
John J. Alam: Great question and that is exactly what our clinical program is really designed to -- amongst other things, to address at this point. We will know well in advance of pricing, which will be at the time of launch, exactly what the profile of Retonovir boost in 950 is. If it is in fact get you to BID with a lower dose level of VX-950, if that's the answer, we'll know that and actually have profiled that far in advance. It won't be on the label, but will be pricing with that information in hand. And if it is, if it's obvious that the market is going to move very quickly to a twice a day regimen with Retonovir boosting, we would obviously price with that in mind. And all of it, the clinical -- well, ultimately, developed a label as rapidly as we can.
Unidentified Company Participant: And just to add to that, we sound like that that's the only way to get to twice a day dosing, there are a number of others avenues that may be explored here in a similar fashion in clinic prior to launch that give us information about twice a day dosing of 950 without Retonovir. All of that goes into then the calculation of value delivery that you use to set pricing. And then you can back fill postlaunch with label information to that effect. But I think the important take away is that we're on top of that commercial problem. We're doing everything we cannot to get blindsided by it postpricing and if you've got any other ideas, send them along.
Joshua Schimmer - Cowen & Company: I wish I did. Maybe one last quick question. John, do you have an update on the patients in the earlier Phase II trials who are continuing on peg ribavirin having finished their VX-950 course?
John J. Alam: We would expect to -- at this point, the original studies are basically done, but they're obviously being treated with longer term duration with peginterferon and ribavirin and we would expect our investigators to be presenting an update on that information in late October.
Joshua Schimmer - Cowen & Company: All right, thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you Joshua, we have our next caller please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew McDonald with Thinkequity.
Andrew McDonald - Thinkequity: Great, thanks for taking the call. I've got several questions as well. First, what is the royalty due to you from Mitsubishi?
Joshua S. Boger: It's an escalating royalty. We haven't actually disclosed them, and are not at liberty to disclose the royalty with Mitsubishi.
Andrew McDonald - Thinkequity: Okay.
Joshua S. Boger: But its consistent with how Vertex drug structures collaborations, we always said a royalty is a priority in terms of the collaborations and the economics. We then look to the other elements, the collaborations such as up fronts and milestones. But we did once again look to it to a significant royalty to provide as the return if the drug gets to market. But we're not at liberty to disclose the Mitsubishi royalty.
Andrew McDonald - Thinkequity: Okay, great. And then maybe you can give a little bit more details on the enrollment in PROVE 1. I know you said you had 160 patients in screening. I'm wondering how many patients have actually been dosed and for how long, if you can give any color there?
John J. Alam: I can't give you anymore information; I can't provide anymore information than what I provided in my prepared remarks. We are obviously, patients are being dosed in order to maintain our target of the 260 patients in the study, fully in the study by and including dosed by the end of the third quarter. You can also, we are explicitly reiterated the fact that we would have the first 80 patients completing 12 weeks of being on study, the 12 weeks of the VX-950 period in the study and have time to do the analysis, which normally would take three or four weeks and still get to having all that data available in mid to late fourth quarter.
Andrew McDonald - Thinkequity: Gotcha. Okay. And then I want to ask you about preclinical toxicology, animal pox. I'm wondering if you have completed longer term toxicology studies beyond three months?
John J. Alam: We have six months toxicology studies ongoing. They started in March in both species and they're ongoing and we expect to complete those trials before -- and have them fully analyzed within the fourth quarter which will support longer duration of VX-950 than three months, which we would expect up to six months of dosing of VX-950 in the treatment failure study which is on track to start within the fourth quarter.
Andrew McDonald - Thinkequity: Okay, that was my final question is what's the design of the PROVE 3 study as you have it now?
John J. Alam: It's a little early. We are -- we're working with investigators, we will, in finalizing that protocol, they will obviously be a regulatory review as well before that protocol is started. As we always do, given all of those discussions, we'll provide more detail on the design of that study when we start the study.
Andrew McDonald - Thinkequity: Okay and then maybe finally, since treatment failure population represents a significant unmet medical need there, could you file an NDA based on the data that you generate out of PROVE 3 and PROVE 1 and 2?
John J. Alam: What I've stated previously, our primary path to NDA, to the NDA in 2008 is based on having Phase III clinical data in the package and that Phase III study would start in the middle of 2007. The key point there is that we would start the Phase III program in mid-2007 while the Phase II program, all three studies, PROVES 1-3 are ongoing. As the data evolve from those studies and become -- including the control arm data -- become available to us in 2008, there's certainly strong data and as you say, I think you're right, Andrew, in particular in the treatment failure study, strong data there would maybe sufficient to support a filing based on that set of data. At this point, projecting out the specifics of how we would -- whether or not they would be sufficient is obviously a little early.
Andrew Mcdonald: Gotcha. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Andrew. May we have the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Smith with JP Morgan.
 Richard Smith - JPMorgan : Yeah, thank you, good afternoon. Just quick question on the Mitsubishi, that Phase I trial, is it Nave HCV patients and if so is it more than just genotype 1 patients?
John J. Alam: It's in healthy volunteers.
 Richard Smith - JP Morgan : Its helpful.
Lynne Brum: Richard, to add to that program, there is a plan to add other genotypes, right, John?
John J. Alam: Yes, we will be -- as we move forward with VX-950, it's clear that the -- based on ongoing data that both genotypes 2 and 3, in fact genotype 4 as well, there's a reasonable high likelihood that VX-950 would be active in those genotypes as well. And we would plan on clinical studies in those genotypes later on, likely in 2007. I think the focus right now is on PROVES 1, 2, 3, generating the data and based on the next set of clinical data, we would look to that will help us design those trials in the other genotypes.
Joshua S. Boger : And Mitsubishi is certainly planning to move into patients as well. But the first study they've started is the normal volunteer PK study in Japanese -- or Asian population.
John J. Alam: And in Japan, the percentage of patients who are genotype 1 is actually very similar to the U.S. It's around 75% and it's really 70% to 75% in U.S., Japan, Europe, in all the major pharmaceutical markets. It's really as you get away from the major pharmaceutical markets that the other genotypes become more prevalent.
 Richard Smith - JP Morgan : Okay, just one other question. With, the kind of Phase III was going to start in '06, now '07. is any reason for that move?
John J. Alam: I think when we went into the year, it was clear that the program is moving in the clinic on track. It's in Phase IIb and that study is progressing as we are hoping and I think between us and GSK, all of the safety and efficacy data that we've seen to this point remains very encouraging. When we went into this year, that's the target that GSK had provided that they would be in Phase III before the end of the year. It was clearly an aggressive target from the beginning. As we've gone through the year and based on the information that we have as we go through the year it's clear that it's not going to happen before the end of the year.
 Richard Smith - JP Morgan : Okay, thanks.
Lynne Brum: Thanks Richard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Ian, could you give us a little granularity now that you've had a few weeks to digest the J&J deal on your amortization schedule you expect going forward.
Ian F. Smith: I assume you're referring to the upfront payment?
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Exactly.
Ian F. Smith: Yeah, I can't give you the specific timeline. I can give you the accounting rules in portion around it which you're required to amortize upfront payments over the period that you remain involved with development and commercialization of the drug. And so weve made an estimate of that period and that we are spreading the upfront over that. Right now, I can only provide you with, it's several years and I'm not going to be more specific than that and we're applying the appropriate accounting.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Several, I guess several implies to me not less than five in that but this goes out to the end of commercialization?
Ian F. Smith: No, not necessarily. It's how you're involved with commercialization. So for example, for the early launch of the drug say in Europe and the U.S., we may have a joint commercial committee to coordinate the launch of the drug. But once that committee dissolves, that would be the end of your involvement. So we're not looking at this through the whole commercialization period, but it's more the period you believe you're actively involved as a partner with J&J. so we have to make an estimate around that.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Understood and then, John, on VX-702, I think you had planned previously to get the drug into Phase IIb later this year, what additional studies you need to do that you had not planned upon before, or it just simply a matter getting the time to check all the boxes?
John J. Alam: There are no additional trials that are driving -- additional trial requirements that are driving pushing out the study of the methotrexate combination trial. It's all based on, it's really based on the ramp and clinical program in VX-950 with PROVE 1, PROVE 2, PROVE 3, three large Phase IIb trials that in aggregate are going to enroll more than 1,000 patients. We looked at where our priorities were. This was another large Phase IIb trial and just said that what's most important right now is VX-950. We're going to focus our resources there. We're ramping up our organization to take on these multiple trials as we're speaking, but the best match for our ramp with the ramp on 950 and then investing in 702 was that we'd run the 702 trial we'd start in early 2007.
Ian F. Smith: It's important to remember that when we gave that initial timing guidance, we were also saying that we thought our Phase II program would be more than a couple of hundred patients in our Phase IIb program. So that Phase IIb program with 950, our Phase IIb program is four or five times larger than we were guiding you to and we thought are early in the year. So it's just -- it really is a prioritization of resources both monitory and human.
John J. Alam: But there is ongoing with 702 weve completed drug-drug interaction study in rheumatoid arthritis patients that was in the second quarter we're on track to file an IND and start the first clinical study under the IND.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Just one clarification on the Phase IIb for 702, is that intended to be an international study?
John J. Alam: Yes.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I'm sorry?
John J. Alam: Yes.
Meg Malloy - Goldman Sachs: Okay, fine. That's all I have, thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Meg.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Fulop with Needham & Company.
George Fulop - Needham & Company: Thanks for the update. In general, do you have a sense of what the total PROVE 1, 2, 3 Phase II program R&D expense, might be a ballpark range for that and second a follow-up on the VX-702 prioritization. Was there any clinical factors or any clinical evaluation of the portfolio risk perhaps into the decision beyond the financial burden? Thanks.
Ian F. Smith: Thank you George. We don't provide individual R&D data around our programs. So I apologize that I can't give you that visibility. In terms of the prioritization, I'm just going to add to what John said before, we're still a fast-growing company with a number one priority of VX-950. And as we have to manage in R&D investment (technical difficulty) the numbers we've discussed today, it's significant. We had to make choices. The VX-702 study that we were considering was a large number of patients and would have required a large number of resources to enroll and to manage that trial. We made choices and prioritized 950 and deferred some of the dollars and used the resources on 950 today.
Unidentified Company Participant: As Meg asked, it is an international trial. It would be a study in Europe, which requires -- it's a different resource requirement and we have experience with that, but it's a significant resource requirement. Again just from a people standpoint, we wanted to make sure that we were on target on 950. That's our number one priority.
George Fulop - Needham Company: All right, thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thanks George.
Operator: Your next question comes from Annabella Simini with UBS.
Annabella Simini  UBS: Hi, thanks for taking my call. My questions mostly all have been answered. But I just want to understand, I think at the end of four weeks, you're going to be doing an analysis to determine whether the various arms continue on 12 weeks or 24 weeks of therapy and I was just wondering, are we going to see any kind of analysis of that four-week data or any kind of RVR data on that analysis?
John J. Alam: This is John again, dont know, there will not be, the four-week data will not be provided. Its actually way the study will be running in terms of individual patient responsibility, there'll be an independent monitor that will provide, that will review the information and just feed back simply a yes or no without actually any of the data of whether she should stop at 12, whether they should not be stopping at 12 and 24 weeks. The assumption is basically that most if not nearly all patients will in fact stop at 12 and 24 weeks given the data that we've had to this point.
Annabella Simini  UBS: Okay, so then the 12-week, the first 12-week treatment data is going to be of 20 in each arm, that are on treatment correct?
John J. Alam: Yeah, but at the 12 week timeframe whether they're stopping the peg and ribavirin at 12 or 24 weeks effectively doesn't matter. And so their data will really be reported as, in the total number of patients who receive VX-950 peg and ribavirin for 12 weeks, what are the safety results and what are the antiviral results in aggregate.
Annabella Simini  UBS: Just going, going back to a previous question for the follow-up data from the Phase II, given that you're not going to be releasing any data until late in the fourth quarter, at medical meetings in the fall, is it primarily the updates from the initial Phase II studies or the Phase 1 studies of patients that were on VX-950 and then remained on care over time? Are those the updates we're going to be seeing, or is it something else?
John J. Alam: You will certainly see that data. I think beyond that at this point, all the abstracts have been submitted at ASLD and by ASLD policy we actually can't talk about what's going to be presented there until they've been accepted. And as we get into the fall, into September and we know which abstracts are being presented at which meetings, we'll provide more information on that.
Annabella Simini  UBS: Could it potential will be something from the Phase II program?
Joshua S. Boger: No, from the PROVE 1 study, there will be no -- there will not be any information at ASLD from PROVE 1.
Annabella Simini  UBS: Okay and then going back to another question also, just talking to a number of physicians and recognizing that one of the greatest needs for this type of drug is in the treatment experience population. So if you actually have very strong Phase II data in this treatment experience population, I just want to understand, you could actually include it within your NDA and get approval for both indications, or you're going assumption right now is you got treatment naive.
Joshua S. Boger: No, our objective is to have treatment experience and treatment naive in our label.
Annabella Simini  UBS: For the primarily approval?
Joshua S. Boger: Yeah, that's always been our plan.
Annabella Simini  UBS: Okay, all right. Okay, thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Annabella.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hari Sambasivam with Merrill Lynch.
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, most of questions have been answered, just a very brief question on 702. In terms of the type of patient population you are thinking about. John, is this going to be a post PMS agent population or is it more of a DMARD, post DMARD population could you just talk about who you're aiming the drug at?
John J. Alam: Our primary objective would be in patients who are on, who are already receiving methotrexate and have an inadequate response. It's really the most obvious point of commercial entry is to treat patients when otherwise in the current time there is a decision point as to whether you would go on injectable therapy or not. There's actually a pretty significant delay in many contacts before patients go on to the injectables. And the objective here which to provide an oral, once a day drug that becomes a much lower hurdle than the injectable therapy so that more patients actually are treated what is by, what is a recommended approach in rheumatoid arthritis, which is combination therapy, with methotrexate plus an anti-cytokine in order to achieve maximum suppression of inflammation.
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: That's great. The other question I had was just in terms of subpopulations of ACV, any thoughts on how you address the ALT normal populations, John?
John J. Alam: I think ALT the normal population becomes all that much more obvious for a stat C, a specifically targeted antiviral therapy, one that's directed at the virus to use that therapy in that context, because its all about -- thinking about the disease from what it is which is a viral disease rather than a liver disease that is core, and that with a antiviral agent like VX-950, the targeting therapy based on ALT levels becomes less and less than approach. And it's clear the clinical community is moving to that in any case because ALTs are really not all that informative in terms of histology, but I think what they're really moved to with better therapies, higher efficacy rates, shorter duration of therapy if you are in combination with an interferon is going to be towards treating based on viral parameters. And that is a logical place and I think VX-950 fits very nicely into that.
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Hari.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Witzke with Banc of America.
David Witzke - Banc of America: I had to hop off, so, hopefully it wasn't asked but a couple of modeling questions for Ian. The $380 million in development milestones. Can you remind us what percent is clinical development milestones? And finally not sure I heard the revenue recognition guidance right, but the upfront amortized over several years and the actual clinical milestones recognized on receipts, is that accurate?
Ian F. Smith: Sure. David, the way to look at the $380 million, is firstly, they are all development or approval milestones as opposed to a sales milestone, which you may find in a collaboration. There are not sales milestones in the $380. So they are based around clinical advancements and then approval points in the J&J territories. So hopefully that will help you understand that the milestones do come soon, given the timeline that John's explained earlier. Now, on the upfront payment, I didn't provide a specific period that we are amortizing the $165 million over, but I provided a basis of how we're estimating that period, which is the period of involvement of development and commercialization. And involvement being defined as the period that we work together with J&J, which may be around the initial launch of the drug. And we have to forecast that at this point in time and then update the estimates as we move along.
David Witzke - Banc of America: And is the upfront treated different from the clinical milestones, meaning are the actual development milestones recognized on receipts?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, they are. I'm sorry, if I wasn't clear. So the upfront, the 165 is amortized over a period of involvement with J&J, and then the development milestones, if they're considered substantive and at risk then you record those as revenue when you achieve that at-risk event.
David Witzke - Banc of America: That's helpful, thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks. Couple questions. First, what is the nature of the QTC study that you're planning on for 702 and whether you have plans for a similar study for 950?
John J. Alam: The study is what I would describe, it's really a routine QTC study. It's conducted, there are a set of guidelines by the FDA that -- that provide information on designing such studies. And it's really -- and it is what the FDA has moved to over the last few years, it's effectively from a, this is a highly recommended study to effectively, this is a required study for all small molecules, whether or not there's any particular risk identified for QT prolongation in prior clinical or animal studies. With VX-950, given what I just said, we would guess that would be a requirement for VX-950 as well and it is a study that will be conducted within this year. But I will remind you that we've talked about the issue of electrocardiograms and cardiovascular safety risk with VX-950 extensively. We've actually done intensive digital ECG monitoring in the clinic, in patients previously and there were no adverse consequences, no evidence of QT prolongation, and we view this upcoming study as really a formality in order to meet the regulatory requirements.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Just then on the PROVE 1, PROVE 2 studies, maybe a little bit more color, how frequently are patients checked by the physicians during the study and how often are the viral load measured during the study?
John J. Alam: They're both seen and evaluated with RNA measurements very frequently. This is a -- a particularly in PROVE 1 as our first Phase IIb study, we haven't provided any specific details on that, but it's very frequent.
Howard Liang - Leerink Swann: Thanks.
Lynne Brum: Ashley, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question do come from Adam Cutler with JMP Securities. Adam Cutler - JMP Securities I'm just wondering if you can let us know when we might be hearing about results from the VX-770 studies, VX-680 studies and the brecanavir Phase IIb?
John J. Alam: I think it's a recording question.
Ian F. Smith: I'll take these, the disclosure question, Adam, good to hear from you. So we're not going to commit right now to a time line of what we will disclose around 770, 680 and brecanavir. First of all brecanavir and 680 we are somewhat subject to working with our partners Merck and GSK there. But what with will commit to, is when we have substantive information from the study, which may be later this year or early next year, we'll provide you with those details. Adam Cutler - JMP Securities Great, thanks.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Adam. Ashley, our last question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Al (ph) with Wall Street.
Bob Al  Wall Street: Thanks for taking my call. I have two quick questions. One is, what are the two species of animals that were used in the toxicology study?
Lynne Brum: Issues of animals.
John J. Alam: With VX-950, it's rat and dog.
Bob Al  Wall Street: The other question is whether the royalty payments that on VX-950 to (indiscernible) are they the same regardless of your graphic locations or different from one kind?
Ian F. Smith: I didn't catch your name.
Bob Al  Wall Street: Bob.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Bob. They are worldwide and in certain territories our partners will pay for those royalties. In the territories we're responsible for, we will be required to pay those royalties. They are small, single digit royalties and we haven't disclosed the number, but they are small single digit royalties.
Bob Al  Wall Street: Final question. Are they the same for you, I mean, are the rate the same across different locations?
Ian F. Smith: Yes, they are.
Bob Al  Wall Street: Okay, thanks.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Bob. I would like to thank everyone for joining us. I know the call went on long based on the significant information we conveyed tonight. In the first half of '06 we reported significant milestones and accomplishments. We expect robust milestones in the second half of the year. So, thank you everyone for participating in our call tonight. Good night.
Operator: This concludes today's second quarter financial results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-25 17:45:00) =====
Executives: Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications Ian Smith, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer John Alam, M.D. Executive Vice President, Medicinal Product Development, Chief Medical Officer Joshua Boger, Ph.D., Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Victor Hartmann, M.D., Executive Vice President, Strategic and Corporate Development
Analysts: Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein Jason Zhang, Prudential Equity Group Rachel McMinn, Piper Jaffray & Co Hari Sambasivam, Merrill Lynch  Meg Malloy, Goldman Sachs Joe Pantginis, Canaccord Adams John Watkinson(?), Banc of America Securities  Annabel Samimy, UBS Warburg Steve Harr, Morgan Stanley George Fulop of Needham & Company Howard Liang, Leerink Swann
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Tashiba. Good afternoon everyone, this is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications at Vertex. On behalf of the senior management team, I thank everyone for joining us today. As we get started, Ill remind you that information discussed on this conference call may consist of forward-looking statements, and as such are subject to the risks or uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed for the SEC, including our 10-K. During this call well discuss financial results using both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures is available in our Q1 2006 financial press release. At this time, Vertexs Q1 2006 financial press release has been issues. Please visit our website at www.vrtx.com to listen to the conference call and view a powerpoint presentation via the Internet, or download a podcast MP3 file. A replay of the conference will be available via the Internet until end of day May 9th.  Today on the call, Vertexs CFO Ian Smith will review our financial results. Then he will turn the call over to John Alam, Vertexs Chief Medical Officer, who will provide a clinical update, including development plans for investigational oral HCV protease inhibitor, VX-950. Dr. Joshua Boger, Vertexs Chairman, President and CEO, will then provide his perspective on VX-950 and other clinical advances in 2006 in the context of Vertexs long-term goals. Id like to remind you that on Thursday and Saturday of this week, researchers will present VX-950 data at EASL. For those of you attending EASL in Vienna, we look forward to seeing you at our cocktail reception on Saturday evening. Lastly, before I turn the call over to Ian, I want to mention that our 2005 Annual Report and proxy materials have been mailed to shareholders. There are two proxy proposals. Proposal number one is to reelect three directors, proposal number two is to approve the Vertex Pharmaceuticals 2006 stock and option plan. Were asking shareholders to register their votes. Our annual meeting is scheduled for May 11th. If you have any questions about the proxy proposals or other matters, please contact Vertexs IR group. Ill now turn the call over to Ian. 
Ian Smith, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Lynne. We have completed a quarter that is characterized by increased revenues, responded to an increase in development investment and we ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet to support our forward business investment. The Q1 loss before charges for stock compensation and restructuring was $42.2 million or $0.39 per share, compared to a prior year loss before charges of $41.8 million or $0.53 per share. Our revenue increased by approximately $10 million, principally driven by a milestone achievement for the advancement by Merck of VX-680 into the Phase II oncology program. The 2006 R&D investment increased by approximately $18 million, driven by increased development investment to support proprietary programs and $6.4 million of stock based compensation.  Our Q1 2006 GAAP net loss was $50.1 million, or $0.48 per share, compared to the prior year net loss of $44.7 million or $0.56 per share. Total revenues for Q1 were $39.1 million compared to $28.6 million in the prior year. A $10 million milestone payment from Merck, of which we recognized $8.8 million in revenue in Q1, was the major contributor to revenue growth. During the remainder of 2006 we expect the revenues from HIV royalties and existing collaborations, including milestone achievements under those collaborations, will continue to drive revenue. Additionally, new collaborations will continue to drive revenue growth in particular to those that are focused on our later-stage proprietary programs. Now to the R&D investment. Our Q1 2006 R&S investment, including stock based compensation, was $75.2 million compared to $57.4 million in Q1 2005. This increase stems, (and it will reflect?) increased development investment to prepare for and conduct later-stage clinical trials (inaudible) hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis and the preparation of our first clinical trial with VX-770, which is focused on cystic fibrosis.  Additionally, we have made investments into manufacturing and supply chain management of VX-950. These investments have already provided great returns by producing significant quantities of drug. We expect this broad clinical manufacturing investment to increase as we commence with further late-stage and larger studies in the area of hepatitis C. Consistent with our business model, we expect continuing revenue growth to fund a portion of this investment. From a research perspective, weve maintained our investment at a level that is relatively consistent with 2005, and at this time such investment continues to be significantly funded by research-based collaborations. Our SG&A expense for 2006 was $12.6 million. This expense is relatively consistent with the prior year, when stock based compensation is excluded.  Now to our balance sheet. We ended Q1 2006 with approximately $380 million in cash, cash equivalents and available for sale securities, which compares to approximately $410 million at year end 2005. Additionally, we have $42.1 million in convertible debt, due 2007, and approximately $118 million of convertible debt due in 2011. The 2011 debt has a conversion price of $14.94 and is callable after February 2007. Now to our full year guidance. We are reiterating our 2006 full year guidance, which we originally provided on our February 7th, 2006 conference call. We continue to expect our full year loss, excluding stock based compensation expenses and restructuring charges to be in the range of $165-185 million. We expect full year 2006 GAAP loss to be in the range of $205-225 million. This GAAP loss is expected to include approximately $34 million of stock based compensation expense and approximately $6 million of restructuring charges. In summary, 2006 is a year in which we are increasing our development investment to realize the potential of later-stage compounds. Our financial profile and our business model, which have been supported by collaborations, and which we expect to continue to be supported by collaborations, provide a platform for increased investment. This investment will position us to capitalize on our clinical successes and prepare expeditiously to advance our compounds, including and especially VX-950 in hepatitis C. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Alam, M.D. Executive Vice President, Medicinal Product Development, Chief Medical Officer: Thanks, Ian. Im pleased to provide an update today on the VX-950 development plans, as well as discuss other near-term milestones for compounds in Vertexs pipeline. From where we are today in the development of VX-950, there are really three key questions that we need to address in order to understand more precisely how VX-950 could change the standard of care and transform HCV therapy. These questions are: number one, what is the optimal SVR rate that we can achieve with VX-950 in combination with the currently available therapies? Second, what is the optimal treatment duration for VX-950-based therapy in treatment nave and treatment-failure patients? And third, what is the role of ribavirin in VX-950-based therapy? In Phase II, our intention is to evaluate viral response in a rigorous set of studies that will answer these key questions about the clinical paradigm for VX-950 and thus reduce program risk in a short period of time. While I am not able at this point in time to describe to you all the specifics of all the individual studies, I can provide you with important details of the program and of the data we expect to gain within the next 9-12 months. This program reflects extensive and ongoing discussions with regulatory authorities and investigators from around the world. Were very happy with the progress we have made in designing and initiating this program. When the Phase II trials are complete, we will have SVR information from different durations of VX-950 in more than 500 HCV patients worldwide, both treatment nave and treatment failure patients, providing a robust assessment of the clinical safety profile of VX-950. We will also have information on the right type and duration of concomitant therapy with pegylated interferon and/or ribavirin.  With this global Phase II program we are creating multiple avenues for clinical success and more than one path to our NDA. We remain on track to initiate Phase III in 2007 and we maintain our timeline for a 2008 NDA filing. As part of our global program, we expect to evaluate the potential to achieve SVR in treatment nave patients with a 12-week regimen of VX-950 in combination with pegylated interferon, both with and without ribavirin, followed by no additional therapy. These specific study arms may help to establish 12 weeks as a sufficient treatment duration to achieve high rates in SVR, and also help to understand the role that ribavirin may play in VX-950-based combination therapy. In conjunction with, or in parallel with, the study arms I just described, we also expect to evaluate the potential to achieve the SVR in treatment-nave patients, with a 12-week regimen of VX-950 in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin followed by either an additional 12 or 36 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. While we believe that 12 weeks of treatment of the combination will be sufficient, these additional specific study arms will help us to understand what additional therapy with pegylated interferon and ribavirin will produce even higher rates of SVR. Should extensions of the 12-week VX-950 treatment with additional pegylated interferon and ribavirin prove to give higher SVR rates, this may signal the need to explore longer VX-950 dosing in follow-up studies in nave patients. Regardless, well also explore 24 weeks of VX-950 dosing as part of a Phase II program. Specifically, we plan to conduct a major study that will evaluate up to 24 weeks of VX-950 dosing in combination with pegylated interferon in patients who have previously failed pegylated interferon and ribavirin. The planned Q4 start of this Phase II study in treatment failures will be supported by results from six month non-critical toxicology studies which we initiated in March in two species.  To date, all clinical safety and non-critical toxicology data that we have generated have been fully supportive of advancing VX-950 in clinical development. We have designed the Phase II program to be robust in terms of the number of patients we will enroll, and the scientific rigor with which we seek to answer key questions on VX-950s role in future HCV therapy. We expect that the Phase II clinical program will enroll more than 500 patients and will provide the adequately controlled comparisons with standard therapy. The global Phase II program will generate a large amount of safety and efficacy data and by answering so many key questions, will reduce a large amount of risk in a relatively short period of time. Within 9-12 months, we expect begin to get a clear picture of VX-950s efficacy and safety profile, and therefore its commercial potential. Specifically, within the first quarter of 2007 we anticipate obtaining the first 12-week post treatment information from patients who received 12 weeks of VX-950 combination therapy, and from this gain confidence in the ability of VX-950 to produce SVR, which is the goal of HCV therapy. In addition, by that time we anticipate having treated more than 500 HCV patients with VX-950. With these data, well remain on track to initiate Phase III in 2007, and maintain our timeline for a 2008 NDA. Earlier this year, we said that we expected to be able to get the first post treatment data by the end of 2006. We now believe that we will get this information beginning in early 2007. This is not a delay of the VX-950 program, there has been no change in our NDA timeline, but is a result of our significantly expanding the program. With the expanded Phase II program we have outlined today, we believe that we are reducing risk and creating multiple paths to clinical success. More patients, more trials, more clinical questions addressed earlier.  We are in discussions with regulatory authorities regarding the design of the proposed studies, and we expect to be able to provide more information on specific studies in the next couple of weeks. In addition to the Phase II program I have outlined above, I want to address a specific question that has emerged about the potential to dose VX-950 alongside ritonavir. In the second half of 2006, we expect to being a multi-dose drug/drug interaction study of VX-950 and low-dose ritonavir. We are aware of the potential to boost blood levels of VX-950 with ritonavir, and in fact we have already conducted a single-dose drug/drug interaction study of healthy volunteers to being to evaluate this hypothesis. Although the results of the single-dose study do suggest that co-dosing with low-dose ritonavir might have a future role in some HCV patient populations, these results do not otherwise substantially change our clinical plans as we have outlined. Now, I would like to address the manufacturing program for VX-950. We began increasing our manufacturing capability in mid-2005, based on our anticipation of a broad Phase II program and rapid clinical advancement of VX-950. With these activities, manufacturing scale-up is well in hand. To date, we have made more than 400kg of drug substance, almost 900lbs of drug and more than 230kg of tablets, almost 500lbs of tablets for the Phase II studies I have just described. The current scale of manufacture is approximately 70kg batch size for drug substance and 50kg batch size for drug product. We have begun manufacturing VX-950 drug substance for table registration batches for Phase III studies. We know how to make this molecule on a large scale. But by mid-year in aggregate we will have produced approximately one ton of drug substance and more than two tons by year end.  In addition, we have selected our commercial manufacturers for drug substance and drug product. The current batches of drug substance are being manufactured by the commercial supplier and (technology trends?) which are the commercial supplier of VX-950 tablets is underway. Weve established a supply chain that we believe will support future clinical and commercial demand for VX-950.  Ill now turn to other compounds in the pipeline. First our oral anti-cytokine for rheumatoid arthritis, VX-702. Last month we announced we announced that in the 350 patient Phase II VeRA Study, VX-702 demonstrated clear effects on the signs and symptoms of RA, and was well-tolerated. We believe that data from the study provides strong support for our plans to move forward in clinical development. We are planning to begin a Phase II study to evaluate VX-702 in combination with methotrexate. In RA patients that will be at least three months, it could be six months in duration. This study will profile VX-702 in the treatment paradigm that is now routine for RA therapy. We look forward to presenting the results of the VeRA study at a medical conference and further defining the profile of this oral anti-cytokine. Turning to our cystic fibrosis program, in March we entered into a new collaboration with a Cystic Fibrosis Foundation therapeutic to accelerate the clinical development of our first CF compound, VX-770. As part of this agreement, we will receive approximately $13.3 million in development support through to the end of 2007. We have opened an IND and are on track to initiate clinical development of VX-770 in Q2 2006. The first clinical study will be conducted in healthy volunteers, then we expect to progress the clinical studies in patients with CF by the end of the year. Finally, Id like to discuss our VX-680 oncology development program, which is continuing to rapidly progress through the clinic, including the start of Phase II development which we announced earlier this month. The start of Phase II development was marked by the enrolment of patients with advanced colorectal cancer. The open-label non-randomized study will enroll approximately 20 patients, and is being conducted at major cancer treatment centers in the U.S. Other ongoing clinical studies include a Phase I study of immunologic cancers, and a Phase I study of VX-680 administered to patients in solid tumors, refractory to prior chemotherapy treatment. Looking ahead, we expect Merck to initiate soon a second Phase II clinical study of VX-680, this one in patients with advanced lung cancer.  We believe that the overall clinical development program demonstrates our efforts to establish the role of VX-680 in a broad range of solid tumors and immunologic cancers. In June in Atlanta, researchers will present the first clinical data for VX-680 in solid tumors at ASCO. I look forward to continuing to update you on our clinical progress throughout the year. I will now turn the call over to Josh.
Joshua Boger, Ph.D., Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John. As you heard, there is a lot going on in Vertex right now, from all aspects of the business. With continued execution, well have important news flow and data throughout the rest of the year, positioning us to enter 2007 with an advanced pipeline of potentially transformational products. If you take VX-950 as an example, the advances of just the past year are stunning. In the spring of 2005 we began to share with you the first very exciting clinical data for VX-950. Since that time, we have completed two additional clinical trials, the results of which have illuminated the opportunity to redefine the treatment of a serious and highly prevalent disease. We expect that by early 2007, approximately 500 patients will have been dosed with VX-950.  The studies we have described today plus additional studies we have planned, provide us with multiple avenues to create value with VX-950. There are more than 3 million patients in the United States with chronic hepatitis C. We estimate there are about 800,000 of those patients who are already diagnosed and are candidates for VX-950-based treatment regimens. VX-950 is our highest priority. We believe it is a tremendous commercial opportunity for VX-950, we have an obligation to development VX-950 as quickly as possible. Late-stage development of VX-950 is a significant undertaking. Vertex has the resources, talent and infrastructure to succeed and we are committed to doing so for patients, physicians and Vertex shareholders. In addition to VX-950, our pipeline of Vertex-led and collaborator-led products continues to advance. We expect to gain clinical data this year that will help us to define the potential of drugs targeting large medical areas, such as rheumatoid arthritis, cystic fibrosis, cancer, HIV and pain. Stay tuned for data from these programs throughout the year. Lynne, back to you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you Joshua. Tashiba, we are ready for our questions. 
Questions and Answers:
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
Q  Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question. Just a couple of follow-on questions on the 950 program, its been very helpful. Could you give us a little sense, John, of the control arm, what you expect to have in the Phase II study and then where that might lead to in Phase III? Specifically, could you address whether we need to wait 18 months after the last patient has entered the study to establish the benefit based on 12 months of standard care plus six months to a CR? Then secondly, whether youve had any discussions yet with the regulators about pulling back the SVR point from six months to three months based on the more sensitive assay? That would be helpful, thanks.
A  John Alam: Thanks, Jeff. With regard to proceeding to Phase III, as weve talked about, our plan for moving to Phase III will be based on the follow up data on the VX-950 specific arms. The primary reason to have the control arm in the Phase II study in treatment naves is to look at the safety comparison, specifically within the first three months of dosing, of a combination of VX-950, pegylated interferon plus or minus ribavirin is relative to pegylated interferon and ribavirin. We will follow out the control arm and we will have the SVR comparison to finish out the study and have the full result, bt the driver and the decision to move into Phase III will be based on the safety comparison to the control arm, and then the follow up data and the SVR data within the VX-950 containing arms. In terms of defining SVR, by three months or six months of follow up, as we have said our expectation is for registration, that the endpoint will be six months of follow-up. Thats the precedent thats been stated and we dont believe that that will change, and our plans for NDA in 2008 does not contemplate anything otherwise for the registration endpoint. 
Q  Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein: But, John, just to follow up, do the plans for filing in 2008 incorporate an 18-month SVR endpoint for the control arm then in the Phase III, because presumably the control arm is relatively what it needs to be?
A  John Alam: Could you just clarify that question a little bit more? For Phase III, the 2008 NDA filing does not depend on or does not assume that the control arm data in Phase III, if there is a control arm in Phase III, would include all the follow up data in that arm for the filing of the NDA. We will have all of the SVR data from Phase II including in the control arm before the end of 2007. 
Q  Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein: Do the regulators endorse that approach, you not having that control arm?
A  John Alam: We anticipate having the discussion of what our Phase III program would look like and the specifics of the endpoint and the plans through to NDA with the FDA at an end of phase II meeting which we would anticipate early in 2007, based on the first follow up data from the Phase II study in the treatment nave patients.
Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein: OK. Thanks very much.
Lynne Brum: Can we have our next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Zhang of Prudential Equity.
Q - Jason Zhang, Prudential Equity Group: Thanks. Two questions for John. Number one, I know you guys when you try to design your trial you look carefully at the clinical and the biological evidence for your design. The question I have is what biological and clinical data you have to support your new design, which is VX-950 for 12 weeks, put in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin, but then follow up with either 12 weeks or 36 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. What benefit would you gain from that? And what clinical data do you have to support that?
A  John Alam: Thanks, Jason. You had two questions, do you want me to answer that question now?
Q - Jason Zhang, Prudential Equity Group: OK, the second question is the decision that you have to make to go into Phase III, because if I just do my calculations here, the SVR data in the first quarter of next year will be only from the VX-950 12-week arm. You wouldnt have SVR data from the next two or three arms which is VX-950 12 weeks, either 12 weeks or 36 weeks (inaudible). So I guess your decision would be just based on SVR data from your VX-950 12-week study no matter what data you have from the next few arms? Is that fair?
A  John Alam: Actually, the answers to both questions are related in many ways. Because the core of the program for the treatment nave population is in fact the 12-week treatment arm. We believe that all of the clinical and biological evidence that is available with the VX-950 as well as with pegylated interferon and ribavirin, particularly in patients who achieve rapid viral response and what that means in terms of efficacy or response rates, and the ability to shorten treatment durations. Putting all of that together, we continue to believe that in fact 12 weeks of treatment with pegylated interferon plus or minus ribavirin will be sufficient to induce a high rate of SVR in patients who are treatment nave. So, on that basis, that is why in fact we believe that we will be  with compelling data in that arm we would be able to move into Phase III. The additional treatment arms are  in certain ways, the rationales are somewhat different. What they provide is an additional assurance that if, in fact, it is a longer duration of the pegylated interferon and ribavirin to stimulate the immune system more than the 12 weeks that we have in the core arm of the study, if that leads to a higher SVR rate, we find that out. That will help us design any future clinical studies. But again, we believe that the 12 weeks of treatment will be sufficient without the additional 12 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. The longer duration arm is really to address a specific question that may be required in certain quarters, given what we know that the current treatment paradigm is, of 48 weeks of pegylated interferon and ribavirin, what would happen if you simply added VX-950 in the initial phases for the first three months? Would you get a higher SVR response rate or not? It answers a question that as I said I think in certain quarters is being asked, and we may need to address and answer in our development program, so were trying to get it out of the way early in the program so it doesnt really hold up the development path later on. 
Q - Jason Zhang, Prudential Equity Group: OK, so I guess to really make that decision, you have an SVR rate I guess in your mind, which you would consider sufficient to convince the FDA to initiate a Phase III. I dont know whether its fair to ask you what that particular SVR rate  what you consider sufficient, going forward?
A  John Alam: Jason, you are correct, we do have a rate in mind that we consider sufficient to go forward.
Q - Jason Zhang, Prudential Equity Group: Are you in a position to disclose that?
A  John Alam: At this time, Im not.
Jason Zhang, Prudential Equity Group: OK. Thanks.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Jason. May we have our next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Rachel McMinn, of Piper Jaffray.
Q - Rachel McMinn, Piper Jaffray & Co : Yes. Im just wondering can you actually go through the specifics here on the trial design? One is it sounds like the FDA actually hasnt approved the protocol. Is there anything in particular thats holding up the protocol? Can you just confirm that it sounds like youre going to have two 12-week arms with and without ribavirin, and a 24-week arm and then a 36-week arm, is that the way we should think about the study?
A  John Alam: We are on track to initiate the large Phase II trial in treatment nave patients within Q2. As I said in my prepared remarks, we do expect to have a 12-week treatment arm within our Phase II clinical trials. Again, all of that is on track. But beyond that, I cant actually go into any of the specifics of the details. As I said, also in my call, discussions with the regulatory authorities are ongoing and we do expect to provide further specific details of the study design and study designs in the next couple of weeks. 
Q - Rachel McMinn, Piper Jaffray & Co : Then just two quick questions. Is the 500 patients that youre talking about here, is that specifically in nave, or does that include the non-responder trial?
A  John Alam: It includes the trial in patients who have previously failed pegylated interferon and ribavirin. 
Q - Rachel McMinn, Piper Jaffray & Co : Then with the ritonavir comments that you made, youve already done this initial dosing profile, or this initial dosing study. Do you have a sense now whether or not you would have the potential to lower the dosing frequency of VX-950 or even potentially lower the dose? How do you think thats going to impact your Phase III design?
A  John Alam: Yes we have completed a single-dose drug/drug interaction, a pharmacokinetic interaction study. We do have that data and we do have a sense of the level of impact in terms of the dosing of VX-950 that ritonavir would have. We will need to confirm that in a multiple dose study, because the interactions do change somewhat with ritonavir going from single dose to multiple dose. We plan on conducting that study as we said in the second half of this year, but we do have a good handle at this point of, in the single dose, the level of interaction. The results are such that we dont think  it doesnt impact our clinical plan in our path to NDA as we have outlined substantially.
Q - Rachel McMinn, Piper Jaffray & Co : So should we take that to mean that youre not going to be developing VX-950 with ritonavir in the current Phase II plan that you have?
A  John Alam: Absolutely not. Its more just one of the risks of substantial dose changes that might be applied with ritonavir. Its a comment with regards that, we have a handle of what level of impact there would be, and the level of impact is such that they dont substantially change the strategy that were taking in our current clinical plan. I think, Joshua, you may want to make a comment?
A - Joshua Boger: Maybe were answering a question that you and others arent asking, which is always difficult. One of the questions we certainly had was if ritonavir combination has a large enough effect on VX-950, would it potentially require you to restart your whole development program based upon that? What we told you today is the answer to that is no. There may be some upside potential that will be added on to the program, but what were commenting today on is first of all, were on top of this potential, we have it built into our Phase II, and it doesnt in a negative way affect our NDA plan.
Rachel McMinn, Piper Jaffray & Co : OK, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Rachel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hari Sambasivam from Merrill Lynch.
Q - Hari Sambasivam, Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. A question for John. Its actually on VX-702. Youre going to be starting your combination study with methotrexate very shortly. Im just wondering, in terms of a larger picture question here, could you give us a sense of where you think VX-702 might fit? Just in terms of differentiation versus other available DMARD agents that are taken orally, whether is be sulfasalazine or hydroxychloroquine or something like that? And how would you go  you know, Im just trying to figure out as to what could you demonstrate that could be different from those agents, and what else are you planning to show with this particular Phase II?
A  John Alam: Thanks, Hari. Our overall profile, or what were targeting for VX-702, is again in combination with methotrexate because that is where the primary opportunity in rheumatoid arthritis stands today, and that is a treatment paradigm thats most commonly used both with oral drugs and with the injectable anti-TNS(?) agents. What this next trial is going to address is the level of both the clinical safety profile and the efficacy as measured on signs and symptoms in this specific treatment paradigm of use in combination with methotrexate. There is a, as you know  the movement in the field has been increasingly to move away from using methotrexate either as monotherapy or with the weaker DMARDs such as sulfasalazine and plaquenil. Movement is really toward adding anti-cytokine therapies, because both in terms of tolerability and efficacy, the anti-cytokine therapies have shown significant improvement there. What we dont have is an anti-cytokine therapy thats also an oral agent, and thats the opportunity and the potential for VX-702, is to bring the anti-cytokine paradigm on to a combination with methotrexate, but do it in an all-oral combination.
Hari Sambasivam, Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meg Malloy of Goldman Sachs.
Q  Meg Malloy, Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. This is a question for John. I just want to make sure I understood what you said with respect to the six months tops, I think you said youd have on VX-950 in Q4. Then I thought I heard you say that as part of the Phase II program, you will assess the possibility of looking at a longer duration of treatment with VX-950. I was wondering if you could elaborate on how you might assess that?
A  John Alam: There are two specific things. One is that the six month toxicology studies have started, and they started in March. A separate statement was that we anticipate starting the Phase II study in treatment failures in Q4 of this year, and that study would likely evaluate treatment durations of VX-950 of up to six months duration. Then the six month toxicology studies would obviously support going up to six months duration in that additional study.
Q  Meg Malloy, Goldman Sachs: OK great. So it makes sense, I guess, the first place you might look at longer duration treatment would be in treatment failures, and then youll have the data to support if you wanted to study it in naves as well, right?
A  John Alam: Youre absolutely right, Meg.
Meg Malloy, Goldman Sachs: OK, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Pantginis of Canaccord Adams.
Q - Joe Pantginis, Canaccord Adams: Hi guys, thanks for taking the call. VX-702, can you give us your views or perception on the 702 data, especially regarding the very mixed responses on the street surrounding the ACR20s that you saw, though this was only a monotherapy study for three months and you did hit your endpoint? Thanks a lot.
Lynne Brum: Thanks for your question, Joe.
A  John Alam: Ill take a crack at that, and its interesting the way you phrased your question, we all smiled around the table. Its a meta-question you asked, asking us to comment on the way the three of us understood the data. Just as a matter of record, going into the study, several months leading up to the study I certainly said over and over again that we were looking for statistically significant ACR20 scores between 40-60%, and I said in the last few months before data was available that I didnt really care what the number was between 40-60%, given that it was a three month study, and youre on a kinetic curve of expected increasing benefit with time, and three months isnt long enough. Well, we got a positive result, we got a statistically significant on clinical effect, and I think we hit the ball out of the park in the biggest perceived risk in the whole p38 area, which is on liver toxicity, where clearly we didnt have a toxic signal. That, I think frankly, should have been perceived as a stunning positive. I cant comment on the psychology of the street, Ill just say that what our expectations were was that, in terms of the biggest toxicology risk in the program, we hit the ball out of the park. On the efficacy side, we met our endpoint in a study that, going into it, isnt long enough to fully assess the clinical effects of the drug. So were pretty pleased.
Joe Pantginis, Canaccord Adams: Thanks a lot.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Witzke of Banc of America Securities.
Q  John Watkinson(?), Banc of America Securities: Hi, this is John Watkinson(?) for Dave. Most of my questions have been answered already, but I had a quick question on whats your comfort level of the three-month SVR predicting the six-month SVR? How tight is the correlation between the two?
A  John Alam: This is John Alam again. In terms of registration, we are using six month follow up data to  I mean, our assumption is that we would use six month follow up data to demonstrate SVR and thats what we would need to demonstrate for approval and NDA filing. The three-months follow up is really a comment on what data we would use to make a decision to go to the FDA to an end of Phase II meeting and move to Phase III. So that is more our risk, than necessarily a regulatory risk of whether three months or six months would be acceptable or not. In that respect, whats clear from a series of studies that have been presented over the last couple of years, is that 95% of the patients who are going to relapse do so, or more do so within three months of follow-up. There are very few patients who will relapse between three and six months of follow up. From our standpoint of trying to make an assessment of what our SVR rate is, were going to be 95% accurate by using three-month follow up data. We may be off by a few patients here and there, but it really doesnt change the outcome in order to be able to again make a decision to move towards Phase III. But again, we are not assuming that the FDA for registration, or other regulatory authorities for registration, will move that six month time point and we will need to provide that data for an NDA package. The last comment is that we will, in all of our studies, whether we make decisions based on three-month follow-up or not, we will follow all patients for six months and in the Phase II program, we actually anticipate following patients for at least one year post treatment.
Q  John Watkinson(?), Banc of America Securities: OK. So we will get sort of information on three-month SVRs on all the arms in the Phase II trial?
A - Ian Smith: John, Ill take that question, because its more about disclosure strategy I think. Were not making a decision on our disclosure strategy at this point in time.
John Watkinson(?), Banc of America Securities: OK. That was helpful. Thanks.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, John, for your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Annabel Samimy of UBS Warburg.
Q - Annabel Samimy, UBS Warburg: Hi, good afternoon. I had a question regarding VS-950 and the second Phase II study that youve designed. Im still a little confused about the purpose of continuing with the trial for 36 weeks on follow up, with only pegylated interferon and ribavirin rather than continuing them on the full treatment including VX-950, given that youre trying to answer the question of whether a three month duration or a six month duration is going be optimal for these patients?
A  John Alam: Hi, Annabel. Again Ill take a short at that, and Josh may want to jump in at the end as well. As I said earlier, our view is if you look at all of our data, with VX-950, and including the specific viral kinetic data, the time it takes for patients to go undetectable, and compare that to treatment durations required to get SVR, with various regimens of interferon and ribavirin and pegylated interferon and ribavirin in different patient populations, the data would indicated, if you look at it from a virologists perspective and the rates of decline in viral load, that 12 weeks of treatment with a VX-950 combination will be sufficient to obtain SVR. Now, there are perspectives in the hepatology community that bringing down the total body viral load to 10 or 100 copies of virus total in the whole body, this is not concentration in the blood, is not enough; that you need to have something more than that which only pegylated interferon and ribavirin for certain durations give in terms of giving the immune boost to clear out the last handful of liver cells that are infected with the virus. Now, we dont actually believe that it needs that and thats why we believe that 12 weeks of treatment will be sufficient. But there are people who believe that you need this longer duration of pegylated interferon and ribavirin  you dont need viral suppression, you dont need to bring the viral load down any more, you just need this immune stimulation to clear out those last few infected liver cells. What were doing in having that additional arm is basically to address that risk or that question, and it gives us additional likelihood that in fact, whether thats true or not, and if it turns out to be true that you need that little longer duration of treatment, we have to answer and we have it built into the study. 
A - Joshua Boger: Imagine the other way around. Imagine that we dont do this on this as it were standard of care extension now, and we get what everyone would consider to be a very high  maybe even extremely high  SVR rate. Were still left with the question coming from, you know, smart people with experience in the disease, Well I wonder what would happen if you just treated for another three months with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. We dont want that to be hanging over the NDA and hanging over the Phase III design, we want that to be a question that is answered much earlier. It really is a matter of risk lowering, addressing legitimate questions rather than us hedging our bets. We strongly believe that its going to be three months analysis for the vast majority of nave patients.
Q - Annabel Samimy, UBS Warburg: Right, I can appreciate that. I was just wondering  it still doesnt answer why you wouldnt think to keep them on VX-950 for the full six months, just to answer the question of what would have happened if you treated them with VX-950 combo for six months rather than just three months?
A  John Alam: At this point, we have three months of toxicology data and the six month toxicology studies started in March. So it is later this year that well be able to go to longer durations. So again, in the treatment nave population, we dont believe that we would require longer durations of treatment with VX-950.
A - Joshua Boger: Essentially, we are interested in allowing a test and having a test of this hypothesis that there is something special about interferon in very long treatment periods. WE dont believe it, but we are willing to conduct the tests. As John said, to actually have VX-950 along in that same regiment to test a hypothesis would actually be somewhat confusing in the hypothesis. I think there is the data out there, the literature, that actually suggests that in patients who respond quickly, there isnt any increase in response from very high response rates already, in a particular study that shows 88% SVR with standards of care in patients that respond very quickly to the initial antiviral treatment - that is in six months  and 80% if theyre treated for an actual year. So numerically its going in the other direction, were addressing a real concern and a real issue that has been raised a lot, and thats how were designing this Phase II program: to be responsive to a variety of risks or a variety of opinions while still driving our own viewpoint of (based upon?) data, always responsive to data, that its going to be three months treatment and out.
Q - Annabel Samimy, UBS Warburg: OK. And a quick question on VX-702: are you conducting the combo trial in DMARD failures or treatment nave patients?
A  John Alam: It would be in patients who are already receiving methatrexate and have had an inadequate response.
Annabel Samimy, UBS Warburg: OK. Great. Thank you.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Annabel. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Yolanda Johnson of Morgan Stanley.
Q - Steve Harr, Morgan Stanley: Its actually Steve Harr. I think someone put the wrong name in. Two questions, one for you, Ian, on R&D guidance. Obviously this is a bigger program than many had expected say three to six months ago. Is there any need to change or update your expectations on research and development going forward? Then, John, I just want to confirm that as you give out this 2008 guidance for an NDA filing for VX-950 that that is in the treatment nave population, the treatment refractory population would trail that number to some degree? 
A - Ian Smith: First, Steve, your first question: we reiterated our guidance in our prepared remarks today. So no need to change guidance.
A  John Alam: The 2008 NDA filing will assume data on both treatment nave and treatment failure patients in the label. 
Q - Steve Harr, Morgan Stanley: So you would look at your six months worth of treatment and the treatment refractory from your Phase II data, and potentially try to get that in the label? Or do you expect that you would have time to initiate a second registration afterwards?
A - Joshua Boger: The Phase III program would be in treatment nave patients. The plan is to run the Phase II study that we are starting later this year to run a sufficiently large study that in fact it would allow us in the second line (inaudible) pegylated interferon and ribavirin that that would be sufficient to add an adequate and well controlled trial for that indication, and to have that information in the label.
Steve Harr, Morgan Stanley: Great. Very helpful. Thanks.
Lynne Brum: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Fulop of Needham Company.
Q  George Fulop, Needham & Company: Thanks for the update. Can we turn our attention to the upcoming presentations and can you highlight what we might focus on, especially some new data what (inaudible) the presentations at the ESAL and DDW regarding VX-950? Thank you.
A - Lynne Brum: Yes, this is Lynne. Later this week, we do expect to comment on our ESAL data disclosure. I think broadly speaking, we have talked about some of the gene profiling that we caught in the poster, some of the sequencing data coming out of our clinical studies and thirdly its well known that we have a late-breaker presentation on Saturday out of our combination Phase I study. Those three will be disclose by Vertex as we proceed through the weeks. There will be different ESAL embargoed deadlines for different types of data coming. John, you want to say anything about it?
A  John Alam: I think there is a lot of clinical data that will be presented there. I think its worth a trip to Vienna. But to be consistent with the ESAL embargo policy, I cant actually go into whats new in those presentations.
Q  George Fulop, Needham & Company: OK, auf wiedersehen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Liang of Leerink Swann.
Q - Howard Liang, Leerink Swann: Thanks. For the Phase II program for VX-950, will you start all of the treatment arms in treatment nave patients at the same time? In other words (inaudible) patients?
A  John Alam: Again, the specifics of the Phase II program, between the treatment nave and treatment failure of the global program, which will include work well do both in the U.S. and in Europe, the specifics of that, of exactly how well parse specific study arms and where we conduct that we will  as we iron out all of the specific details, well talk to. The treatment failure patients are part of a separate study again which will  that study will start later on in the year, because we do expect to evaluate longer treatment durations of VX-950 in that study. 
Q - Howard Liang, Leerink Swann: Can I ask a question about VX-770: what would you envision the Phase II program to be and what would be needed for registration for that particular patient population?
A  John Alam: At this stage, there is still work and discussion with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, therapeutic group, the CFF therapeutic group, on some of the details of the proof of concept studies that we would hope to initiate near the end of this year, the early part of next year. There are a few major pass(?) with a potentiator compound like VX-770, one is to go into a very specific group of patients with specific mutations that have defects in the channel function that are directly amenable to VX-770 treatment. Thats a relatively small group of patients, then theres a broader group of patients who have some amount of CFTR on the surface, but unlike the first group of patients, dont have normal levels of CFTR and their defect is more in getting CFTR to the surface of the cell membrane. But a percentage of those patients are likely going to have enough such as a potentiator would still be helpful to those patients. We plan on doing proof of concept studies both in a limited group of patients and in the broader group of patients in 2007. I think the design of registration studies and really the duration of studies for approval will be driven by the results in those studies.
Howard Liang, Leerink Swann: Thank you very much.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Jeffrey Forges of Sanford Bernstein.
Q  Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein: Thanks for taking a follow up you guys, I jumped in here. A quick question, Im curious why we didnt get started on the six month animal tox study sort of three or six months ago. Im a little surprised here were only starting in March. And then related to timing, could you give use some clarity on when we should really expect Phase III now to get underway? Previously wed said we were starting by the year end and now it looks like 2007, but Im really trying to get when that realistically is likely to be  is that mid year? Q2? How much of a postponement in the Phase III start date are we talking about here? Then Im still confused on the 500 patients. Is that 500 between both the nave and the experienced patients? Or is it 500 in just the nave? Thanks. Sorry about the laundry list.
A  John Alam: Its 500 patients total in the Phase II program, that includes both nave and patients who failed pegylated interferon and ribavirin treatment. In terms of Phase III, there is no postponement. We have said all along that our Phase III study start would be in mid-2007  what I said in my remarks today is our plan is that Phase III starts in mid 2007 and I provided more specificity in that respect, but theres really no change in our timing. More importantly, I think, our timeline to NDA in 2008 is unchanged, so there are no changes in terms of the plan. What were providing is actually more details in specificity of what we would be doing in Phase II than allowing us to go into Phase III. What you mainly heard is that, relative to six to nine months ago with the progress weve made in the clinical program and the results weve obtained, we feel we have the opportunity to run a substantially larger Phase II program than we had originally envisioned. Thats what weve been working with both investigators and regulatory authorities on designing that Phase II program, the Phase II studies, and we have expanded the scope of those studies up to those 500 patients or more in the various Phase II studies that we plan on conducting at this point. To turn to your first question, again I think weve been pretty consistent that we would start the six-month toxicology studies after the three month toxicology studies are completed, analyzed, which is the normal course of toxicology programs in order to really define your safety margins for ongoing clinical studies. That is to complete both the toxicology program and actually what we also have is really some very good data in terms of what our therapeutic concentrations are in man. The two combined really allow you to plan your chronic toxicology studies appropriately in order to get the safety margins that youd need often for an NDA filing. If you dont get that right, what you end up doing is taking very expensive, very long studies and having to redo them again because if you dont have the right no-effect levels and the right safety margins in your package, youre going to have to do them again, and that would end up delaying your NDA. So yes, we took the time to complete the three month toxicology study, and evaluate them, but I think in terms of the overall program, it actually decreases the timeline risk by having it started at the time we did. 
A - Joshua Boger: I think what youve heard, actually, is the evidence of that. A new piece of information about our program is the fact that we believe now that well be able to have a treatment failure patient study that actually gets completed and is successful, could form part of the still 2008 NDA label, so theres no hit on any timeline by doing these six month toxicology studies when they normally and properly are done in good drug development. Others who maybe have drugs that have to be treated to every patient for six months would be making other decisions. But since we believe that the bulk of the patient population out there  the vast majority of potential patients for VX-950 are patients who are nave to treatment. Thats where we focus and yet weve given up nothing on the timeline to get information on treatment failure patients by running the toxicology studies properly this way. So theres been no delay.
Q  Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein: Thank you very much.
Lynne Brum: Thank you, Jeff, for your questions and thank you everyone else for your thoughtful questions tonight. The IR team, along with John and Ian, will be here a little longer to take any further follow up questions you have. We hope you stay tuned for ESAL and for any other updates on our VX-950 program. Thank you for joining us tonight. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays teleconference. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-09 13:15:00) =====
Executives: Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications   John Alam, M.D. Executive Vice President, Medicinal Product Development, Chief Medical Officer   Ian Smith, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   Joshua Boger, Ph.D., Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer   Victor Hartmann, M.D., Executive Vice President, Strategic and Corporate Development
Analysts: Mark Augustine, Credit Suisse   Jason Zhang, Prudential Equity Group   Jeffrey Forges, Sanford Bernstein   Steve Harr, Morgan Stanley   Andrew McDonald, ThinkEquity Partners   Meg Malloy, Goldman Sachs   Joe Pantginis, Canaccord Adams
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Tonya and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Vertex Pharmaceuticals conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star and then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. Miss Brum, you may begin your conference.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Tonya. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications at Vertex. On behalf of the senior management team, I thank everyone for joining us today. As we get started, I'll remind you that information discussed on this conference call may consist of forward-looking statements and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 10-K. During this call, we'll discuss financial results using both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information on the use of non-GAAP financial measures is available in our full year 2005 financial press release. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing preliminary results from our 28-day Phase II combination study with the X-150. And at the close of market today, we issued Vertex's full year 2005 financial press release. You may visit our website at www.vrtx.com to listen to the conference call and view a Power Point presentation via the Internet. On our website, you may also download a broadcast. A replay of the conference call will be available via the internet until the end of the day, February 21st. 2005 was a success for Vertex. We achieved our research, clinical, and financial objectives. Most notably in 2005, we produced clinical data for our protease inhibitor, the VX-950, that was unprecedented in the field and generated value for our shareholders. We announced today preliminary results from a Phase II, 28-day study of VX-950 in combination with peg-IFN and ribavirin which further highlights potential of this compound to transform the treatment of hepatitis C. With 2006 underway, we are now committed to moving the VX-950 to a broad Phase II program so we can initiate Phase III studies in 2007, further advancing proprietary Vertex compounds targeting rheumatoid arthritis and cystic fibrosis and collaborating on compounds for cancer, pain and HIV, and maintaining a strong financial profile to support continued developments of our proprietary program. In today's call, we'll review our 2005 financial results and provide full year 2006 financial guidance. In light of today's news announcing preliminary results for our 28-day, Phase II combination study with the VX-950, Dr. John Alam, Vertex's Executive Vice President, Medicinal Product Development, and Chief Medical Officer, will speak next. He'll review these clinical results for the VX-950 and the 2006 clinical milestones for our core program. Then Ian Smith, Vertex's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will summarize Vertex's full year 2005 financial results and outline our full year 2006 financial guidance. Then Dr. Joshua Boger, Vertex's Chairman, President and CEO, will provide his perspective on 2006 in the context of Vertex's long term goals. And Dr. Victor Hartmann, Vertex's Executive Vice President, Strategic and Corporate Development, is also here today and will be available in the Q&A portion of today's call. I'll turn the call over to John.
John Alam, M.D., Executive Vice President, Medicinal Product Development, Chief Medical Officer: Thank you, Lynne. 2005 was a very successful year for Vertex. We made significant progress across our pipeline and with the VX-950, in particular. In 2006, we look forward to conducting additional studies with the VX-950 that will support the transformational profile of this compound and also look forward to clinical data readouts from other key program this year. I will devote the majority of my prepared remarks to discussing recent progress and upcoming milestones for VX-950, VX-702, the VX-770, our newly designated cystic fibrosis drug candidate, all of which are Vertex driven compounds. I will begin with the X-950. We continue to execute on a broad development program that is designed to establish the product profile of this potentially transformational compound by the end of 2006. We announced today preliminary results from a 12 patient, Phase II, 28-day study of VX-950 in combination with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. The antiviral activity of the combination was consistent across all patients enrolled in the study. At the end of 28 days of dosing, plasma HCV RNA levels in 12 of 12 patients, or 100% of the patients, were below the limit of detection of the most sensitive available assay or 10 units per milliliter in the Roche-Taqman assay. The distribution of baseline viral loads was typical for a treatment 90 study population. Currently available results indicate that viral levels dropped rapidly in all patients in the first few days of dosing, with continuous viral decline in all patients observed throughout the four weeks of dosing. Specifically, by the end of week one, 6 of 12 patients had HCV RNA plasma levels below 30 units, the limit of quantization, and 2 of 12 patients had plasma viral levels below 10 units, the limit of detection. At the end of the second week, 11 of 12 patients had HCV RNA plasma levels below 30 units, with the one patient who had viral levels above 30 units was a viral level of 43 units. Also at the end of this same week, the second week, 3 of 12 patients had plasma levels below 10 units. And by the end of treatment at 28 days, 12 of 12 patients had the HCV RNA plasma levels below 10 units. All patients completed 28 days of dosing and no treatment discontinuations or serious adverse events were reported. A completely safety analysis is being conducted and we expect to present detailed results at a medical conference later this year. These antiviral results surpass anything reported in the field to date and further highlight the potential of VX-950 to fundamentally change HCV therapy by potentially increasing the proportion of patients that achieves sustained viral response with shortened treatment duration. If successful, this paradigm shift would make curative therapy available to a much broader range of patients with HCV. Our next studies are intended to collect data to substantiate this point. In 2006, we will conduct a broad clinical program for VX-950. We have announced today that we have completed three month toxicology studies in two species. Results from these non-clinical studies support our plan to initiate a three-month, Phase II study with the VX-950 and pegylated interferon, with and without ribavirin, in more than 200 patients. We will submit this toxicology data, along with the study protocol, in the first quarter to the FDA for review. At this time, we anticipate starting the three-month Phase II study in the second quarter following FDA agreement. This Phase II study is the most important trial for VX-950 this year, as our goal is to evaluate the potential of this compound, to obtain SVR with three months of treatment. We believe that three-month, post-treatment data from this Phase II study of VX-950 will provide critical information on the ability of VX-950 to produce sustained viral responses in HCV patient and allow us to move to Phase III in 2007. Additionally, we continue to build our infrastructure to support the advancement of our pipeline. We have recently added several key personnel to specifically help prepare for a late stage development of VX-950 including Jennifer Jackson, VP of Regulatory Affairs, who joined us from Biogen, and has played a direct role in numerous NDA and BLA filings in her career. John Condon, VP of Manufacturing and Supply Operations, who joins us from Millennium, where he was responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Xyacated Integron. At Vertex his responsibility for the clinical packaging and distribution and to build a commercial supply chain for VX-950. Craig Million, our new VP of Commercial Development. Craig comes to us from Pfizer where most recently he was a U.S. commercial lead for Lipitor, the largest selling drug in the history of the pharmaceutical industry. I will now turn to our P38 MAP kinase inhibitor, VX-702. We believe an oral compound like VX-702 could address a significant medical need in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. In the second quarter of last year, we initiated a three-month, Phase II clinical study in rheumatoid arthritis with VX-702 and completed enrollment ahead of schedule early in the fourth quarter of 2005 with a total enrollment of 315 patients. This study will help define the safety, tolerability and clinical activity of the VX-702 as monotherapy over three months of treatment in patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis. We are pleased to report today that all patient dosing in this study, with the original intent of treating 315 patients, is now complete with approximately 275 patients completing 12 weeks of dosing. We expect to report topline data from this study early in the second quarter of 2006. The primary end point that will be measured and reported in this study is a reduction in clinical signs and symptoms of NRA patients after 12 weeks of treatment using the American College of Rheumatology or ACR20 criteria. We also announced today that our collaborated began Phase I clinical trials in Japan with VX-702 in the fourth quarter of last year. Dependent on the outcome of the Phase II monotherapy study, Vertex plans to initiate a three-month, Phase II study of the VX-702 in combination with methotrexate in RA patients in the second half of 2006. We look forward to presenting the results of the monotherapy Phase II study at a medical conference and further defining the potential transformational profile of this oral compound. Now turning to cystic fibrosis. We announced today details of a plan critical profile involving our first CF compound, VX-770, for 2006. We plan to file an IND and initiate clinical development in the next few months and progressive studies in CF patients in the second half of the year. VX-770 is a small molecule oral compound that is designed to potentiate activity of the defective CFTR channel in cystic fibrosis patients. In the lab, using cells from CF patient where there is CFTR present on the surface of the cell, VX-770 has demonstrated the ability to restore the function of that defective cell membrane protein. In addition to VX-770, we continue to advance a research program at restoring the normal levels of CFTR channels to the cell membrane. We announced in January of this year that the CF Foundation would provide an additional $22 million to Vertex to further this research through early 2008. New oral treatments that address the underlying biochemical defect of this genetic disease represent potentially exciting breakthroughs for CF patients and complement Vertex's current pipeline of transformational compounds. In summary, VX-950, VX-702 and VX-770 offer excelling opportunities for Vertex. 2006 will be a year to establish the ability of VX-950 to achieve SDR, to validate the clinical potential of VX-702 and to explore the clinical potential of VX-770. Compounds being developed in collaboration with pharmaceutical companies also have the potential to deliver key data points in 2006. We look forward to reporting all these results to you in the year ahead. I'll now turn the call over to Ian.
Ian Smith, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John. As you may understand, the challenge of 2006 is finance and to focus on these options that John has described. This is a nice challenge to be faced with. In 2005, Vertex took several steps to improve the financial profile of the Company. We raised approximately $175 million in an XT offering, decreased convertible debt by $155 million through the exchange of debt for common stock, and significantly grew our revenue stream, all of which facilitated increased development investments in our key programs. As a result, Vertex now enters 2006 in a strong financial position with operating leverage that supports the development of our clinical products. This financial strength enables us to broadly invest in VX-950, our highest corporate priority and to maintain the trajectory of the 2008 NDA. VX-950 is a program that requires comprehensive and complete investment to ensure its full value is realized and no corners will be cut. Phase II activities in 2006 represent an important inflection point in the value of this compound and potentially may establish a therapeutic profile as we move into 2007. Before further comment on 2006, I will now review our 2005 financial results. The 2005 loss before charges was $147.1 million, or $1.65 per share, which is consistent to $145.2 million, or $1.85 per share in the prior year. The loss in 2005 was characterized by increased development investment that was offset by increased revenues. The 2005 loss was within the range we've provided for the year. Our 2005 GAAP net loss was $203.4 million or $2.28 per share. This net loss includes charges of approximately $48.2 million resulting from the exchange of approximately $155 million debt to equity and $8.1 million of restructuring expense. The 2004 GAAP net loss was $166.2 million or $2.12 per share. Total revenues for 2005 were $160.9 million compared to $102.7 million in 2004. In '05, we saw a significant increase in both HIV product royalties and collaborative R&D revenues. HIV royalties for the year were $32.8 million compared to $17.3 million in 2004, and the product is performing robustly with total worldwide sales of approximately $200 million compared to $115 million in the prior year. Collaborative R&D revenues increased from 85.4 to $128 million in 2005 and are reflective of new R&D collaborations and the achievement of development milestones under these collaborations. Those components, new collaborations, and development milestones remain an important contribution to the continued revenue growth in 2006. Now to the R&D investment. Our total R&D investment was $248.5 million compared to $192.2 million in 2004. This increased R&D expense specifically reflects increased development investment to prepare for and conduct later stage clinical trials of our products in hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis. We expect this trend will continue into 2006. From a research perspective, we have maintained our investment into research at a level that is relatively consistent with 2004 and such investment continues to be primarily funded by research-based collaborations. Our SG&A expense for '05 was $44 million which remains consistent to 2004. In summary, the increase in our operating expense in 2005 was primarily funded by an increase in revenues. We expect this trend to continue as we look to 2006. Now to our balance sheet. We ended the year with $407.5 million in cash, cash equivalents and available securities, $42.1 million in convertible debt due in 2007, and approximately $118 million of convertible debt due in 2011. The 2011 debt, however, has a converting price of $14.94 and is callable after February 2007. In summary, our financial strength and operating leverage has improved compared to the prior years, and we've established a financial platform to support significant later stage product investments. I'll now turn to our 2006 financial guidance. This is again characterized by increased development investment that will be primarily funded by increased revenues and will be supported by a strong balance sheet. Firstly though, I will note that we have considered the impact of the adoption of FAS 123R regarding stock based compensation expense and I will provide loss guidance, both including and excluding an estimate of those charges. We recognize the complexity of this new rule and are happy to discuss it in more detail its estimated impact on our 2006 financial expectations after today's call. We expect our full year 2006 loss, excluding stock based compensation expense and restructuring charges, to be in the range of $165 to $185 million. And we expect full year 2006 GAAP loss in the range of $205 to $225 million. The GAAP loss is expected to include approximately $34 million of stock based compensation and approximately $6 million of restructuring charges. The estimated restructuring charges relate to the imputed interest cost of our restructuring. The loss guidance of $165 to $185 million is an increase over the 2005 loss and reflects increased development investment as we expect to advance compounds in hepatitis C, rheumatoid arthritis and cystic fibrosis. We expect that the increase in development investment will be significant and as with prior years, will be balanced by expected increase in revenues and stronger balance sheet. We are forecasting total revenue to be in the range of $210 to $235 million in 2006. This is an increase from 2005 revenues, and is mainly driven by development milestones and revenue expected from new collaborations involving certain of our later stage development compounds. The components of 2006 revenue guidance are as follows. HIV product royalty of approximately $40 million continuing on from a strong 2005 fourth quarter of $9.7 million of royalties. Collaborative R&D revenue of approximately $110 million. This revenue relates to existing collaborations and milestones that we can expect to achieve under these collaborations. And new R&D collaborations will account for the remainder of the total revenue guidance. Now to the R&D investment. In 2006, we expect to make a substantial investment in VX-950 to support a broad Phase II development program. We expect to invest, subject to continued progress in clinical development, to prepare for registration studies beginning in 2007. VX-950 is the principal driver of growth in the R&D investment compared to 2005 and as I said, a corporate priority. We project that in 2006, the R&D investment, including the stock based compensation expense of $28 million, will be in the range of $350 to $370 million for the full year. Excluding stock based compensation, this is an increase of approximately $75 to$95 million and reflects our commitment, subject to clinical data driving this investment, to realize the full value of our later stage clinical compound. As in prior years, the amount and the rate of development investment, including the preparation for registration studies and the building of infrastructure to support later stage development compounds, will be determined on the basis of quality of data and information that enables us to evaluate the risk of the investment. Now to the research components of R&D. We are expecting research involvement will be relatively consistent with five years and the majority of this investment will continue to be funded by collaborative research-based revenue. This specifically allows us to direct our available capital to the development and product opportunities. We expect SG&A expenses, inclusive stock based compensation of $6 million, to be in the range of $55 to $60 million in 2006. From a balance sheet perspective, we expect to end 2006 with more than $300 million in cash, cash equivalence and available for sale securities. We expect our cash position to be supported by upfront payments from new collaborations and the exercise of employee stock options. As in 2005, we will continue to conservatively manage our debt profile of the Company. To close on 2006 guidance, I'd like to comment on the trend of our projected quarterly losses. We expect our quarterly losses will be higher in the earlier part of the year and lower in the latter part of the year, principally driven by the timing of achieving milestones and new R&D collaborations in the second half of 2006. This is a trend that's consistent with prior years. We anticipate a loss for the first quarter of 2006, excluding restructuring the next stock compensation, to be in the range of $48 to $53 million. And we anticipate a GAAP loss for the first quarter of 2006 in the range from $58 to $63 million. We expect this loss to decrease in the second half of the year. In summary, 2006 is a year in which we are increasing our development investment to realize the medical and commercial potential of later stage compounds. Our financial profile and our business model, which have been and we expect will continue to be supported by collaboration, provides a platform for this investment, enabling us to obtain key clinical data from our drugs. I will now turn the call over to Joshua.
Joshua Boger, Ph.D., Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ian. 2006 has the potential to be another kind of breakout year for Vertex. VX-950 continues to exceed expectations in the clinic. We continue to make encouraging progress outside the clinic as well, in toxicology, in manufacturing and formulation. There is much to be done and it is planned to happen very quickly. Over the rest of 2006, numerous planned clinical studies for VX-950 could substantially define the transformational profile for the drug, positioning us for confirming pivotal studies in 2007 and filing the following year. We are working hard here to make all of that happen. The rest of our breakthrough pipeline continues to advance as well. VX-702 for rheumatoid arthritis is completing a large Phase II trial and we expect to have data soon. We expect our lead oral compound for cystic fibrosis, VX-770, a new concept in treating this genetic disease with an oral drug, should be in patients in the second half of the year. Stay tuned for data from these programs. Collaborative development programs are advancing rapidly as well. VX-680 in cancer, VX-944 in cancer, and VX-409 in pain, and our discovery engine that brought forth all of these compounds into our pipeline should continue to bring forth wonderful new possibilities. We have the team, we have the strategy, we have the plans, and we have the resources to optimize these many potential transformational products. We are excited and we are busy. I thank you for your continued interest in our progress. Over to Lynne.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Joshua. Tonya, we are ready for questions.
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question, please press '*' then the number '1' on your telephone keypad. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Mark Augustine with Credit Suisse.
Q - Mark Augustine: Congratulations on more great news today. I wanted to ask two things. One was just to provide any color, if you're comfortable, on the new collaboration revenues. Specifically, is anything on the table for VX-950 or implied in that guidance? If so, what, or if not, what of the later stage compounds you'll move to might in fact be part of that consideration?
A - Ian Smith: It's Ian. How you doing? Maybe I'll take the first part of that question related to the guidance and then maybe Victor has further comment. Just to reiterate what was on the call, we have provided revenue guidance of $210 to $235 million. I think it is important to understand the components of that revenue guidance. The first piece is $40 million relating to royalties, which is just continuing on from 2005. Then there's $110 million from R&D collaborations and the remainder would come from new relationships. Just doing the simple math, that shows that it could be between 60 and $85 million of new collaborations. What we specifically stated in the prepared remarks is that the principal driver of those new collaborations would be the later stage products. As you can imagine, as the products get further down the pipeline and have greater value, we have greater potential to secure collaborations and generate significant revenue for the Company. That is the basis that we have put together, the revenue guidance for the year.
A - Victor Hartmann, M.D.: And Mark, we will be looking for a partner in 950 in territory that is not a partner, that we know we have a foundation in Japan and other Asian territories with Mitsubishi and in the U.S., and we are looking for a partner in Europe and other available territories. We are in discussions with a number of potential partners.
Q - Mark Augustine: Just one other thing, if you could. I didn't know if I heard anything too specific to it on the call, perhaps a manufacturing update for us would be great. Thanks.
A - Ian Smith: Maybe John, if you want to, I can certainly tell you that we've progressed significantly. We've progressed significantly with the manufacturing capabilities for the Company. We continue to outsource our abilities and we are in a very nice position as we go into later stage Phase II. As we put together the financial guidance for the year and certainly in our development investment for the Company, there is an expectation of continued investments for drugs to gain drug products to perform later stage trials and also to prepare somewhat for 2007. Maybe I'll turn it over to John.
A - John Alam, M.D.: Yes, I think there was no specific update because everything is really on track. Either we have provided the, implicit in the results of the stage I combination study was in fact that the tablet formulation performed as expected both from a kinetic and then from an antiviral standpoint in that study where the monotherapy results were very consistent with what we had seen with the oral suspension previously in patients with HCV. So aside from the topline results there, I think that was a very encouraging result for us to be able to accomplish those results with the tablet formulation. The new results announced today with 12 of 12 patients being undetectable, less than 10 units of HCV RNA at 28 days, was also performed, that study was also performed with the tablet formulation. So again further encouraging news in terms of where we stand from a CMC standpoint. And otherwise broadly, we are on track for the high level objective on the CMC side that Joshua had laid out earlier that by the end of the year, we would be in the registration campaign in terms of manufacturing, which implies a further set of progress throughout the year in terms of having an established process to be able to manufacture the tablets with a registration campaign.
A - Joshua Boger, Ph.D.: Mark, we are in very good shape in regards to the manufacturing and have this well under control.
Q - Mark Augustine: All right. Thank you very much.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Zhang with Prudential Equity Group.
Q - Jason Zhang: Thanks. Actually, I have two questions. John, could you tell us what have you learned in this base study, particularly the contribution of in the regimen and if you compare the two-week study with two weeks out from this trial, it seems to suggest that adding ribavirin has contributed to some effect. Well, actually, the opposite, that if you just look at the week two results of this study, particularly if you look at the number of patients below the impactability, there are actually less patients than what you have seen in that two-week study.
A - John Alam, M.D.: I think primarily what we learned, and this was the objective, was to see what would happen in terms of the response as we went out from two weeks to four weeks. And I think the really, the very positive part of the results is in fact that there's continuous viral decline with very strong results of everyone coming to less than ten units per milliliter. That was the trend out of the two-week study with interferon in VX-950. As you know, we all, the question was would that continue as you went to longer duration of treatment, and that's exactly with we saw with all patients coming down and no evidence of breakthrough or plateau. And I think that's the really strong result within this study. In terms of the ribavirin part, another part of the result was in fact that from a safety standpoint, there was no obvious signal that came out in the triple combination. But I think from an efficacy standpoint, from an antiviral effect standpoint, it's really hard to compare across studies, across continents. It's a different patient population here. Right, the numericals, in terms of less than 30 or less than 10,may be slightly better in this study, but I think it's, I wouldn't at all conclude that the ribavirin is necessarily the contributor of that. We have a lot more analysis of this particular study to do, of looking at the individual patients and what their characteristics were in terms of baseline RNA levels and all of that, and compare them before, but I think even with that, I wouldn't count that a conclusion. We are going to look at the contribution ribavirin, the potential contribution of ribavirin more directly in the next study, the three-month study, where we will have both a 950 interferon arm and a 950 interferon ribavirin arm with the third arm as a control arm.
Q - Jason Zhang: And then do you actually look at the second first slope in the study and compare that to the VX-950 plan? Do you actually see a more steeper slope than the as compared to VX-950 plus interferon?
A - John Alam, M.D.: When you're getting most of the patients down to less than 30, or half the patients at day 8 and 11 out of 12 by the second week, it's really hard to get a good sense of the second slope. We are going to do that analysis and you'll hear about it at an upcoming scientific meeting, but I wouldn't hold out a lot of hope in terms of very detailed understanding of the second slope.
Q - Jason Zhang: Okay. And then the last question is actually for Ian and if you look at the balance of why your revenue, you say you already have from the existing club ratio, and also your revenue guidance, the balance is now 60 to 80 million. If we only just consider one deal with the VX-950, I don't think you are implying that up front payment you are going to receive from a possible deal is in that range? How should we look into that?
A - Ian Smith: You are correct. We are not implying that, and maybe if I could reiterate that component, I actually stated that the R&D collaborative revenue would be around $110 million from existing collaborations. And that the new deal collaborations would be $60 to $85 million. We have a lot of assets that can generate that new deal revenue. What we are focused on in 2006 is the latest stage assets and specifically VX-702 and VX-950. But we have a number of other assets that are at the earlier stage. And as you're also familiar, Jason, we have in the past also taken research collaborations, which provide a significant funding to the Company and actually hedge our investments into research while we are focused on development. So we have a number of opportunities to generate the targeted $60 to $85 million of new deal revenue and as in prior years, we expect to execute on this.
Q - Jason Zhang: Thanks.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you. May we have our next question please? Tonya?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Forges (phonetics) with Sanford Bernstein.
Q - Jeffrey Forges: Thanks very much for taking the question. Congratulations on the results today. I'll change speed a little bit and ask a few questions on VX-702. Could you shed some light on why the 11% dropout in the Phase II study, what the delta was in those patients and what happened there? And then, could you perhaps explain why you're going into another Phase II with the VX-702 and does that imply you would not be proceeding to a Phase III in a monotherapy study and what potentially other indications are there out there that you might consider for 702? And then finally, the collaborative, the new deals. Should we anticipate the VX-702 would be the subject of a worldwide deal or some sort of European or ex-U.S. rights? I'm just wondering where your strategy is in terms of Vertex's retained ownership for that market. Thanks.
A - John Alam, M.D.: This is John. I'll go at the first two and Victor will talk with regards to the collaboration. I think the withdrawal rate here was completely consistent with studies in rheumatoid arthritis, particularly in a monotherapy setting. I don't think there's any real surprises there. If anything, it may, in fact, be on the low end of what you would see, remembering that a third of the patients in this study were receiving, were receiving placebo. So nothing really surprising. At this point, I can't provide any further color in that regard, but we are actually, I would say focused more on the 275 patients who completed 12 weeks of treatment, which I think is a positive result. In terms of the next Phase II study, the difference is that it is in combination with methotrexate and it is an established treatment paradigm in rheumatoid arthritis. It used to be in combination with methotrexate the majority of patients diagnosed with RA in the rheumatologist's office, being followed by rheumatologists, are on methotrexate already. That is the established treatment paradigm and recommendation of the American College of Rheumatology that anyone with a diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis should in fact go on a disease modifying agent and often preferably methotrexate relatively early on and then if they don't have the appropriate response, that they would be treated with another agent, either switched or in combination. In terms of developing in RA, you can't really cordon off that population of patients and simply say your drug is going to be only used as monotherapy. You actually do need to, you have an obligation to evaluate the drug in combination with methotrexate both from a safety and an efficacy standpoint. We would need to do a Phase IIb study in methotrexate on methotrexate as well. The two studies in, were the monotherapy and the combination study along with the Phase I package that we've developed would then support from a clinical standpoint going into Phase III.
A - Victor Hartmann, M.D.: Jack, this is Victor. On 702, we do have a partner in Japan already, which is Kissei. They have initiated Phase I work in Japan. We do intend to enter intro collaborations in remaining territory. We do certainly intend to retain some rights, either and/or potentially there's an indication that we intend to look at.
Q - Jeffrey Forges: I'm sorry. John, could you just add what other indications might be suitable without committing yourself but in terms of where you're thinking might take you?
A - John Alam, M.D.: I think the beginning point are really the anti-TNF agents and where they've been most successful. It's probably the most obvious place to go. That would include inflammatory bowel disease and psoriasis. There are a number of other inflammatory diseases, including the respiratory diseases such as COPD and potentially even cystic fibrosis, where P38 specifically has been identified as an interesting target, or a mechanism to study there, but there is no prior clinical experience with a mechanism that would shut off TNF or I08, which P-38 could do as well in those contexts.
Q - Jeffrey Forges: Thank you, that's very helpful.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Jeff. May we have our next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley.
Q - Steve Harr: Good afternoon. A couple of questions. The first one on the VX-950 Phase IIb program. Will you expect to show us the three month efficacy data, or are you going to wait until you have the full SDR data before we see anything?
A - John Alam, M.D.: We are certainly going to be evaluating through the course of the year that the clinical data from that study at various points, including at the end of treatment time point, as well as three and six month follow-up time points. What we've said in terms of all of that data, the key data from an overall program and Company standpoint are the three-month follow-up data, which would be, from our perspective, the trigger point and the decision point for moving into Phase III, with the plan target there would be to move into Phase III early in 2007.
Q - Steve Harr: John, in your three-month annual talks, what is your dose in toxicity?
A - John Alam, M.D.: I can't comment on any specific findings in our toxicology studies. We don't comment for competitive reasons. We do believe that the studies and the results will support the three-month clinical studies.
Q - Steve Harr: And then if I could, just one more question on 702. I just want to kind of frame the expected outcomes when they come out. Obviously there is a risk of at least some toxicity, given the patient population, and the history of this category. What type of an efficacy divided by safety bar would you consider acceptable? Could you walk us through how you're thinking about that right now, John, before you've seen the data?
A - John Alam, M.D.: What we've said is that a reasonable expectation for HI 20 responsers are what's already been presented where the biological agitator agent. In fact, the early data with two different inhibitors, that have been presented in which there's a range in a three-month study that goes anywhere from 40% to around 60%. And anywhere in that range would be a reasonable expectation for 20 responses. I think to go past that, it becomes actually a pretty complicated discussion because there's any number of different outcomes. Trying to anticipate all of those upfront, I'm not sure would go very far. I will say in terms of background, it is a reason why we do have a placebo group. It's a pretty large study. I think with 315 patients, we'll get a pretty good sense of, we'll have a very good comparative and be able to make a good assessment of the safety relative to what we would see in terms of background events in this type of population.
Q - Steve Harr: So for you to go forward, you want to see data comparable to TNF despite the, inhibitors, despite the fact that it's an oral pill. You might not expect what you saw previously which was about a 40% ACR, 20 score.
A - John Alam, M.D.: What I would say, well, first of all, there are published data with antibiology anti-TNFs which have 42% ACR 20 response rates. That's the comment that in any given study, you have, you're going to get a range of outcomes. As I said, I think a range of outcomes there would support going forward, and it's the full assessment of both HER-20 response rates and the safety profile, as you said, that will allow us to go forward.
Q - Steve Harr: That's very helpful. I appreciate it.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you Steve. May we have our next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew McDonald with ThinkEquity.
Q - Andrew McDonald: Great guys. Thank you for the call and congratulations on the great results. I want to follow up a little bit on 702. Clearly a combination with methotrexate, that three-month study is going to be very important for you. Methotrexate as a monotherapy can lead to liver toxicities, elevated liver enzymes and, as you know, leflunomide has suffered because it can't be used in combination with methotrexate. I'm wondering if you have any pre-clinical data which gives you a little bit of comfort as to whether or not you could combine702 with methotrexate without seeing elevations in liver enzymes, liver toxicities?
A - John Alam, M.D.: There is no good model of the methotrexate in use. Animal model methotrexate induced liver effects. So there isn't a model that one could try to look at that particular issue. I would just come back to that we don't have the data yet and we'll be looking at the data earlier in the second quarter. But I think it is an encouraging sign that we were able to enroll the study as quickly as we were able to and that 275 patients completed 12 weeks of dosing.
Q - Andrew McDonald: Right. And these patients have had some exposure to DMARDs but presumably not a whole lot of exposure. So I'm wondering, obviously, ACR20 scores for 702 are going to be relative to placebo. I was wondering if you can give a little bit of color on what you expect for placebo rates in this study since they can vary quite a bit too.
A - John Alam, M.D.: Placebo HS response rates in a monotherapy study such as this should be somewhere in the 20 to 30% range. And you're right that if the placebo responses are closer to 20, than in that 40 to 60 range, the outcome in the active drug is on the lower range and if the placebo response is closer to 30, the outcome in terms of ACR20 response is going to be higher part of that range. You're absolutely right, it is one of the reasons why there's a range of outcomes and one needs to look at the full totality of the results. I would say the first step of a positive finding would be statistically significant and then it's, I think, that's really the objective of the study to demonstrate a clear effect on HER20 and I think, beyond that, trying to compare to any other treatments, which are going to be different studies, different patient populations, et cetera, the paper comparisons would be very hard to make. That's really our first objective, along with demonstration of safety. If we can achieve those two, we'd be very pleased.
Q - Andrew McDonald: And finally, is there any indication, is there any data out there that can guide you as to what to expect in chronic, with chronic p38 inhibition? In other words, this is a three month study but RA patients, patients with other pro-inflammatory diseases, will probably need to be dosed longer than three months. And no one really knows what inhibition of p38 long-term will do. Do you have any insights?
A - John Alam, M.D.: I'm not sure that, as you know, there is no other experience, there is no chronic dosing experience with p38 MAP kinase inhibitor. I believe the longest is out to six months. There may be additional studies ongoing with other p38 inhibitors that will provide some information in that regard, but I think that three months certainly gives you a good sense of what types of safety issues may arise in longer termed dosing as well, which is why we have said that with a 315-patient study, that we are going to be able to get a pretty good assessment of the tolerability and safety profile. Of course we can't, with longer term dosing, without doing it, we can't give you a specific answer. I would say that outside of just the general free floating concern of p38 involved in various processes, there aren't really any specific issues that I would look to that are linked to p38 inhibition.
Q - Andrew McDonald: Great, thank you very much.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Andrew. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meg Malloy with Goldman Sachs.
Q - Meg Malloy: Thanks very much. Two questions, one on 702 and the other on 950. On 702, could you just maybe just drill down a little bit, do you have specific criteria on what would be the percentage of patients, let's say, that would get to two or three times upper limit of normal that would be sort of a go/no-go decision for pursuing things in RA. And then separately, if you were to see that kind of a result, would you still pursue it in some of these other indications where the interaction with methotrexate might be of a lesser concern? And then finally on 950, I was wondering, Joshua, if you would elaborate a little bit more on some of the additional Phase II studies that you're planning this year beyond treatment experience? Thanks.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Meg.
A - John Alam, M.D.: On 702, we do not have any specific criteria. Again, I think it's, it's too, it's a much more complicated set of results that we have to look at the totality both in terms of efficacy and safety before making a decision to go forward. So again, I would point out that the data to just simply, the experience in terms of treatment and dosing to this point with the number of patients who were able to successfully complete are encouraging to us.
A - Joshua Boger, Ph.D.: I would comment generally. I think we'll be letting out more of our Phase II plans as we get closer to executing them. In addition to the our anticipated study, in patients as you mentioned, we would anticipate also beginning later in the year treatment experience patient study that may be similar in design, but there may be differences there. We anticipate that before Phase II studies are completed and the Phase III are completed to be studying the drug, number of special populations, and in order to set up those studies would be running some of the setup studies for those in 2006. So I think I'll, and I said that we are likely to do some more studies in a particular settings in monotherapy as well and I think we'll have to be a little bit coy about the details there.
Q - Meg Malloy: Okay. Thanks. Can I circle back to John just as a quick follow up?
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Sure.
Q - Meg Malloy: Would there be, let's say, if you do get elevations that were not going to be compatible with methotrexate, would there be other areas that you could then pursue with 702 and do you have that priority on those?
A - John Alam, M.D.: Yes and we don't have a priority at this time. Our focus is on moving forward in rheumatoid arthritis. It's been all along. It's the area where p38 has already shown clinical data that it can achieve HER20 response rates. And obviously the anti-TNF have provided the most amount of validation in that context. So I think it's a natural place for an oral TNF blocker to be. And again our focus is to work through that and move into, hopefully, into later stage and registration path in 2007.
Q - Meg Malloy: Okay. Thanks very much.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Meg. We have time for one last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from Joe Pantginis with Accord Adams.
Q - Joe Pantginis: Thanks. It's Canaccord Adams. Just a couple of quick questions. Based on your 40 to 60% reasonable hurdle rate for ACR20, do you think the additional modulation of Aisle 1 with 702 can lead to a further improvement from a mechanistic standpoint and then also would you also look for ACR20 to be your primary end point in the combination study? Thanks.
A - John Alam, M.D.: Could be, but we just, there's no way to know. Even with good results, let's say we do achieve a high HR20 response. It would be very hard to know the relative contribution of TNF inhibition versus aisle one inhibition. In the RA setting, TNF does seem to be the key target, the one you want to inhibit. That's why I would expect, but how you would pin it down as to what was driving it, it's hard to know. In the methotrexate study as well, as a three-month study, ACR20 would be the primary end point there as well. I think to look at ACR50 or other end points, one really needs to look at longer duration trials than three months of treatment.
Q - Joe Pantginis: Thanks a lot.
Lynne Brum, Vice President of Strategic Communications: Thank you, Joe and thank you everyone for joining us tonight. Thank you everyone for a terrific set of questions. If you have a question that was not answered on today's call or you didn't have a chance to ask your question, please free to call us tonight or tomorrow. Thank you everyone, good night.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.
